Andrew K. Silvernail: Good morning, Jim.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And thanks for building out models for us on that last slide.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. I think first and foremost, right now the biggest driver here, kind of three things that we’re seeing for drivers and some of the near-term softening. The first one is that Europe has softened; there is certainly no doubt about that. The second and we believe this is a fairly short-term phenomenon, as some of the funding in the life science market, there are concerns and we think that some of the end markets and customer bases have slowed because of that in the near-term. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we feel pretty confident that over the long-term, that looks a lot more like we’ve expected in the past, which is high single-digit to low double-digit. So our expectation is that, in 2012 North America will be slower, Europe will be slower, international will still be multiples of those growth rates. So if you assume kind of current state, we think we can do a little bit better than that 4% to 5% in 2012, but a lot it’s going to be driven by the macro environment.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. No problem at all. It’s pretty broad-based. And I think, as we look across the portfolio, you can kind of go straight into the segment, and you’ve seen some softness. So you wouldn’t pick out one thing that’s dramatically different than the rest, but we have seen that certainly in the third quarter, some slowdown.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, no, it’s really, it’s stabilized. We’ve talked about in the past, specifically in the fire business where two years ago we saw a tick down, and this year as we expected we saw another tick down. But actually sequentially, we’ve seen that really stabilize. So across-the-board office it impacts fire, and it impacts water and waste water, we see some stability. However, we don’t see a dramatic pick up in growth, and that’s why we’ve been very proactive in taking some of the cost initiatives.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. As we talked about when we acquired CVI, and we’ve added some more color in our last earnings call. We have, CVI itself brings about $12 million of annual intangible amortization expense that does bring down their margins. So it would be fair to say right, that we’re going to reset the HST operating margin somewhere in the 300 to 350 basis points versus pre-IDEX, pre-acquisition. Obviously, as we grow and take cost out, we’ll lever off of that as some of those purchase price accounting costs are fixed, we’ll lever off of that going forward. Just to be clear, the CVI and for that matter, all of the acquisitions within the segment do have the same attributes as the rest of IDEX as we’ve talked in the past, which is incremental margins or contribution margins of the 30% to 35% range. So as we continue to see growth in those businesses, we will begin to expand margins from that going forward.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I don’t want to get too descriptive on the call in terms of our more tactical actions around the integration. Obviously, we have talked some foot print things that we are considering going through, and then there are just some natural synergistic opportunities as Andy mentioned with some of the technologies and channels and so forth as we bring it into our broader optics and photonics platform at IDEX, but and we’ll give some more color about that as we get through the 2012 planning process. But I would expect for modeling purposes that you can expect HST’s margins to be in that 19% range plus or minus here for the next few quarters.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Hello, Scott, let me kind of tackle these two things. One, I think what I heard you say was talk about the sequential order rate and then address the 4% to 5% and is that kind of consistent with what we’ve experienced in the second quarter and kind of going forward. Is that right, Scott?Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Pretty much. The order rate growth in the third quarter was the same as the second quarter organically, yet the organic expectation for the following quarter…
Andrew K. Silvernail: You know it’s really too early to tell. You guys watch CNN and CNBC as much as we do. And frankly you’ve got the politicians kind of arguing at each other and I think that’s what’s called the hesitancy, it was called the hesitancy, but there is really no specific insights or no specific plans that are in process already be executed.Allison Poliniak – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I think the way to think about that and I can – you know Heath kind of – dig into more specifics but – we can tend you to see Band-It and the rescue business, the rescue tools business, just not really execute fantastically. And it’s too similar stories; one is at rescue, it’s based on a great job, absolutely terrific job of innovation and international expansion. You know that business is 70 plus percent international and the team there has just on a stellar job executing. On the Band-It side, what they’ve really done is a terrific job globally of looking at new vertical markets, where they have just – tremendous advantages over the existing fastening technology. And so year-over-year, they – continue to just to drive great growth. And we’ve already talked about what’s happening in fire. So, I think – they’ve done a terrific job and we expect them to continue to.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, you bet. You know, one example which is just terrific is looking at power plants where some of the current fastening technologies are really based on welding, which is expensive, dangerous and it doesn’t have a long life, and with those type of applications, you are looking at, frankly a kind of ten to one value proposition where we can still solve the customers’ problem and have very attractive margin. So that’s one example, and frankly there are dozens more like that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Some of the first half numbers are in corporate expense were little inflated Charlie, just because we had acquisition related costs in those, right. I think if you were to normalize, and this quarter is probably a little artificially low, because we had some of the CEO transition expense benefit in there. So I think if you normalize it for somewhere around $11 million to $12 million a quarter, that’s probably a good modeling number from a corporate expense perspective.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, sure. Well, first and foremost I think it's important to note that as you look at this portfolio if you look at HST, it's a very different portfolio than it was a year ago. It is what a lot of people think of as HST is now kind of about third to 40%, 45% of the current portfolio. So, overall customer concentration is actually going down pretty considerably. So that's the first comment. The second comment is, we – these are very, very long life cycle products and technologies that we play in and in many cases they are regulated. So they are attractive, very dependable markets and we work hard to be early in the product development cycle in driving overall value to the customer and continuing to play with them through the life cycle. So we’ve been successful in taking share by driving platform content and maintaining to continue to grow share with some of the similar strategy. So we think we’re very well positioned, we’ve grown platform content even in those places that have some consolidation. And we think we bring an awful lot of value, so frankly, we think we’re well positioned.Wendy Caplan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much, Andy.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I see, what you are saying. I think you’ll see mid single-digits out of Health & Science, out of Fire & Safety and Dispensing, and I think you’ll see a better than that, a high single-digit number out of FMT.Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Profit margin in overall kind of organic growth rates that normalizes.Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  Okay.
Andrew K. Silvernail: We’re still planning to go out here in the fourth quarter with a public bond, the 10-year note that we talked about in the last earnings call.Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Right.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Timing is a little [TBD], almost week-to-week as we keep an eye on the bond markets, making sure we go in at the most attractive point for where IDEX resides. So we would anticipate some higher – some moderately higher interest expense in the fourth quarter.Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I wouldn’t call them major changes, Jim. I think that the most important thing that came out of the three-year strat plan is the laser-like focus on the six strategic platforms within FMT and HST, and those have been in placed for a long time, they’ve been build out for a number of years. But really, focusing and executing on those platforms both organically and inorganically, a very strong focus on the emerging markets, a very strong focus on filling in technology and channel gaps and really kind of executing the business model around that, that is absolutely the most important thing that came out of strat plan.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I want to thank you all very much for your time this morning. We’re excited about the end of our third quarter, and our execution of the year-to-date results, and we anticipate continued success throughout the year. And thanks again for your continued interest in IDEX.
Heath A. Mitts: Robert, this is Heath, there is about in total for HST, we had a headwind on the margin rate of about 450 basis points, which in CVI and the other HST acquisitions, CVI being by far the lion share then. So we would have accreted ex-acquisitions in HST, we would have accreted somewhere in the 70 basis points.
Heath A. Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. That is correct. The two different activities altogether, once restructuring partly CVI enabled just due to the acquisition as well as the sizing of the dispensing and portions of the water business that I discussed earlier. That is a different activity all together, the ongoing strategic sourcing and OpEx savings that we drive daily.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co.: Very good, that’s very helpful. Thank you and, Andy, good luck.
Heath A. Mitts: What – just to jump in your time, we are – the third quarter results were reflective of what we’ve seen here to-date in the segment, which is a fire piece that is stable, right so for the third of the segment, which is the pumps that gone – the fire trucks has been stable. It hasn’t shrunk this year; it’s really been a low single digit organic grower. And if you’d – so you can do the math if we’re growing at the segment level there at the mid to this quarter 6% organic revenue growth, you’ve got two thirds of the business that’s growing in the low double digits and that would obviously be rescue and Band-It which are having great years.
Heath A. Mitts: Walt, as you recall the first half is always much bigger in dispensing than in the second half.Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  Right, but there is that seasonality.
Heath A. Mitts: And you see that that this is a business that volume has a huge impact in terms of the way it levers up and levers down, so in terms of where we finish the year and the full-year operating margin rate for the segment we’ll still be in the mid to high teens in terms of profitability in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, it's going to be up some, but some of that's more tied to the restructuring actions that we are doing more so than we are anticipating some big bump in volume.Walter Liptak – Barrington Research Associates, Inc.:  :
