Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you all joining us for the discussion of our 2016 fourth quarter and our full-year results. Before I get going, I want to introduce Bill Grogan, our new CFO. Bill, welcome to the senior executive team and the CFO chair. Bill has been with us for more than five years and most recently was Head of our Financial Group for Operations working side-by-side with Eric Ashleman. And so he really did an outstanding job there with building the teams, driving the operating model, and has been a key part to our overall success in terms of driving results in the last-half decade. So congratulations, Bill, and welcome to the team.
Andrew Silvernail: Also, I want to thank Mike Yates. Mike has really stepped in in the late summer when we had the interim chair open up and did an outstanding job. And I think it’s a real testament to Mike that we did not miss a beat through this process and really we are incredibly fortunate to have somebody of Mike’s caliber on our team and continuing on our team as we go forward. So thank you, again, Mike, very much, I appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Mike, this is – if you go back and you are to look in time, this is not a typical, right. So this is kind of how we thought about things over time. I think why it stands out a little bit now right is the backdrop of slower overall organic growth. And so, I guess, very importantly, we made a conscious decision that we were not going to trim back on those, given the backdrop. And for us, as you know, it takes an awful long time for these investments to germinate. And if we were to go and cut $10 million, $12 million of that cost, which you could easily do by the way, right. These are pretty variable cost you can take these out. We could have easily put up cover the FX headwind that developed here in the latter part of the year. And we just decided that was not the prudent thing to do and we should continue to invest. So very typical for us. I think the difference is Mike, is the – these are investments that are really, really targeted around a few mostly product-related areas. So in the bio, biopharma area that that whole life sciences world has taken off for us obviously and we’ve got some very interesting new products that are going to take few years to germinate. But we’re going to have to put several million dollars a year into those, while those takeoff. And so that fits right into the life sciences, fluidics and optics world, that’s a good piece of the investment. We’ve got a series of new product launches in our water world. And so if you look at our water business that’s led by [indiscernible] they’ve done a great job. They have been part of – a lot of those business have been in the fixed category and they have done an amazing job of changing that profile and have a whole series of new products that are going to come to market here over the next two years, now that’s a major investment. In India, we are, as you know, we built two facilities in the last five, six years here in India with expansion and we’re moving more and more for local needs. So a lot more product development is happening for the local markets. X-Smart has been a home run there. And what we really learned from our success and we were doing more like that. And then if you look at new product developments the next generation on rescue tools, as you know, hydraulic has been a big win for us. So we’re going to continue to invest there. The StrongArm product line we’ve mentioned before, that’s going to continue to get investment. And then finally, around the AWG Akron acquisitions and the combination with our other fire assets, there are some really important product development opportunities around electronics, which is bringing together kind of all of the superior product capability that we have on a fire truck that links it together and creates a closed system that is going to get investment for us. So those are the major areas and they’re all about growth. And so it’s going to take time to germinate, but I think it’s the right thing to do.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Mike, if you remember kind of back in the summer, I mentioned, we’re seeing some stability, right, things had really been at a decelerating pace in the industrial or an accelerating decline in the industrial landscape up until kind of after the first quarter of 2016 and I mentioned some stability. What we saw in the third quarter was a kind of the back-end of the quarter got meaningfully better, but still spotty. It was still pretty spotty. What we saw in the fourth quarter was much more broad-based across recruitment across their businesses. And then I’d say January has continued that trend. And let me be really candid. We have a lot of internal debate about the top line to market what number we’re picking around the market.
Andrew Silvernail: And everything that we’re talking about here is based on market estimates because of what we think has really not been taken into account around the economic and the political volatility. And so our – we believe that we’ll beat the markets by a point or two. And so again, it really kind of depends from what you think – what you’re picking the markets to be and we’ve got impressed on some of this commentary. And my point of view Mike is that, people have gotten a little over their skis on the positive sides of some of things that have been talked about and even experienced and not enough attention has really been put into the potential downsides. And so for us, we’re really weighing this both sides of this equation, which has led us to be more conservative. I’ll give you that, there’s no doubt about it. And a lot of it comes down to, we know how our operating model flexes. And if things are better, we’ll flex very quickly up and the incremental margins will be attractive. And if things are worse than some people are talking about right now, we’re already positioned to deal with it.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so we’re talking first quarter being up one to two no real big hockey stick built in. So we don’t have, I think the first quarter is going to be telling for us to be candid with you, right. And so that’s going to be an important barometer for how we think the rest of the year is going to play out, and January is decent.
Andrew Silvernail: See, I think that would be a real challenge to be honest with you. When we at this time last year, we were really bullish on the overall ability to deploy. But we had line of sight at that point with a lot of confidence around a couple of things, while we have a very typical funnel right now. And so if we deployed $0.25 billion, that would be terrific. We don’t have things kind of sitting right in front of us like we did this time last year. And so this feels more like a normal pipeline. That being said, it’s a good pipeline. It’s across the portfolio, and we have, obviously, we have the buyer power to do it, it’s just going to be actionability, Steve.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so you’ve got about – what you have is, you’ve got about $20 million of headwind plus or minus and that’s mostly driven by wage inflation, which – it is not a lot of material inflation. Obviously, you’ve got some metals here and there that have which seems a little bit on. We’re in a really good position and obviously, we’re really cognizant of potential inflation spikes something that we’re paying a lot of attention to. But the material side should be modest. The wage side is very typical. So call it $20 million. So we’ll get kind of $22 million of total productivity, and so that will net us or sorry a little bit more in that $23 million, $24 million, and that will net us kind of a $0.02 in total.
Andrew Silvernail: Again by the way right, that’s – that does not include restructuring, right. So you’ve got another $0.03, $0.04 on the restructuring side. So I would call all of that productivity, but we just happened to break it out specifically, because we called out restructuring charges.
Andrew Silvernail: I think, it’s what you would expect, right. And so the way I kind of think about the math that the math doesn’t change here, right. So the incremental benefits that we’ve always talked about that 30% to 35% even including these investments is there, right. So when you kind of work through all the puts and takes of all this and you look at it, you go okay, that – those incrementals are there, especially when you kind of step back and you think about the one-time thing that we benefited from in 2016. So we’re not going to compress our incrementals by these kind of investments, Nathan. And but I think the variable here is obviously in a higher growth environment, you’re going to get much better incrementals, in a lower growth environment you get more towards kind of the downside of where guided historically.
Andrew Silvernail: ICS being really aggressive, Nathan. I think is, I think everybody – everyone we talk to and we spend time with, the differentiators is going to be organic growth, right. And even when you think about acquisitions, right, when you acquire the way you really drive overall returns, obviously we’re very good at the cost out. But you’ve got to deliver on the top line too, which means you’ve got to deliver overall on the organic side. So these kind of investments I think are prudent and we’re going to do it in good times and in difficult times.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, I’m sorry, Nathan. Yes, so I would say that proportional to the size of our business, this feels about, right. Right, so as the business gets bigger, the dollars will get bigger, but I don’t think and proportionally it’s going to change dramatically from what we’re talking about here.
Andrew Silvernail: No, our practice has been to – we have a really disciplined process that we go through. And so we just said, hey, these levels will probably see some creep, but that could push one way or the other to be honest with you. We’re just kind of basing on the activity that we’ve had here in the last six months. But that that’s one variable that could move throughout the year.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, so I think the way I’d say it, so you do lose some visibility going to distribution. But what I’d say is, what we saw in the fourth quarter and what were seen early in January, and I want to be – the reason I’m being so cautious here around this is – a few months does not make a trend, right. And so, but I will say that what we saw through the fourth quarter early in January it is pretty broad-based. And so whether you’re talking about kind of classic distribution at Viking, or say gas as an example of Warren Rupp, or you’re talking about more value-added distribution, or you’re talking about even on the OE side, it’s been pretty broad-based.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So you’ve got to remember that includes price, right. So that that’s not just volume, and so the price side of it flows through at a 100%. And so when you’re looking at numbers that are that – that are 1% to 2% kind of that granular that the call it 7 to eight-tenths of a point that will get price in 2017 that that’s going to flow through very high.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, a really kind of simple rule of thumb for us is a point of organic growth, it’s going to give us about $0.08 on earnings.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Matthew, if you recall even kind of two years ago at this time, we were talking about a product cycle – lifecycle – product cycle in the industry that was going to get a lot better starting in 2017. We said we had a lot of visibility to that and that’s playing itself out now, right. So the product launches that we’re seeing across the industry are pretty good and you could pick your submarket, right, they’re generally – it’s pretty healthy, and we’re well-positioned in terms of content by platform. So we think that that 2017 and 2018 are going to be pretty good years here. If you look at the analytical instrument, IBD bio genomics, you pick your market, it’s going to be pretty good. Obviously, we don’t know how policy might impact that that’s one wildcard that we really – everyone needs to pay attention to and just with the uncertainty that we’ve seen early days we all know. But generally, in current conditions, we think both the industry is going to be pretty good and we’re well-positioned.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, and probably not a ton of negative. I mean, obviously, the thing that I’m most worried about, Andrew, is trade war. I think everybody in my seat is nervous about that same possible reality. And one of the reasons why, frankly, we’ve hedged our bets here going into 2017.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So, generally, Nick, the world has not changed that much that we look at right. So, excuse me. The biggest changes have really been around the public markets. And obviously, we don’t play a time in that world we have. We bought some businesses from public companies in the past and whatnot. But – so that level of volatility so far we haven’t seen it play itself through the broader M&A funnel that we look at. That being said, we’re in the same position we’ve been for an awful long time, which is things are expensive. There’s no doubt about it. You’ve got to be incredibly disciplined, and you’ve got to be disciplined around price, but you also have to be really disciplined around what fits in your operating model. And so, we’re – there’s very few things that can make a deal go sour faster than overpaying and we’re just not going to do that. And so, we like our funnel, but we’re going to be very disciplined about prices in the marketplace, and that fundamentally hasn’t changed here in the last few months.
Andrew Silvernail: So I’m going to call it cautious optimism, right. So, as I said before, we have seen some sequential improvement and it’s relatively broad-based. The downhole-related things, which we don’t have a lot of exposure to, right, it’s kind of 2%, 3% of our total business. That has been, obviously, the much more volatile piece and where people are calling more potential upside, it’s a really small piece for us. So I don’t get too excited about that on one side or the other. The things that are further downstream from there, those CapEx cuts came a lot later in the cycle and they’re still playing themselves out now. So I think we’ll actually be behind that curve to some degree as that plays itself through and then we’ll see if capital investment makes its way downstream, again. So I’m cautious generally with industrial and oil and gas. I’m more favorable in general industrial, I think, the oil and gas stuff will take more time to play itself through.
Andrew Silvernail: Against about $80 million, $85 million of revenue that will get incrementally this year netting out to call it plus $40 million to $45 million.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It’s a – I’m not really worried about our ability to execute here, right. So, we’ve proven our ability to manage these items operationally manage the investments. If the business were to slowdown, could we accelerate some restructuring? Yes, we could. Could we slowdown some timing of investments? Certainly, we could, and I think we’ve demonstrated a pretty good ability to do that over time.
Andrew Silvernail: At this stage, it’s tough to say, because as I mentioned, I think it was Steve who asked the earlier question around this. We’ve got a decent funnel. We don’t have anything kind of imminent. And so, we could end up having a really big year or soft year. My hope would be that we get somewhere between. But at the end of the day, it’s not something that I can peg at this point.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I don’t – I wouldn’t think about the growth investments kind of how they would impact, that is not going to be material so to speak. If you look at the overall margin performance that we expected in 2017 by segment, I think FMT for the year, it should be in the 25% range, maybe a little bit higher 26%. HST in that 22% to 23% range, and FSD in that kind of 25% range. At the segment operating level, that’s what you should expect next year. So the investment should materially impact that. Again, as I answered before, even with the investments, we’re still very much in line with our expectations for incremental operating margins.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes So far the January things have been decent. I think the trend that we saw at the back-half of the fourth quarter have continued. I – at this stage, again, I’m hesitant to get more aggressive, because it’s such a short period of time. And hey, the level of uncertainty that’s out there economically and politically, it’s prudent to be cautious.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so the strength that you mentioned that was within MPT, right, so we had some strength there in the MPT business. But even minus that orders were solid. We’re good – very good in the life-sciences side and industrial similar to what we talked about in FMT. So some, I’ll call it a few light spots, but not ready to call it, Semicon was strong. The general industrial gas micro pump still saw meaning kind of flattish, but certainly better than the trends that we’re in the first-half or even in little bit later than that in 2016.
Andrew Silvernail: So it’s still very early days for any kind of what I would tell revenue synergies right, that’s – those are things that take a meaningful time in those businesses, because you don’t want to break it already very good channels. And so nothing meaningful there, nothing different than our expectations, but it’s not like that’s accelerating yet. On the cost side very much in line with our expectations, right. The restructuring charges that we took were related to that and both Akron and AWG are on track for what we committed. We talked about getting 500 basis point of improvement in those businesses over three years and I think we’ll get there.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I mean that’s the math, right, it’s kind of flattish to modestly up, given the environment. Back at the Baird Conference, of course, I think I – my – I gave my talk on the on the day of the election. I said I thought that world was going to be kind of negative 1 to plus 1. And I’m still kind of there maybe with even more volatility, given what’s going on. So maybe I’ll revert back to negative 2 to plus 2. But yes, my overall view has changed a lot obviously. The strengthening of the dollar plays into this and then obviously hit us as we think about 2017. And then there’s just a lot of uncertainty right that’s – it’s really hard to peg.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So the energy business sequentially was down and that was really kind of tied to the LPG business. And so other than that, sequentially look pretty similar, not a lot of changes from what we saw in the third quarter.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think you’re right, Joe. I think those markets are going to slow here as we look at the underlying performance. I think the business will do well. We’ve got a significant product launch that happens here a little bit later in the year that I think, it probably won’t make a big impact in 2017, but I think will be a nice going forward. But I think those underlying markets are – the growth is going to moderate to kind of flattish to 2017.
Andrew Silvernail: Actually that was one of the big ones you’ve got better, right. So, with the anticorruption probes, things really came to a screeching halt, right. And we finally saw some – that liberated a little bit here, and we actually had a very nice win in the rescue tool market in the fourth quarter with our Dinglee brand.
Andrew Silvernail: We haven’t heard it kind of specifically that people are having a big pause. Obviously, anything where things are – where moneys are coming from a government, we [indiscernible] conservatism around there, right. So, that obviously fits there certainly around the U.S. because there is so much uncertainty. It could be a bunch of money that flows there and frankly it could get caught. There is no clarity. And so we are – that is a piece of our hesitance.
Andrew Silvernail: We are kind of – stuff we’ve announced, it’s going well. For the most part, we should have everything done here by the end of the first quarter across the company. And so, we’ve got some stuff in NPT as I mentioned before and then the specific work around the acquisitions, most of that’s actually been done that we finished up in this year, so it’s not a lot more to go.
Andrew Silvernail: I don’t think that maintenance spend really took a big hit, right. In the world that we play in, those aren’t really optional. It really is kind of the CapEx related stuff that has been – the bulk of what drove the industrial recession. And so I think that what we are seeing earlier here in this year and late last year are very modest improvements around CapEx. And so if – what’s going to drive an acceleration is going to increases in CapEx.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah, so, it’s – call it in the range of 5% of total business, right, so about half of that or so is done in China, for China, and another half comes from other places around the world, other businesses around the world. I would say there are certainly some modest improvements that you are seeing in China, that’s really been a real struggle for everybody here with this transition from investment to consumer. And so it is, I’m going to call it, modestly positive, but it’s not like it’s going to pick to where it was pre-2014.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much for joining the call here today. And I know we had a lot of moving parts to talk about and I appreciate your patients and your good questions. Obviously as we think about 2017, we think about this much like the Apple the last couple of years, which is we need to make our own good fortune and I think we have positioned ourselves very well on the cost side, productivity, how we manage the balance sheet, how we deploy capital, and very importantly the growth investments that we are making for the future. And I think we are very, very well positioned regardless of what those markets do. And so, while we’ve taken probably a more conservative view of the markets, we are in a great position to take advantage of that and to drive overall profitability and returns on investment and ideally that’s going to translate into total reassurance for our shareholders. So, I want to thank our teams here at IDEX for continuing to execute extremely well and thank you all for your time and your interest in IDEX. And I look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
William Grogan: Yes. I don’t think we have any material risk if there were significant tariffs and replace of NAFTA. So I think for the most part, our production and supply chain is local for local, So not a lot of exposure there.
William Grogan: Yes, I mean, there’s about $200 million kind of overseas, primarily within Europe. So if there was a repatriation, we’d have to look at that and t see we’ve done several deals in Europe so to pay a 10%, the repatriation tax might not be worth it if we have line of sight some uses for that cash within Europe or abroad.
William Grogan: So the $40 million is the amount of revenue that we had in IDEX in 2016 from the businesses that we sold. So we had $40 million of revenue in those businesses. If you look at it kind of on an apples that if you look at it kind of on a trade-off basis incremental revenue of what we’re going to lose from divestitures versus the incremental that we’re going to get from the acquisitions because of where they landed in the year, you get somewhere around $40 million, $45 million of incremental good guy in revenue in 2017. Does that makes sense and that’s all…
William Grogan: Yes, I’d say, we had throughout the year some softness in sort of our emerging markets and we saw a pick up in the fourth quarter.
Joseph Giordano: I just wanted to talk FMT orders a little bit here. I’d strip out forget about like the year-on-year just looking sequentially pretty flat. I’m trying to reconcile that with what some others have said on the short cycle a bit of a budget flush happened in 4Q. So would you have expected like how do that – how did the orders come in for that segment versus how you might have thought.? And then I appreciate your conservatism for 2007, as it’s appropriate, but…
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And then on undiversified when you look at your dispensing business, obviously, you guys are outpunching that market…
Joseph Giordano: But what are you thinking – but inherent in your guidance, what are you thinking for those markets that they – that those products play in like maybe slowing down…
Joseph Giordano: Okay. And maybe just last thinking on the diversified that order growth there made the comp is a little easy, but..
