Heath Mitts: Mike, this is Heath. The spike in that number really comes from a couple of different things. One is some diligence-related activity for potential acquisitions in the future, is one driver. There were some legal costs that we booked, for both for that as well as for some environmental activity going on, and the third driver was compensation-related expense related to equity. So the run rate going forward, I would say run it out of the debt right around $18 million a quarter, it think is a good number.
Heath Mitts: For modeling purposes Mike, I would recommend using whatever you want to use for that segment’s organic revenue growth. The flow through on that for the next few quarters will be in a 35% range. So depending on what you want to use for the organic revenue growth. So, yes, we’re not going to run at 28% every quarter obviously with -- in a more normalized state, but we’ll still be in the low to mid 20s -- mix plays in there as well.
Heath Mitts: No, I would say, we will reserve the right to adjust the 90 days as we see appropriate, but given amount of backlog that we hold formally and where we see things, we want to make sure that we’re cautious in terms of our outlook in second half. 
Andy Silvernail: Let me -- I’ll touch on a couple of things, perhaps you know; I’ll let Heath talk a little bit more about the specifics on the margin. Two things really happened there on that order. Number one, the customer just came and said, can we accelerate this, and can we pull it forward, so we can have it in place for the holidays. Usually any of these large orders that come through, they want to be well in place before Memorial Day, and we had the supply chain and the capability to pull it forward and so we’re able to do that. So that’s kind of the number one. Number two, when you look at the fill of the base business, a good story there is we are seeing nice fill in the base business. So even though that large order -- our business -- we're going to have to scope the business downward after that large order goes, the fill rate has been pretty good, and that team did a great job of going into that order knowing that we had to have a very flexible model. So we didn’t add any real fix costs to get that order out. What that means however, though is that -- there was a very high contribution margin, there’s no doubt about it, right. Because we didn’t add a lot of fix cost to that. And the strategy in that business now is to -- is around that highly flexible model that can scale up and down, as we see some of these bigger things. So that’s kind of -- that’s an overview of that order and we expect going forward [indiscernible].
Andy Silvernail: Our view on the second half really hasn’t changed much, if you just kind of think about the underlying business. What I’d say is -- the guidance in terms of both organic growth rate and where we’re taking it up have to do with pulling that one order forward and then seeing work on modest base improvement and that’s why we took the bottom end of it up. And so, if you look at it how the guidance forms, it’s really based on looking at a 4% organic in the back half of the year, and so it’s not really weaker than the first half here, except that you don’t have the larger, that one larger order in there. So that’s the mechanic, if I thought about it.
Andy Silvernail: You know, we’re not really worried about that. Those things can be a little bit more lumpy depending upon where we are. The first quarter of last year was very strong, if you recall the order book of first quarter of last year. And the book to bill is still very, very solid. So we’re not particularly worried about that. The -- as we look at the pipeline that’s coming through the funnel, the order rates, I would say they are definitely going to end the year in that 4% to 5% range.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. There’s no reason, if we look at our order book going into the second quarter, like all of our business, we don’t carry a lot of backlog, but the pieces that we have good visibility to have been -- we feel comfortable with. The other thing that makes us a feel little more comfortable is, the really short cycles. So the book and churn business, the day rate business that’s coming out of U.S. distribution, as everyone knows on the call that’s something that can be a little bit lumpy. And we have seen that steady out over the last couple of quarters. So that gives us some confidence too.
Andy Silvernail: No, I think, what -- if you see there -- if you parse it out, if you look at scientific fluidics, optic and photonics and sealing, those are kind of right in line with what we’ve seen -- what we’ve seen and what we had expected. And the real variance here has been some really strong bookings at a material process technology. And that will ship in a back half of the year and even some into the first quarter of next year.
Andy Silvernail: Well, yes, it the material process technology but they had a pretty weak fourth quarter last year. That was pretty soft. So they’ll feel that in. And the other pieces I think will hold steady.
Andy Silvernail: We had incrementals coming out of the dispensing order here in the first quarter right. We would still expect to deliver at the kind of rates that we’ve always communicated, because we’re kind of seeing you know, productivity and what not. I would say that there’s a little bit of conservatism on a margin rate. We do also have -- you remember last year in the fourth quarter we only had 25% tax rate, and that’s going to be more in that 29 to 30 range. So we had some pretty discrete items. I can let Heath talk to it. But that’s going to hit that a little bit. And also we continue to make reinvestments and either the way I look at it is we want to continue to reinvest in our businesses aggressively, and we’re at a position where we have an opportunity to do that. Heath, anything you want to talk about in the margins.
Andy Silvernail: The improvement is really, I guess the more upbeat tone -- it is not because we have anything big that’s imminent - that’s going to drop tomorrow or anything like that that's substantive. But it's more of -- we started putting more resources into our platforms for business development starting about 18 months ago. And what we’re seeing happen Scott, is just an improvement of funnel from, frankly more feet on the street and an improvement in cultivation. And so if we put together a combined strategy of putting more feet out there, closer to the marketplace, really still looking around this $25 million to $200 million range, that sweet spot. There are a few bigger things out there that we’re looking at, but our sweet spot continues to be in that range. And then the second part, as a number of you know, we started building an acquisition integration team here also about that same time. And we feel like we have the capacity to start to move that ball a little faster. That being said, as everyone knows, right these things, right down to the finish line, they can fall through or they can come through. And so in the last year or so we’ve had a number of things that we got to the finish line on and didn’t happen. And as we look at the balance of 2014, we have a little bit better funnel and hopefully we’ll start to see some more activity.
Andy Silvernail: It’s actually, it’s pretty balanced between FMT and HST. The places that we have set are going to be our priorities around in FMT have been around energy and the chemical area. It’s been an area of focus. And we consistently said that we wanted to build out around agriculture, although that’s been a tough one over the last few years to do. So those were the kind of the three areas in FMT. When you look at HST, scientific fluidics, optics and photonics, and seals really have been our areas of focus. And so those are the areas that we’re really putting the most energy on. And it really gives us Allison, the ability to arbitrage the market a little bit, as multiples kind of move one way or the other in any one of those segments. We can, even when the market is moving and it has been as strong as it’s been can hopefully put ourselves into a position where we can buy at little bit better multiples than are out there, kind of generally in the marketplace.
Andy Silvernail: I see two things, one of each. The first one is on the Ag side. I think we have not experienced the slowdown yet that kind of everybody is worried about. We saw some overall commodity prices improved a little bit and therefore net farm income, just modestly recently. At the same time, the drought in California hasn't helped anybody. There is no doubt about that and so, I’m cautious about that one but at the same time I feel very, very good about the team that we have there, and their ability to grow organically in and out of the cycle. So that’s I guess one. The other one is, I still -- and I’ve said this for the last few quarters. I’m tepid on what's going on in China. That’s been pretty volatile, and we have seen that unevenness of business here for quite sometime and so I have some concern around that. We’re still investing in we’re going to continue to invest because they are very important markets to us, but we have to be willing to live with the volatility there.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and really exclusive to the incremental margins of the dispensing order, right. And that’s a big number and that came through at nice incremental margins because of the nature of the very flexible model they put in place. And also you’re going to see tax rate creep up a little bit here in the second quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Really, if you look at generally around FMT and HST, the only times you see kind of those big swings quarter-to-quarter are typically due to mix, right. And now that water has improved its overall margin profile. The real mover on there tends to be Ag, because Banjo has some seasonality to it and is pretty high incremental margins, so that’s where you’d see the move quarter-to-quarter. Over in HST the margin on an incremental basis is pretty consistent through those businesses. So you generally it’s going to more follow volume and then occasionally depending upon your ability, you might win few projects here and there specifically around Material Process technology that might shift mix slightly.
Andy Silvernail: So, there are some things that take a really long time to gestate. So as an example, if you just look at the product development lifecycles in HST as an example, you tend to see -- that’s a long gestation period. That can be two to three years frankly. When you look at the channel related things, that can be a year and so some of the channel related activity that we’ve done in diversified and some of the channel related activity that we’ve done in FMT, we’re definitely seeing benefits of. I can give a couple of examples I think in our water business as an example. We restructured that business and we didn’t put incremental resources in there, but we certainly aggressively segmented and move resources. And some of the growth that we’ve seen in new product and in new areas of business have been attributed to that and then in FMT we’ve been very aggressive about moving resources into the Middle East and also into Asia specifically for our rector business and those are things that have had faster gestation than say that two or three year of period, but I’d say on average it’s kind of 12 to 18 months. And we are seeing a little of now, there is no doubt. We’re seeing a little bit of it now and I would say as we get into the backend of this year more importantly into 2015, I’m hoping that we see more benefits.
Andy Silvernail: There is definitely more money out there. I wouldn’t say it’s not. The floodgates haven’t opened up, but I will say I think the money -- the municipal monies have come probably six months quicker than I’ve thought they were going to. As you know on the last couple of calls I’ve said that it was kind of 12 to 18 month cycle from when they see improvements in tax receipts to budget increases. And we’re seeing that little bit faster I think. So there is some loosening of purse strings. And then it kind of relates some of the things that have been on the shelf here really since the financial crisis. There is probably some pent-up demand that’s out there. I don’t want to overstate it though. It’s not a huge number, but it is improvement definitely. On the European side, that’s really been more about new products and some share shift. And so it really is bifurcated between what I’ll call a true improving in market in the U.S. and in Europe where we’ve just executed better I think and had some nice new products.
Andy Silvernail: Average is a tough one, Matt. And the reason I say that is and I’ll give you -- how about I give you a range? I’m going to say 7 to 10 is kind of the range and it really kind of depends on the situation. As you know, getting to that 10 size, you got to really clearly understand how you’re going to drive value pretty quickly. But I’d say generally it’s kind of - if I were to tighten that range it’s kind of 8 to 9. 
Andy Silvernail: Three things, number one the market generally has improved. So the analytic range for market driven by I’d say improvements in you see pressure come off from the NIH spending. You’ve seen some improvement in capital spend from a number of our customers in some geographic improvements. So I’d a piece of its market. A second piece of it is around, you are seeing definitely a new product cycle. This is an industry, whether it’s the analytical instrument or the diagnostics industry, you’re seeing some improvement. You will see kind of a two to three year product cycles and we are in the midst of the start of a new product cycle that will last couple of years. So that’s a piece of it. And then the final part is there is real growth around in the biotech side, in the genome sequencing. That’s the piece of the business that’s improving. And then I guess the last entity is I think we are winning share. As I look at what we’re doing on new platforms that are being launched and the dollars per instrument that we’re associated with, we’re seeing that improve.
Andy Silvernail: We don’t want to compete with our good customers. That’s not something we want to do. We’re really-really comfortable in the component and the subsystem area, and then in the instrument area where, frankly it’s really a component of a larger process. So we’re not going to move, you’re not going to see us move aggressively up market and compete with our customers.
Andy Silvernail: Really if you look at it, part of it is comps. I’m talking of the first half of the year, its comps. We did have some stuff, there was a little bit longer cycle, that came out. At the same time last year we saw some of our leaders and some of the businesses that had historically not been leaders in that area, and our expectation is some of our bigger brands, our Viking, our Warren Rupp brands, that didn’t have really great second halves last year. Because if you look at their order book, are poised to do pretty well and have some of that facing related to the U.S. industrial markets that we’ve seen improve. And so at same time, I think the water business is continuing to sequentially improve, and we don’t see a big downside in Ag yet. So that’s what gives us a level confidence that for the year we’ll end up with sales that are in that kind of 4% to 5% -- 3% to 5% range. 
Andy Silvernail: It’s around 12% -- 10% to 12%. And it’s the one-piece that moves kind of quarter-to-quarter in a meaningful way.
Andy Silvernail: You know, a good piece of it was volume, but more importantly I think -- I'm going to call productivity. FMT has done a really, really good job over the last year here of improving overall productivity. And some of our bigger places, our bigger engines, I’ll use to Viking as the example, have done a nice job of driving activity through their entire value chain. So you see that happening. The other part is that the water business, we’re still -- we’re just starting to -- at the back half of the year we’ll finally lap the improvement that we’re seeing there. And that’s been a really meaningful shift, in terms of overall profitability. So it’s not so much, just generally the volume, although the volume helps. We had nice incremental margins there. But specifically, I would hang my hat on productivity, number one. And number two, we’re still seeing the nice comparables for our water business.
Andy Silvernail: We have said even back a year or so ago, we have said that we thought this was business that could to the low 20s in operating profit, and I would say that our confidence is rising that we can over the next two, three, four, five years, there is more headroom to that than maybe we thought and part of it right is having that sense of what is the full potential of your businesses and even if a business is very profitable how do you continue to drive that and segmentation played a big role in that and you more aggressively segment within a platform with a business, even within a product line, and you really start to feed the winners and frankly starve the losers. You can see a nice overall improvement in your profitability and growth rates.
Andy Silvernail: It’s too early to make that call. If we get consistently into the low 20s, I think we can rethink that then.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I’d actually break this into two pieces, Wal. First one is on the refresh what we tend to see is every two-three years, we tend to see that cycle happen. The last couple of years, that’s been compressed because it got held off few years before that. So we’re not expecting to see these mega orders so to speak over the next year to 18 months. Our planning as we look at that and it does not anticipate having any of these north of $20 million orders, we don’t expect that. At the same time, I would say that the base business across the globe has improved. In the U.S. and in Europe it is fundamentally I think a better overall environment for the business. And in Asia, it’s really around the initiative that we have been driving frankly with new product development.
Andy Silvernail: I think it’s much more consistent with kind of the IDEX overall growth rate. it is as we work through the next two-three years, I guess I’d be disappointed if the core business minus backing out these big projects. It should grow in that 4% to 5% rate.
Andy Silvernail: I think a couple of things. One, very specific to some of the uptick that we’ve experienced has to do with strength in North American market that we’ve had generally and some of that has to do with a truck refresh and some of it has to do frankly with a really cold winter. And so there are couple of discreet items in there, much more importantly what we’re really excited about is and the money that’s moving into the energy sector now today is really about distribution. And the issue you have is where energy is produced and where it’s consumed. There is a big disconnect because of the mix of energy and we sit really nicely in that area of this midstream that we think we can take advantage of and really be a player in there. So we think that there is some legs to this and it’s not as violate as some of the upstream and downstream stuff.
Andy Silvernail: No problem, Bryan. We all set. Good. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your interest in IDEX. Obviously, we’re very happy with how the first quarter turned out and we are looking forward to a good year here. I guess the thing I’d end with that I think the success that we’re having is really attributable to the teams that we’re building here at IDEX and I’m very proud of what they’re accomplishing and what they have accomplished and what we have to look forward to. So, I would like to thank the IDEX team for really an outstanding quarter and positive future here. So, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Take care.
