Andrew K. Silvernail: I think this has been – this was an extraordinary quarter from a profitability standpoint. And the mix certainly did help us substantially. So, you got a few things that are happening here around mix. So the Trailer business from last year, which was a big chunk of revenue, was at a relatively low margin on a comparative basis. And so, so that not being part of it, Nathan, is certainly a piece of the story there. You've got Fire that's in there that really, that's a business. You go back to time, right? You go back in time and that's a business that was a low-teens op margin business, and it's now kind of a low 20%s, mid-20%s op margin business. So from that perspective, you have had a little bit of a reset there. And even within businesses, so if you go within BAND-IT, as an example, the products that were softer within BAND-IT for the quarter were the lower margin products, and the products that were stronger were higher margin. Same story within Rescue. So, it was both across businesses and within businesses that we had a pretty unusual product mix in the quarter. So, while I do think there is a modest reset, meaning higher overall margins for FSD, this really was a pretty unusual mix quarter. So, if we're looking at a 26% or so next quarter or so, wouldn't surprise me. But I don't think we're going to be at this level. That would be too ambitious.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. Again, it's – we don't – mix, typically is not a big piece of the overall IDEX story, but I do think that what we experienced here in the quarter was pretty unusual within Dispensing so – excuse me, within Diversified. So it's going to move around, Nathan, it's going to move around more than the rest of the company. Again, I would not take this as the new bar for Diversified.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So what I would say is what we saw – we definitely saw a slowdown in April, right? So we saw a slowdown in April. May was a sharp drop, and I'm really talking about FMT here. It was a pretty sharp drop coming out of distribution. And then, June as a total snapped back above the April levels, and I'm talking about orders here, snapped back above the April levels, really driven by the last two weeks, three weeks of that month. And then, July has kind of evened off to be consistent with where we thought it would be. So what I would say is, the level that we're running at now is more consistent with our total outlook, where May was where we saw significant destocking happen, and I'd say we're kind of back at run rates now.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. To some degree. So if you remember from the first quarter, we called out that we had seen CapEx generally come down versus our expectations. And – but what had happened in the first quarter is we saw the – about the larger stuff that we don't do a lot of, but we do some of it, had – we certainly saw a slowdown. But the book-and-term business had held up really nicely. The difference in the second quarter was that we really saw that book-and-term business slow down in April and May. That was the difference in comeback. I do think that overall, the industrial – industrial America is weaker today than it certainly was six months, nine months, 12 months ago, and I'm really talking about from an overall growth perspective. And I think certainly, oil and gas, the reverberations from oil and gas is touching the other industries, how our CapEx touches other industries. The thing that hasn't happened yet – if you remember, we talked about this at the yearend call, and we also talked about it at the first quarter call, it can take easily a year for the spending that gets driven by – into other parts of the economy to feed itself back through, so we knew there would be a lull. We knew there would be a lull, and if you expect – depending upon what your view is whether or not overall spending is going to make its way back to the industrial economy is kind of how you think about growth, I think starting in 2016. So I think the rate – the levels that we're at now, we should expect through the back end of the year. I don't see a stimulant in particular, on the upside. And so, I think we're running them – we're managing the business based on the kind of demand patterns we're seeing right now.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think philosophically, it changes our approach to M&A. We've always looked at a combination of bigger and smaller things. But something big has got to just make – it's got to be a slam dunk from a strategic and a financial perspective to risk the quality of a business that we have today. And so, we've always looked at those things, but almost always with a pretty skeptical eye generally. So I don't think it philosophically changes our approach to M&A. It does liberate me personally from a time perspective. Eric and I, we've been working together since Day One when I joined the company. We've got a great rhythm together. He's a terrific operator. And it absolutely gives me more capacity from an M&A perspective. And when we contemplated doing this, kind of in line with our annual strategic planning process, it was all about our confidence level in the quality of our business today and the foundation that we have, and the fact that we think we're ready to accelerate growth.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So I would say the surprise for us was really around some larger skid projects that we've seen in the Middle East coming out of some businesses that we have in the combination of Germany and Italy. And so – don't get me wrong, they have not been huge projects, but there has been a dearth of projects in that region here for – gosh, I don't want to say, 18 months now. And so, seeing that pick back up – and the team had expected that to pick back up in the back part of this year. So I don't want to overplay that. I don't think it's some giant rebound, but it was good news generally, and so we feel pretty good about that. On the U.S. side, the thing that was softer is the truck builds, from a mobile perspective, have been pretty strong, and we have definitely benefited from that in the midstream. And we expect that to get softer – certainly as you go into 2016, all indicators are that the truck build is probably going to be negative next year, and so that piece of the business will get hit negatively. We expect that to happen. However, on the aerospace side of it, or the aviation side of it, rather, we expect that to be pretty strong.
Andrew K. Silvernail: When it – relative to, specifically into energy and are we seeing price pressures, like everybody, we've gotten the letters that say, we'd love to see you reduce your prices. The beauty of the typical positioning that we have in terms of it being very, very high cost of failure, critical componentry is, we really don't typically end up having to give that price up, and we haven't yet had to do that that we've seen.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, I think our sweet spot is definitely in this $50 million to $200 million range. $50 million is big enough to have competitive relative scale, and that's important to us. So that $50 million to $200 million is definitely our sweet spot. That said, like I mentioned a few moments ago, we're always looking at some bigger things. And we certainly have the capacity to do it. We have both the balance sheet and the cash flow to accelerate M&A. Our funnel is good. Most of what's in our funnel tends to look like the things we've just done, generally. There are a few things that are meaningfully bigger. But as I said earlier, we tend to have – we tend to go at things of – that are big with a very skeptical eye, and so we'll continue to do that. And you should expect to see us continue to have the same discipline we have had consistently. In terms of where we're seeing them, it's a mix. It's a mix between really, across our different businesses and I really – I like what our funnel looks like generally, and I like the fact that it's pretty diverse.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. I actually think we're probably pretty close to that right now. As we do our quarterly operating reviews here within – usually within a couple weeks of the call. And what I would say is the team feels pretty good that as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter, that we're seeing a bottoming of that generally, and – which is good. That being said, what we're saying is manage really tight there just because you know how quickly things can move in that industry in terms of overall activity. So we're being cautious, but it does feel like we're closer to a bottom than certainly, I would have said 90 days ago.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, I actually – one of the changes, or one of the really good things that comes out of this organizational change that we announced is that not only does it kind of free up more capacity on what I'll call the cultivation and – I'll call it the deal side of acquisitions, right? It also frees up quite a bit of capacity on the integration side. And so, I feel really good about, if I look at the team that's underneath there, so to speak, their ability to build across that organizational structure, that was a big piece of how we thought about this change is, can we integrate meaningfully? One of the nice parts about the structure of our business as you know, Allison, just because you know the structure better than most, is that it allows us to do multiple acquisitions without taxing any one leadership team too much. So, all three of the deals that have been done have been in different parts of the business, and certainly, it wouldn't make us nervous to do another deal, actually in any one part of the three parts. I would not be nervous from a managerial perspective to go and put another business, another valve business as an example. That would not – I would not shy away from that because I think we've got the managerial capacity to do it.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I would say it's actually it's three things in particular. So Water is a big piece of it, no doubt about it. The team there has performed really well, and the municipal markets are up. So that's been – that's a positive story. New products has also been a big piece of the story. So we were at the largest show here in Europe two weeks, three weeks ago, three weeks ago, I guess it was, and we had a handful of new products that were really different than what you saw through the rest of the industry. And so products that are definitely growing and taking some share. So that's a piece of it. And then, the other piece is, you go back over the last three years or four years and we said we were going to cut and build, we said we were going to move some cash from different parts of the organization and invest in growth, and I think that's what is a big piece of that story there. So, honestly, we hadn't really talked about that. We didn't put it into our script and talk about it because it's hard to talk about your growth initiatives when it's negative, but truth be told, the – we have had a lower impact to the overall conditions because of some of the organic investments that we've been making.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. That's – it's one of our few business. We only have a few that are lumpy like that, where orders can be larger, number one, and number two, the lead times can be six months, nine months versus our typical days, or certainly within a quarter. And so, we – that lumpiness we can see, and we definitely look at the back half this year, we know kind of where things are, where order schedules are, so we know it's going to be softer in the back half.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, it – Mark, it's not a demand issue, it's a lead time issue. Yeah, all right? So imagine, you guys, you got a big pharmaceutical facility or large food facility or major project. Those things have long lead times. Hence, they're ordering equipment six months, nine months in advance of shipment. And – so that's just a relatively unusual type of business for IDEX.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, it's not like we're gangbusters, and so please, nobody take that away from that commentary. So really, what we saw was June overall being stronger than April and substantially up from May, and in the first part of July, holding that trend. So what I would say is, is May was very disappointing – April was disappointing, May was very disappointing, and I'm talking principally about FMT industrial side of things. And then June came back more in line with our expectations, and that's why we hold confidence in the balance of the year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: The cultivation cycle in our business, you get out of auctions, right? You just kind of talk about private transactions. But the cultivation cycle is just really long. These are private companies, a founder has built it. Not only do you have kind of the typical deal process, but you also have all the things that are involved in, in a family or a private transition. And so, timing can just be – things can just take time, and we've been working on all three of these for quite some time and they finally broke. And obviously, we signaled that we thought that was going to happen, and they did finally break. So, we did not pay an excessive multiple for any one of them. We feel very, very good, it's kind of in the spot where we think we will have great returns, yet we pay a fair price, and this is – those are the kind of deals that we really want to do. The overall market, I don't think the market's changed, except for maybe it's just kind of funny July 4 happens, and all the deal books show up. You can't help it but just kind of laugh at that. But I'd say generally, overall market conditions are pretty similar. The one thing you are seeing is you're seeing conversations around the energy space. You're seeing deal conversations either developing quickly or falling apart quickly based on the businesses, their financials, right? So we were in conversations with a lot of these things, and you're seeing some financials significantly change. And so, you've just got to be really, really careful around that. I still think we're probably two quarters away from, I'll call it rational expectations around valuation in that space. And then, we'll see kind of how this year plays out and the first part of next year whether or not we're right.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So the comps get – definitely get easier in the fourth quarter. And so, again, we're not seeing – we're not expecting a big acceleration of any kind on a sequential basis. The – as we said before, I think the third quarter is, call it zero to up 1%, plus or minus, and so we do expect that the fourth quarter will be a little bit better, but mostly off of some pretty easy comps relative to what we've seen the rest of this year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Bhupender, they're relatively evenly spread across most of the businesses. Obviously, there's some volume-based adjustments, given the lower volumes in some of the more industrial exposed businesses, but they spread across all three of the reported segments. The cost, we're estimating not to exceed – the restructuring costs not to exceed $8 million. Those will have a benefit, an annualized benefit that's better than that, and we'll call out more specifically what that is, as we complete those actions.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not – nothing specifically, because the actions, most of which have already been announced internally, kind of stagger through to the end of the year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, thank you very much, and I appreciate everybody joining us today. As always, we appreciate your support as shareholders. We think in a pretty difficult environment, that our teams are executing well, and we continue to push forward and make sure we that we close out the year and deliver for you, our shareholders. So, thank you again, and we will talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Heath A. Mitts: Yeah. Hey Joe, this is Heath. We did not guide it, but we would expect it to come in kind of flattish organic.
Heath A. Mitts: This is Heath. We – our position going into the year has held true to this point, which is about, on a gross basis, about positive 1 point of price. We don't break that down by individual platforms within the business, externally anyway, but we've been pleased with our progress on price in terms of holding that to this point in the year. And we would expect to hold it through the remainder of the year.
Heath A. Mitts: It's just gross. But given where inflationary pressures are this year, being lower than maybe historical norms, certainly the spread between what we see as inflation and what our gross price is has remained consistent with what we've seen in prior years.
Heath A. Mitts: Sure. Yeah. Just given where the step-up, the purchase price accounting kicks in, in terms of the asset write-up, and then the associated bleed-off relative to what the operating results will be from those businesses, on a GAAP basis, it pretty well washes itself out. Obviously, on a cash basis, it kicks in right away because those step-up charges are all non-cash. But from a P&L – from a bottom line perspective on a GAAP basis, it's pretty well a wash through the end of the year (45:55)...
