Andrew Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. Hey, everybody, I’m on slide 15. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we believe the next three to six months are going to be extremely challenging. Everyone will face the same uncertainty as we reopen the economy safely and execute environment, where COVID-19 exists and impacts operations potentially in waves. While we believe strongly in the IDEX business model and we’re very well-positioned, we acknowledge the challenges that we face across our business units. We expect revenue in the second quarter could be down as much as 15% to 25%. We know that some of our end markets will be significantly challenged, but those headwinds will be somewhat offset as we continue to deliver mission-critical components to essential customers worldwide. We’ve taken prudent actions to significantly reduce our discretionary cost across our businesses and the steps we took in the fourth quarter of 2019 have positioned us to react to a market that is significantly more challenging than we expected when we started the year. We are closely monitoring our markets and our businesses and we will react quickly to changes. To conclude, I’m extremely proud of how our employees have responded to this crisis. And even though the next 12 to 18 months will be challenging for all of us, I know that we will meet this challenge and come out stronger on the other side. With that, let me pause here and turn it over to questions from the audience. Thank you.
Andrew Silvernail: Good morning, Deane. Hey, it’s great to hear the IDEX team, and I’m wishing everyone the best. I appreciate the – all the details in terms of the potential scenarios this morning. And the first question really picks up where Bill left off on Page 14 on those scenarios…
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, you bet. So, first of all, that first look at the $120 million, that stuff that we are very actively putting our arms around and taking the cost out of. And obviously, you can see that it even impacted in a positive way to some degree in the first quarter, because we started those actions really as we are coming into February and early part of March, and so there’s some benefits there. So, we’re grabbing that lever already, and we’re grabbing it very aggressively, Deane. So that’s the first thing. One of the main priorities that I have going through this crisis is to maintain as much of the structure and the talent that we can in IDEX appropriately. And so, I’m willing for a short period of time to eat some of the incremental costing to maintain that talent base and to position the company well. That being said, as you know, we’re a very diversified and decentralized business. And so, you have companies that – some companies are absolutely growing in this environment and some are really taking it on the chin. And so, we’ll have to get the appropriate footprint in the appropriate places depending upon how much deeper and how much longer this goes. And – but our first priority is to certainly keep the integrity of IDEX intact as much as possible. So, I look at that that secondary group of actions, that the incremental $40 million as steps that we will take if we have to, but would prefer not to, Deane. In terms of decrementals, if you look at it on a sequential basis versus year-over-year, I think, that’s probably a good way to look at it. Obviously, we’re a very high contribution margin company. So, we’re – we have contribution margins in the low-60s. And so, if we can offset a good chunk of that and end up in the 40s or 50s without having to make massive structural changes to the company, we would do so within the short term. But obviously, in the longer-term, you’ve got to have the appropriate cost structure.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, some of that is in our control and some is not. In terms of overall playing offense, we’re doing some of it right now, Deane. We are – if you look across our businesses, those places where essential products are booming, so disinfection, many of our Health & Science markets, pharma reshoring, which we think is going to be a major trend. We’re playing offense now. We have redirected our people and investment and are making sure that we can first and foremost help with this fight but also make sure that we’re doing the right things for our shareholders, our owners. And so, some of that’s happening now. As it regards to M&A, there are really two challenges with M&A. First – the first one is having enough confidence in your own situation to deploy that liquidity in that balance sheet, and the second is that you have willing sellers. We are doing an awful lot of work right now on both sides of that equation. So let me talk about the liquidity side. So, there’s liquidity that is to survive that a lot of people are having to utilize. And at the end of this, they will have a stretched balance sheet in the very difficult circumstances. That is not our situation, and I don’t want it to be our situation. Our drive and why we have so much focus on this breakeven level of cash flow is because I want a balance sheet that is deployable – aggressively deployable as the world starts to settle itself. And so, if we can maintain this north of $1 billion of liquidity, as cash flows become more certain and the markets stabilizes, we will get aggressive, no doubt about that. Now the other side of that equation is who are the sellers. And so, as you can imagine right now, and you guys are talking to a lot of folks, that’s frozen – it’s just a frozen marketplace. I think it will take through a quarter or so for that to start to unfreeze when Boards of Directors and families are going to look at this situation and recognize that it’s going to take a while and that an attractive price in this marketplace might make sense. But I think it will take a little bit of time, Deane.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I’d – what I’d first say is that the 15% is our experience as March unfolded and what we’re seeing here in early April. And being a short cycle business, we certainly saw the reaction pretty quickly, both on the ups and the downs, by the way, in terms of the things that are struggling. The industrial businesses are certainly taking it on the chin, more so than other businesses. So if you look at FMT, that’s just going to be more painful there. You’ve got the combination of the coronavirus impact and then, of course, what’s happening in the energy world that that’s unfolding. So that 15% is what we’ve been experienced here for, call it, six, seven weeks, Mike. My view is, it’s likely to get worse than the 15%, and we see kind of slippage happening in a number of places that especially have more impact if you’ve got, say, if you’re in energy, you’re in transportation, those places, in particular, are really getting pounded and others are holding up. So I feel pretty comfortable with that range, Mike.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think one of the things that really works in our favor in this environment is our structure. It could be an impediment. We put that rapid response team in place very early on, because we knew that, that our decentralization and in terms of kind of how we’re structured worldwide, we knew that we could end up with kind of 45 different answers. And so there were certain things that you just couldn’t have 45 different answers on, and we’ve been able to move very quickly. In this case, in terms of playing offense, Mike, our structure helps us a ton, because the places that are really struggling with massive demand falloffs, you can isolate them specifically and you can start redirecting resources to things that are exciting. I’ll give you an example. So in the world of Health & Science, we have a significant demand for engineering right now because of all the new things that are developing, whether it’s from testing, which you’re seeing PCR tests take off that we’re helping with, we needed engineering and we actually redirected engineering from our business in rescue to help our business in Health & Science. And so we’re doing a bunch of things like that, Mike. So we’re definitely moving to those opportunities and moving people and resources. In terms of the big structural changes that they’re – I think they’re going to happen around a lot of things touching our Health & Science world. I think if I think about, say, the food, supply chain, that’s going to be an area that I think will be impacted. There’s a lot of talk of reshoring in terms of moving things out of more difficult or more risky environments. I think that will happen, that was already happening, but it’s not like a big boom, I think, it’s a relatively slow phase. But overall, I feel like we’re positioned well and our structure really helps us move to the areas where opportunity and demand are likely to be and move away from places they’re likely to be hit harder.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. It’s – I mean, we’ve clamped down so hard here that we’re not spending money on things that don’t have kind of a direct that aren’t essential, right? That $120 million is really clamping that down.
Andrew Silvernail: There is, to some degree, Scott, it is an amount. But more than anything else, it’s what we think the duration is going to look like, right? So if we’re going to reset the business, let’s just say, down 20%, let’s just use that number, just as an example. And you’re no longer a $2.5 billion company, you’re now a $2 billion company. You have to have a different cost structure, right, if you think that’s going to be sustained for a period of time. And so that’s what we’re really trying to evaluate is, what we think the duration and the depth is likely to be and it’s a combination of those two that would trigger us to look at the $40 million. We didn’t feel like we had to do that today. We felt like we should buy ourselves some time, and we have with the $120 million. And so we’ll continue to evaluate that, as you know, we took out a big chunk here. In the fall, we took out $15 million and we had another $5 million, which obviously we’ve gone and got. So we were – although, we hadn’t predicted this, we did predict a tough year. And so we went and proactively got that $20 million out. And so we’ll decide on depth and duration here as we go through this quarter to figure out whether or not we want to take out the other $40 million.
Andrew Silvernail: That’s right, Scott. And I want to be very clear Bill said that in his remarks, but just so everyone hears this correctly. We are not – do not use these as guidance for where we think the world is going. This is really, for example, only, and we’re trying to get a couple of messages across here and I think probably they’ve landed, but just in case. Message one was, there’s a lot that can happen in this world before we become – before we have a cash flow issue. And therefore, we don’t have a liquidity issue. We have tons of liquidity, but we’re not going to – I don’t believe we’re going to have to utilize that liquidity to stay afloat. I want to utilize that liquidity to play really aggressive offense. And so, hopefully, that came across the number one, we’re a great position from a cash flow standpoint; and number two, our liquidity is really being pointed towards playing offense from the moment is correct aggressively.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I’ll comment on this and then Bill, I’ll let you comment on it also. From – in terms of how we’re managing this, I think this in a couple of ways. The first one is inventory. We got to make sure it comes out naturally, as volume gets affected, right? And that is – that has been a winning move in any slowdown for us. And historically, we have taken out inventory, and that’s obviously had a very positive cash effect in any kind of slowdown. So you should expect us to continue to do that and take cash off the balance sheet, or cash out an inventory rather in – on the balance sheet. In terms of payables and receivables, my philosophy here is don’t be the bank, meaning, we can’t get caught between customers and suppliers. At the same time, I want to be very careful about not damaging customers and suppliers in here. So if we can end up neutral in that regard and really play that strategically, I think, that’s important. Obviously, we’ve got suppliers that we want to make sure they are healthy, they’re our partners, this is not a time to beat on them when they’re struggling, at the same time, we can’t finance them. And so, as our customers are coming to us and asking for a relief, we’re really weighing that against what we can do across the working capital spectrum. And so, we’re being pretty firm. We’ve got excellent service levels, we’ve got great lead times competitively. We’re not going to become the bank.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So I think – we’ve had a lot of things come out of us, Allison, in terms of opportunities that – where people have come to us on trying to help with very specific things relative to the COVID-19 crisis. And as we have evaluated those, we’ve been pretty careful. And what I mean by that is, what we don’t want to do is take a bunch of people and resources and shift them to something where the lead time is so long, that effectively when you bring your solution to bear, it doesn’t matter anymore. And so there are going be a bunch of boom and bust cycles in this – of different things that are coming to market, both because they’re very effective and then they’re just no longer needed, or they weren’t particularly effective and they wash away. And so we’re trying to avoid those kinds of things. And we’re trying to move the portfolio to things that are really about helping a fight, where we have capabilities and we can ramp really quickly. And I use the the mobile medical tents out of our Vetter unit in Germany. We sold more in the month of March and we sold as much in the month of March, as we sold all of last year. And so we’ve ramped that up. They’ve literally quadrupled their overall capacity here as we go through the – with the rest of this year. And so that, that makes a ton of sense. It doesn’t take any major investment or capability that we don’t have. So we’re moving to those sorts of things very aggressively. As we think longer-term, I think there are some trends here that are very natural for us. So obviously, around global testing that was already a trend that was growing and it was what we had positioned ourselves behind an IDEX Health & Science, and that is going to accelerate, I think, that’s indefinite. And what I mean by testing is testing to kind of anything and everything that analytical equipment is used for and biodiagnostic testing is used for. That stuff is just going to continue to grow very aggressively and we’re going to continue to position ourselves against that. And then things like, I think the pharma reshoring is the real deal. And so our material process business, as an example, will absolutely play in that. And I think that’s going to be a long-term trend. It’s going to take a long time for that to happen. But I believe that sort of thing is going to develop. And then you have kind of all those other trends that I think are going to get accelerated, because people frankly, have had to change their lives so much, that it’s going to be easier to move into some of these trends. I’m thinking trends like digitization, mobile communications, and how that impacts even, say, a viking pump, where the customer is going to become a lot more comfortable utilizing and expecting digital results and information-based results, and I think that will move some of those things forward faster.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, that’s a great question, Allison. And I think kind of moving from East to West in terms of how this has – this crisis has unfolded, we’ve been learning along the way and we’ve done a few things. So our Chinese businesses, they really lead the way here in creating protocols for safe working. And we have every single one of our plants is up right now. Not everything’s at full capacity, but even our places in Northern Italy are up and working. And I’ll give a lot of credit to that, because we learned very early on how to ramp down, how to ramp back up and how to work in an environment, where the virus is with you. And we’ve created a protocol and a playbook out of that. We then changed that and augmented that for different parts of the world. And we actually very soon, we actually shared that with the Mapi Group, the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity & Innovation, we shared with them that and they shared it with all of their members. And our team just did a great job putting that together. And so that that’s the basis of that and we’re continuing to learn. We also here, I guess, it was last week, we did a general managers call, a global general managers and site managers call and we had four of our general managers from Italy on that call, taking people through their experience. And I mean, the physical experience of what they’ve gone through the emotional side of it, how to keep people safe, we did a kind of a virtual lunch and learn for everybody around those learnings. And so one of the things that we’re trying to leverage here is the network effect of having so many sites around the world, where we can learn and share and get the best practices out in people’s hands. So we’ve been trying to do that really intently, Allison.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. So, Joe, I think as you know, we are principally a midstream player. And so we’re not really anywhere near the wellhead, for the most part, we have some things here and there, but not a ton. Look, across the energy business, which today is sub-10% of our total portfolio, we have an expectation that that’s really going to get hammered here. So far we haven’t had that – it hasn’t been as severe as we expected to be, but we are certainly seeing all of those indicators now on the order front. And so we’ll have to get our cost structure right and our overall footprint right to make sure that we can sustain there. We – I think everybody learned the lesson in 2015, 2016 that the overall impact of capital spending and how the energy economy impacts the global economy can’t be overestimated, right? It’s – that that’s going to be – obviously, it’s going to exacerbate this whole situation. And we’re going to have to make sure that our businesses are positioned correctly as we go forward. But thankfully, we’re not in the – on the wellhead and seeing some of these just ridiculous declines. And we will see declines, but it won’t be like we’re seeing upstream.
Andrew Silvernail: Joe, I think, that question as we move now through that, what I call Phase 3, is going to be one of the most important questions that we’re wrestling with, because when you think about a manufacturing facility, especially one that is principally assembly and test, I mean, obviously, we do have businesses that are more than that. But we tend to be like machining, assembly and test and we have a couple of businesses that have the foundries and that’s pretty unusual, though. In a world like that, obviously, we’ve all embraced lean manufacturing here for many decades. And the natural output of lean manufacturing is cellular manufacturing, which does not work with social distancing the way it’s constructed today, people are not six-feet apart. And so we’re already in the process of doing that is how do you see the elements, how do you keep the elements of lean manufacturing, which is the elimination of waste and bringing down lead times? How do you keep those while having the principles of social distancing in place, and that’s something that we’re working on. I know a lot of people are. And we’re not going to move to batch manufacturing. We’re not going to do that sort of thing and destroy three decades of great work. But it does change how people work and not just in the manufacturing environment, it’s going to change in the office environment, it’s going to change it how we interact with customers. So many things like that are going to change and tell people have that comfort to be closer together again.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, yes. So I think, as you look at, say, let’s look at FMT first. I think that, obviously, the whole agricultural space has been really beaten up. But I do believe that the food supply chains are going to be continued to be really critical. And I think that’s an overall a good trend as you talk about Ag in terms of where we play there. And that would be both for the material handling business, material process business and for Banjo. I put in both of those. Our ABS business, we are seeing some benefits of actually – there’s some very interesting analytics that can be done for what’s going on in sewer systems, believe it or not, I know that sounds incredibly strange. But there’s a whole bunch of modeling that – and analytics that are allowed to or can happen because of our ability to monitor those systems. So our ABS business, we think will probably hold up pretty well in there. And then I think that the more industrial facing, kind of general industrial is going to have a bunch of things that are pretty negative, offset by small things that are positive. So, example, if you’re selling into the chemical industry, obviously, there are some chemicals around disinfectants and things like that, that are absolutely booming. And then you have other things that are going into large CapEx that are likely to really struggle. So there are a few trends there over and diversified. On the Fire side, the – interestingly enough, there are a number of applications, where you can use some of that technology for disinfectant. So you’ll see some of that. You’ve got a really long – very, very long pipeline of – for – in the fire business for trucks in the U.S., particularly you’ve got over a year of backlog. What we don’t know yet is, whether or not we’ll see cancellations. We have not seen that yet, but we’ll have to monitor that pretty closely. The – we’ve seen in China the rescue business pick back up aggressively has slowed down as tenders slowed down and then has picked back up aggressively. And so I think those hold up. BAND-IT and dispensing both, I think, take it on the chin here in the short-term because of their exposure one, around the retail space and for dispensing and then for BAND-IT, you’ve got some exposure to transportation and oil and gas that will get hit, but other parts will do quite well.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I think FMT will fair – will be the most challenged and then diversified and then Health & Science.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. We’ve got a couple of businesses that we think are going to be down in that 40% range. Very few are – is that severe, but they – you do have a couple. And again, it’s energy, transportation exposure, we don’t have really hospitality exposure, so to speak, so we don’t have that. But we do have some businesses that are down there that much. And we expect we’ll probably in the next quarter or two, we’ll have that kind of impact. We don’t think that will stay long. And I think that to your your question, our experience in China has been a very, very aggressive snapback and – but it’s actually bifurcated. You have businesses that are kind of COVID facing, so to speak, that are helping with the fight, that are growing like crazy. And then you’ve got a few businesses that are kind of really in the dumpsters, but it’s actually come back pretty quickly. I don’t think that that’s the model for the rest of the world and for a number of reasons. Obviously, China has some very unique circumstances in how they are able to manage people and businesses and democracies just don’t have those tools. And that’s the cost of democracy, which is, I think, a good cost. And so I think it’s going to look a lot more like we’re seeing in Europe, which is, you’re going to see people starting to figure out how to live with this virus and figure out how can you still have social distancing, but get back to work, get back to friends and family. And so that means, it just takes longer, and that’s what we’re seeing certainly in Italy and that’s what I expect here. And just to be clear, our expectation here is that this is going to be fits and starts. I’m not someone who has bought into a super aggressive, everything gets fine in the fall sort of thing. I think that’s crazy talk. And I think we have to face the reality that’s in front of us. And what if we get lucky and for some reason, this goes away with whether or something else or a vaccine is found more quickly than we think, or you have very, very effective treatments. Great news. I don’t think anybody should bank on that, and I certainly wouldn’t manage the company expecting that.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, I agree with that. And so, look, when you had the financial crisis, our total business was down 14%. during that year right after that over the entire year. Our Health & Science business was down 5%, and I think our industrial businesses were down, say, 20% in those environments, which set itself off. We have a better portfolio positioning than we did then, meaning, it’s less cyclical and there’s more Health & Science in the mix. And so I feel good about that. So overall, I think, our portfolio and our positioning is pretty good. Albeit, there will be a couple of places that will get hit really hard.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I think historically, the municipal businesses have had 18 months to two-year lag time compared to other businesses. And that’s really driven by receipt, right, especially in the Western world. The – as you – as the receipts come in, that really sets the overall operating capital budgets. And so I expect there to be a little bit quicker reaction than you saw in the financial crisis. That – in the financial crisis, that took time, I remember that well, where the municipal businesses held up really well that we – as we went into that crisis. And then they started to really struggle as you got into 2008 – excuse me, 2010, 2011. It – that took some time for that to make its way through and then had – obviously had – has had a pretty strong overall run. I expect that will generally follow a similar path, although, I think it’ll be more. I think people act faster just because it’s been such a shock to the global system and everybody’s top of mind that municipalities are going to probably clamp down a little more quickly on their spending. I expect to see that, but I do think it will still lag the overall industrial economy.
Andrew Silvernail: Great. Thank you very much, and thank you all for being on the call. I know that we’re sitting in a time that has shaken us in many ways. And I think I’d like to close with a couple of comments. My first one is that, as I said in my prepared remarks, I could not be more proud of how the team here at IDEX has handled this. I have seen a level of collaboration and teamwork and positivity that – it really warms the heart. It’s just incredible. And when you see that, sometimes the news cycles have a tendency to get you down. And – but when you see how people are coming together in the real world and tackling this, it is awesome, and it’s why I’m in business. I believe that the purpose of business is to make life better, and I could not be more proud of the team at IDEX for what they’ve done. It’s just remarkable. Second, I’d like to say thank you to, everybody, who is on this call and your interest in IDEX. We – while the IDEX brand is not well-known in the consumer world, we play a very important role in a lot of places that really do matter. And that mission that I talked about trusted solutions and improving lives, we live that here at IDEX. And we’re seeing in this crisis in this fight with COVID-19 how important that is. And I want to thank the people who are investors in the company and prospective investors for your support, your partnership as we move through this, and we will move through this and we will get to the other side and we will have a very strong company that’s positioned extremely well. So thank you, everybody. I appreciate it and look forward to discussions as we go forward. Take care.
Deane Dray: …because Andy, I want to say for the past year, you’ve been asked about the IDEX playbook for a normal recession.
Deane Dray: So it’s just – the idea here, as you said, if things progress or get worse, it just feels like we’re already there.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. And then I just – I appreciate the four phases that you’ve laid out. And I don’t want to minimize how much heavy lifting, and frankly some pain to get through all four of these phases. But looking beyond into that new normal and maybe the idea of when you will start to shift to offense…
William Grogan: No, I think some of the items may be a little bit less in the second that would ramp up, but it’s close.
William Grogan: Yes. I would say, our price capture in the first quarter was in line with what we experienced for most of last year. And I guess, my only comment on the working capital piece is, there are some selective businesses that took some actions to target to build some buffer stock relative to supply chains in certain countries that were shutting down. So first quarter inventory performance was good, impacted slightly based upon some of those builds. And to Andy’s point, we fully anticipate to bleed that off here in the second quarter. But price capture is still strong across the portfolio.
William Grogan: I mean, obviously, we’ll hear more challenging as we go through the balance of the year, as customers are more impacted. But I think our core pricing initiatives that we have across the portfolio will remain positive. Does it come down slightly potentially, but overall, price costs still positive for us.
