Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet. So, Mike, I think there are three things that are really important. The first one is, where are we sitting in the cycle relative to kind of what a normal cycle looks like. And the issue that we've talked about quite a bit with folks is, we've got a very long overall cycle that we're bumping up against, but the industrial cycle is actually still pretty young. If you think about, we're just two years out of a really tough industrial recession. And so, I think that, overall, that kind of clouds the overall cyclical conversation. So, that's number one. Number two, the indicators within the business are really quite good, meaning, if you just look at the strength of our businesses across the board, it's – you're still struggling to find weak spots. And look, as you get further into this, you run into comps, you get into fourth quarter...
Andrew K. Silvernail: ...comps become more difficult. 2019, the comps become very difficult. That's just the reality of where we are. But the indicators of – are the markets healthy, are the geographies healthy, with some exceptions in emerging markets. But generally in the places we play, boy, it's hard to find a soft spot. And then you get into – I think the two items that I mentioned in my prepared remarks which are inflation and tariffs and, of course, the go hand-in-hand. And I think that that's the danger. I think that's where you have a dangerous potential of both rising inflation and a market rolling over at the same time, which is probably why our stock has traded down $26 in four weeks. But when you kind of – when you look at that, I think it does – it creates a pretty cloudy picture of what you would think would be strength in a relatively young industrial cycle. But these issues of tariffs and inflation have people concerned, right. They have customers concerned, they have suppliers concerned. And so, we are – as you would imagine, we've always said, we are – it's much easier for us to adjust to the upside than the downside. So, as you might imagine, we're being pretty tough minded about thinking about the future, we want to be prepared if anything does happen. At the same time, there's really nothing that would tell us that something negative is on the immediate horizon.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, our goal relative to price-cost is obviously to continue to have that positive gap that we've had historically, which has been 20 basis points to 40 basis points, and we still have that today. The – I can't see why we wouldn't continue, we've been on the front edge of pricing and we'll continue to do that as we go into 2019. The inflation side has ramped up a lot. We – if we saw inflation that was running at 20 bps or 30 bps of sales, if you just use that as a percentage of sales, a proxy, that's gone up to 80 bps or 90 bps recently, if you kind of look at those run rates. And so, then you add in the impact of tariffs and whatnot, and we still have positive price-cost, and it's our expectation to stay there. So, I don't think there's a reason why we're going to give up margin in terms of that relationship in total. So, I feel pretty good about that. As you go forward, I don't worry about peak margins if we continue to have a relatively decent growth environment, meaning, if we continue to see growth – underlying market growth in the 2% to 3% range and we can go get our couple hundred basis points on top of that, we're going to flow through, right, we're going to see flow through that's in the 30% to 35% range. The flow through on this quarter was pretty hot, as a matter of fact, little bit hotter than you really like it to be, frankly. But we'll still be able to produce at that level. And the reason that I don't think we're going to hit a threshold like maybe a lot of companies are going to hit in this environment is that, we still have a lot of room between our contribution margins and our operating margins, right. So, we're not hitting a threshold where we need to now put in a bunch of fixed costs that are going to naturally depress overall, the overall margin profile. So, we still have that gap, and so incremental volume still flows through at pretty attractive rates.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So, we're north of 1 point, Deane, and that will get a little bit better here in the fourth quarter and we expect to be a little bit better into next year. With the total inflation also inching up and we'll keep that 20 bp to 40 bp positive gap.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's not perfect science, Deane. We are literally going line item by line item to do it. But then you have all of the other impacts, the second derivative impacts that happen that you can't kind of factor into it. But that's what we see is going to hit our P&L flowing through material cost and into the business.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Second half of the next year, yeah. So, I guess, the direct answer to your question is no. I always sit back and think about what's the – what are the smartest things to do to drive overall long-term total shareholder return. And to me, that becomes a little bit of a fictional issue of building cash or not building cash, right, we want to do the right things, if I don't have something better to do with it, I'm better to build cash. And so, if we got – if we found ourselves with an inordinate amount of cash three years from now, maybe we're having a different conversation, but I don't believe we'll be there. So, if we pass it in 2019 and we're in a net cash position, I'm okay with that for a period of time.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So, it's actually – we had some relatively large project, order activity that ended up hitting in the third quarter that we thought was going to go in the fourth. And so – and you know, we kind of see this periodically in that business, it doesn't happen to us a lot. So, we had a little bit better revenue here in the third quarter and we'll be a little bit lighter in the fourth quarter because of it
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, that's probably fair, but that – look, this is very exciting. We're going to officially open the building, we have operations going there, but we're going to officially open that building here in a few weeks. And it's a big deal, right. When you look at what we're going to have there in Rochester around optical capability that's going to be best-in-class and our ability to continue to win content on new programs worldwide, this is a great win for us.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's an interesting thing, and I think I said something similar in the last call. But what people are saying and what people are doing aren't necessarily the same things. And so, what do I mean by that? So, there is a lot of chatter out there about what inflation and what tariffs mean and the risk to overall demand, there's clearly a lot of chatter out there in the customer base and supply chain, et cetera. And I think where you could see that play itself out is, if you saw project activity slow down, right. So, I don't expect to see the book and ship, the book and bill business, that's been pretty steady. The real driver in changing demand over the last two years, yeah, clearly book and ship business has gone up, but you've seen project activity pick up. And I think where the risk is, people go, okay, wait a second here, I'm going to push off my decision-making until I get clarity. That to me is a real risk. We haven't seen evidence of that yet, Scott, to be clear, but that is something that we're really looking out for. And the problem with things like that is, it can move, that stuff can shift pretty quickly. It can get pushed out of when you think it's going to go to being pushed into the future. And so, it's something that we're keeping our eye on. But if you just look at the overall book and bill business, it's in the industrial world, it's solid, I mean, it's good. And so, as we go through the quarter here, I think we'll know by the middle part of November – I think we'll know by the middle part of November, as you get close to Thanksgiving, of whether or not anybody starts getting happy feet around some of the stuff. So, to your point, we're still a short cycle, we don't have an insight into that today except to say that our business looks good, but that's the thing that we're going to be watching out for as we get into the – deeper into the fourth quarter.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Peter, I actually think it's going to have the opposite effect in the near term. I think some of the things that have been coming to market might end up with more pressure than the sellers would have liked, and it may actually make them hesitant. I'm hoping that people find religion relative to valuations. But I think, if anything, it might actually put a little bit of a pause on some folks who have pretty high expectations. Now, that being said, if we get something sustained, then you'll start to normalize, right, you'll get things to normalize a little bit. But you got to get off the sugar high that's existed here for quite some time and get into some level of realism. So, I think it's going to take some time for that to play itself through.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. To be clear, Allison, the supply chain issues that I was talking about are specific to Fire, and they're actually specific to the Fire OEMs who are our customers. So, we're able to deliver to them, but they're having other issues relative to supply chain that's slowing down a shipment. So, you're seeing the backlog build substantially in that customer base. So, that just did – the fact that it slows down our ability to roll that business. So, we'll see their ability to pull out of that, but they have a huge backlog. If you look at the main truck builders in the U.S. in particular, they've got a big backlog.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think so. I think actually if you – any volatility in the near-term is going to be positive if they get better at shipping. But I don't think you're going to see them increase by 10% or 20% their volume coming out of their factory. So, I think it's going to be marginal.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, Andy, you talked about – a little bit there about that your kind of worst fear of what could happen in the macro economy here as being kind of a stagflation environment or recession with inflation in it.
Andrew K. Silvernail: But if you got that, could you – I think we would keep it. Certainly, if you look at it in a year-long window, I don't think we'd go negative, and I don't believe there's been a time in IDEX history when we have. Would there be – would it be really tight? Yeah, it'd be a lot tighter. But that would work itself out in a matter of a quarter or two. I don't believe there's any environment that would be sustained in a way that we get behind that curve for any meaningful period of time.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, I think – so, let's – for a second, let's separate tariffs and other inflation, and then obviously they come back together in total inflation. But, in what I'd call a core inflation, that's actually starting to stabilize. So, if you look at what's happening with supply and demand generally in our market spaces, you're seeing that stabilize. The wildcard that destabilizes all of this is tariffs. And I think that, if you look at what's going to be enacted on January 1, assuming that it happens, there is another impact that I think is pretty meaningful. And then, where I get concerned are, what bullets are left in whose guns and how our actors going to behave based on that. And so, given the fact that certain actors don't have many bullets left, they can start to work with regulatory issues, they can start to work with the ability to slow down permitting and stuff like that, right, that also turn into inflationary issues. And so, my point of view is that, as we go into 2019, assuming that the demand environment is essentially what we have now that the incremental inflation is going to be tariff-driven and that's just – that's a wildcard because we just don't know how people are going to – we don't know if people are going to be rational or irrational, we just don't know.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So, generally, if you look at it, our – China and India were very strong for us. But I would put the vast majority of that strength on our ability to execute. China has been a terrific turnaround story for us here in the last 12, 18 months, and has driven really nice growth. The U.S. would be next, and then Europe has softened. It's still positive, to be clear, but it has softened compared to what we were seeing earlier this year, late last year. So, that's how I kind of rack and stack them. In terms of China specifically, I do think that the underlying conditions have softened. I don't think we're going to see it in a big way in our numbers just because I think we've got a lot of initiatives that are going to continue to drive growth for us here in the near-term. But when you talk to folks in China and you see the underlying conditions, it is pretty clear that that has softened, and there is a lot of concern, right. When you talk to people independently in China, there is a lot of concern about the overall slowdown that they are experiencing.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. Muni has softened generally and that's very susceptible to government spending. So, that's one. So far, the more cyclical businesses, so I'm thinking oil and gas and chemical, those have been really good, and we haven't seen indicators, but those – back to Mike's question early on, those are some that can pause pretty quickly with slowing down projects. So, we've got our finger on the pulse of that pretty carefully. But there isn't – I would not say that a singular industry that jumps out other than maybe Municipal.
Andrew K. Silvernail: We did see a little bit of behavior early in the quarter that we can't demonstrate it. We can't prove it, but it did look to us like folks were accelerating some buy in the July and August timeframe. We did see some of that, but again, because so much of what we do is configured, that's a harder thing to do in our business generally, but we do think we saw a little bit of that. And, yeah, could we see that pre-January? We could, we could. But I don't think – you're talking a point or two here or there, it's not five points.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So, on the oil side, you got to remember, again, where we play. We play more in the midstream, and as you recall, we knew that that business was going to be kind of later in the overall pick-up, and that has been the case. The two places we're seeing at the most are really our LC and our Corken brands. Both of those have had a nice run here this year and real strength in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue. The overall truck builds for LC have been good. And our Corken business, they're benefiting from the market, but they've also done a great job in terms of some new products and their ability to serve customers that I think is differentiated. So, I think they're winning some share there. In the overall chemical markets, really no change. I think you're seeing the CapEx that we hadn't seen in some time. The book and bill business is stable and we expect it to be, and it's going to really all be driven by what happens with CapEx.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So, our view is that the Muni market in the Western world is moving to a low-single-digit, more normalized growth rate after a pretty good run here. And so, we think that we're looking at that low-single-digit growth as we go into 2019 and even further out as we think about our own strat planning period. And all the data around it suggests whether it's tax receipts or the projects that we're seeing, everything supports that point of view. Obviously, in the U.S., enforcement is at an all-time low, and so we don't expect to see a pick-up from anything in that regard. And so, we think we've entered into a pretty normalized environment that gets impacted by the overall economic condition. So, if the overall economy remains relatively good, I think we see this kind of 2-ish-percent growth in the markets. And if we get a pick-up, that picks up a little bit, but I don't think it moves in a big way from either side of that growth rate.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So, if you look, we don't have a large concentration in semi. You're talking about a few points of our overall business. But we've had a great run there. If you look at our Seals business, if you look in our Pump businesses, we've had a really, really nice run with semiconductor here. Part of it's been the overall strength of the marketplace, and then, we've continued to take market share. And so, it's been a good new story for us. Our expectation has been and is that there's been so much capacity that's come on that you're going to have to, even though you have the secular growth story, which I do think is real, right, the secular growth story in the semiconductor world I buy into, but I don't buy into the idea that it's not cyclical. And so, I just – I think we're going to – we're seeing some of the digestion of all the CapEx that's come on, I think growth rates will slow, and if there's a little bit of a cyclical downturn, won't surprise me. But I think the overall secular story is a good one.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think, we have stepped it up some, Charley, and – but it hasn't been – it's not a new thing. If you went back even a couple of years ago, we called out some incremental investments when we guided for the year that surprised people a little bit. And I think the work that we have done around segmenting our businesses to really better understand those applications where we have real advantage and we can really grow in a faster way within segments, we've done a better job of doing that, and the capital and the people investments have moved disproportionately to those things. And so, it's kind of great, as we're looking at our strategic plan here for the next three years, we've been through that here in the last couple of weeks, it's really fun to see a larger number of bigger bets that we're making, and capital and organization that are aligning with those. And so, when I think about our ability to outgrow our markets by couple hundred basis points, forget about – you can pick the market growth rate that you want, can we or can't we do that? I have increasing confidence that we can do that. So, if we end up with a – in a 2% world in 2019, boy, I hope we can deliver 4%, and then you can kind of go from there. So, I feel good about the actions and the alignment, and we're really at multiple years into this journey already, so it's not like we're starting from scratch.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think any, Tristan, yeah. We – the only places that we really have a good piece of visibility into that is really in our FMT business, mostly around industrial distribution. And if you look at where we get POS and the sell-through rates, it indicates that we're in pretty good shape. I don't think there's been a large buildup. We don't – our distributors don't stock a lot of stuff anyway. So, I don't – we don't kind of get a lot of benefit or a lot of – or a hit on the head when you see those things bump up and down. So, generally, I feel pretty good about it.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Tristan, for us, when I think about segmentation, it is an alignment of all of your resources. So, number one, it's a clear choice of where you want to play and where you have an advantage. So, you're aligning sales, you're aligning application engineering, you're aligning new product development, and then obviously your ability to serve is aligning too. That to me is the key. So, it's not just one piece of the organization, it's around segmentation, resource allocation, and our ability to focus an application at a time that I think allows us to differentiate.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thank you very much, Sherry. Well, first of all, I want to thank all of you for your interest in IDEX. We're obviously living in a pretty volatile time that we're all looking at. But I feel great about our company. We have – we've built a team here across our 7,000 people that understands how to deal with any of these environments, so whether things are moving at an accelerated pace forward or we hit an air pocket, either one, we know how to run this business, it's an exceptional business, it's well-positioned to deliver outperformance, and I feel very good about that. And with that, I want to thank the folks at IDEX. This is a great team of people who consistently deliver day-in and day-out, and I want to thank everybody. And then finally, just before we go, being a Mainer at heart and growing up in New England, I got to say Go, Red Sox. So, thank you very much, everybody. I look forward to talking to you in the next 90 days.
William K. Grogan: Yeah, it's – hey, Deane. This is Bill. It increased in the third quarter versus the second quarter. We were at around 1 point in the second quarter. We've elevated that, and our expectation, it's going to continue to increase here into the fourth quarter. That's primarily due to inflation from just a material and wage perspective, it's flattened out sequentially, and the incremental drag we have is really the additional tariffs we've seen. So, the incremental pricing is really out there to offset that tariff run rate as that escalates here into the fourth quarter.
William K. Grogan: That is the direct impact and what we can calculate on the indirect impact is our supply chain is fragmented with their purchasing from overseas.
William K. Grogan: Yeah, I would say, within the spend, FSD is really where there is a little bit of the Q4 pull into Q3, and it's about $5 million from Dispensing and about $3 million from the Rescue business. So, if you calibrate it, the organic growth, if you – between the two quarters would be 8% and closer to 7% in Q4.
William K. Grogan: Hey, Scott, it's Bill. That's primarily related to, we opened up the Rochester Center of Excellence that we've been talking about. And the final building moves were completed – two out of three were completed within the third quarter which was a significant amount of the incremental expense.
William K. Grogan: No. I think, as we went through and a lot of the capital investment's really around new product development tooling, where we've done a build-out of a couple engineering labs across the organization, cleanroom capacity in some of our higher tech businesses. And then, the last piece, obviously, there's a significant part of growth, but we have talked a lot about productivity through new equipment relative to addressing labor shortages across the portfolio. So, we have retooled a couple sites with increased machine capacity to address skilled labor consolidation within various markets. So, I think it was probably two-thirds growth and a third of some of that productivity capital that will help us in the next year, too.
William K. Grogan: Yeah, exactly. So, we raised our guide, it was around $45 million. It's going to be a little bit over $50 million for the year now, and the pension expense at $10 million. That reconciles back to 110% of free cash flow.
William K. Grogan: ...if there is a downturn, because they're going to work off that backlog as the macro economy slows.
William K. Grogan: And for anyone who did try to put an annual PO in to get ahead of anything next year, we didn't let them do that. We consolidated the amount of time they were going to be able to buy ahead on purchases.
