Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. 2022 was a record year for IDEX. We experienced double-digit organic growth every quarter, driving all 3 of our segments to record sales levels and achieved strong record profitability, driven by solid execution. This year was not without its challenges. We experienced unprecedented inflation as well as a difficult supply chain environment. Despite these obstacles, we achieved some of the strongest financial results we've ever posted. I'd like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their efforts and hard work. We also deployed more capital than ever before, investing in our businesses, acquiring new ones and returning capital to our shareholders. We deployed a record $950 million for the acquisitions of Nexsight, KZValve and most recently, the Muon Group. We reinvested back into our core business to increase capacity to support growth and drive productivity and made investments in the commercial engineering and M&A resources that enable us to execute on our best opportunities. We also repurchased 795,000 shares of IDEX stock for $148 million as we followed our opportunistic disciplined approach to buybacks. As we turn to 2023, we are prepared to build upon a very solid foundation. We have strong backlog positions overall, and we continue to leverage innovative technologies to drive targeted growth opportunities. We have healthy price carryover in addition to new price actions to capture the value our products bring to our customers. Finally, we have an opportunity to drive strong productivity as we bring process-driven normalcy back to our operations through the application of the IDEX operating model. However, we're a short-cycle business and with that comes limited visibility. The broad-based supply chain constraints experienced last year have created some new dynamics around order patterns and customer delivery timing. And we predict that 2023 will be an uncertain period of transition as we dynamically calibrate with our customers. Additionally, there are likely to be pockets of demand softness due to a variety of intersecting economic and geopolitical factors. Regardless of these challenges, we will execute and deliver growth above-market entitlements. The short cycle and decentralized nature of our business supports quick adaptation and alignment to shifting conditions. And we will course-correct quickly and effectively when needed. Our balance sheet has ample capacity to support our M&A strategy as well as organic reinvestment. Our extended M&A and strategy team continues to build conviction around our best opportunities, and our funnel is strong and of high quality. We've also identified areas where we will deploy capital organically to expand capacity, capture market share and drive operational productivity. IDEX had a strong finish to an outstanding year in 2022. Our agility, resiliency and our fundamental ability to execute has IDEX exceptionally well positioned to outperform as we move forward.  With that, I'll turn it over to Bill to discuss the outlook for our segments on Page 7.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, Slide 13. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to wrap up with a summary of our 2023 focus areas. First, we are refocusing our efforts on a foundational set of practices and tools that link us together the IDEX operating model as we exit 2 intense years of double-digit organic growth within an environment of temporal barriers and obstacles. This is a year to double down on the core execution elements that make us an excellent company. The use of daily management, monthly business reviews, goal deployment and other tools have long been a source of efficiency, innovation and growth for IDEX as market conditions, particularly within supply chains, begin to return to historic norms, we must seize the opportunity to optimize our process-driven fundamental business practices to best support future growth and outperformance. Second, we are committed to growing our talent at an even faster rate to fuel future IDEX growth. Our excellent execution is led by incredible leaders around the world who are committed to our core values to developing top-performing talent and creating an inspiring company culture that attracts and retains the best people. Diversity, equity and inclusion continues to be an area of focus, creating environments where people feel they belong and are comfortable bringing their true selves to work each and every day. One talent note I want to address is the recent departure of Melissa Aquino. If you recall from our last session together, I introduced her as the new leader of the FMT and FSD segments. Melissa made a difficult decision to go back to a previous employer to take an opportunity she felt she could not pass up. We wish her well in her new endeavors and continue the search for her replacement. In the meantime, the gap has allowed me to step in, get closer to our businesses and spend time with an outstanding group of business leaders. Lastly, we've deployed $1.5 billion over the last 2 years on high-quality growth businesses, and we look forward to deploying additional capital in 2023. Our M&A teams have made tremendous progress identifying compelling portfolio extensions. Our funnel is in the best shape it's been over my tenure at IDEX and our strong operating cash flow and balance sheet put us in a great position to continue to capitalize on those opportunities. Although the short-term economic picture might be uncertain, I could not be more excited as I consider the next few years of our story. I believe we're headed into an extended period of growth and above-market performance fueled by a combination of technology-driven tailwinds and our own high-quality business potential. Our businesses are first rate, our teams are outstanding, our culture is special.  With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And that's probably the area with the best example. We're coming off an environment where a lot of even the best intentional processes kind of turn into chasing things, looking for parts and waiting for the truck to come in at noon, all of that kind of stuff. So as that moderates and gets better, we just want to be intentional to make sure that we're going back and putting in those process-based fundamentals, the right people in the right room, having the right kind of conversations. That's actually how we're going to -- we frankly made a nice turn here in the fourth quarter on inventory. We got a long way to go, but we're really excited about that potential for us moving forward. But I think it's just -- I think everybody should be very thoughtful of recognizing that the way things have worked the last couple of years, if you're not intentional about reorienting it back to something that operates in a higher plane, it's going to lag. And so we're taking that opportunity.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean there's definitely some of that in there. I think, as you know, we're kind of low on the food chain. We do a lot of component work for people who then turn it into subsystems in terms of the final system. So at any point, along that food chain, there's the potential for accumulation and then frankly, the normalization of it along the way. I think what we're thinking about, though, is when you think of how order patterns are generated many of them are actually done in an automated way. There actually isn't a lot of human intervention. And the two factors that drive it, the most are, of course, lead times and whether or not they're pulling in, and we're seeing that. We're seeing that kind of across the supply base. We're experiencing as well. A factor a lot of people don't consider as much though is volatility or variability. And so even when lead times are pulling in, if you still have an inability to count on it, it will tend to keep driving higher demand requirements throughout the system. So we're kind of monitoring both of those. And as any one of them comes to something more normal, almost always, you're going to see an impact on that on the other side for a short cycle business like ourselves. I don't think it's a massive number because, as you say, most of the things we make are customized and they don't stock well anyways. But we're coming off a pretty robust time here. I do think this calibration matters. It will play out over time through much of IDEX. Again, I think the focus for us is to understand it make sure that our own inventory positions and resources are calibrated right, but then be very, very focused on end market demand, what's driving that, what's the actual consumption rate on the other side because that ultimately is what you want to dial in to.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Sure. I mean, I would say, in general, it's improved a lot and pretty close to where we were in 2019 with a few commodity exceptions. I'd put probably put electronics still at the top of that list. But frankly, we're not the most electronics intensive business. So it matters, but it's not widespread across the company. I think I would also remind everybody on the call, we have a lot of local supply. So we're typically dealing with people we've known a long time that are not far away all through the kind of the worst of it. In many cases, we were helping them. We were kind of sending people over to figure things out, help improve their flow. It's those kind of relationships. So -- and given that, that sort of topology, these are the kind of companies that can course correct a little better and generally have. I would say we're not yet normalized to 2019 levels all across IDEX. We're definitely past the halfway line. So depending on how the year plays out, you could see us basically articulating a normal condition, I think, closer to year-end, certainly as we begin the next year, absent any other force that we can't see.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say, Deane, it's still pretty early. I mean everything we're kind of talking about here near term that there was some exposure in Q4 and some carry into Q1. That's very much a temporal condition and otherwise very active and strong markets where you can see, hey, people are taking a pause for all the reasons that you just suggested. Those bellwethers that we have on the industrial side, most of which their order side is coming through the small order flow side, honestly, those are holding up. We're simply, in some cases, projecting that if you combine a couple of things, we kind of know where those inventory levels are, we know how they think about planning, we know where we are from a lead time perspective. We're saying at some point, we expect we'll have some of that moderation there, but it really isn't in front of us as we sit here today. And then back half of the year is more of a macro call than anything else as we think about kind of floor and top end of the range for all of IDEX. So I think your question is helpful because it helps us kind of parse that we'll at least put out there, hey, we're seeing some of these things from an early indication standpoint, but most of them are in a temporal spot. We can imagine some things that would be bigger pieces of IDEX, more industrial in nature that would kind of follow the same calibration. And then ultimately, like everyone else, we're kind of thinking about where does the future go back half of the year, it's more of a macro question.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, I think the first question, I wouldn't say that those businesses in the HST world, have more inventory. I would say that they have more sophisticated planning. I think that we've typically seen in any cycle, there's just -- they're bigger organizations, they're a little bit more formal, they're usually a little quicker to react to cycles. And when they do it, that's a more of a concentrated industry anyways. So it tends to be kind of amplified that way. So there's nothing that tells me that somehow that they're sitting on more than anywhere else. And it's in any way, frankly, unusual from some other patterns we've seen when things change. So I'd say that's number one. Remind me again on the second question, I want to make sure I get the exact essence. You talked about supply chain confidence.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, again, I think, think of it as 2 variables. One is lead time compression, that's absolute. And I think people are seeing that. They're seeing that quoted to them when they call and ask about things. I would say the second component that I mentioned that is important, though, is the performance against those quotations. Neither one of them yet are kind of back to where they need to be. They're both improved, but they both work together. And frankly, that second piece, the one about sort of assurance and delivery against commitments, has a huge psychological impact. And I think it's one of the -- I think it's actually the more powerful of the two. So if people say, hey, it's still longer, but I know I'm going to get it exactly want to ask for it, they'll actually make that move in a more fundamental way. If they're still getting surprised from time to time, that tends to fuel a little bit of this. I'm going to keep some things, I'm going to protect some things. So both are moving. And as we continue to talk through the year, you'll hear us talk about both sides of that.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean -- so in general, our story is a good one here. I mean we've had some good performance over the last couple of years, some great businesses we brought in. I've talked from time to time about the intention of work we've done to sort of build strategic conviction in a really, really formal way that contributes to the basic business intelligence that we have from all the businesses across IDEX. So the things that we control are in a great spot. As we think of them engaging with the outside world, we've always been careful to help people understand that we're fishing in a very high-quality universe that I think, in some ways, holds up and it doesn't move around as much in terms of valuations and even timing of transactions, particularly to do this work well. So -- on the PE front, they're often competing with us for properties like this. They too are attracted to companies like this. And I will say it's probably a little less activity competitively there or people that have been able to raise funding and be in the game. But we've long aspired with this work that we're doing to sort of be ahead of that anyway with cultivation on a proprietary nature, talking to people that we meet at the trade shows, those kind of things so that we're not actually in kind of a classic bake-off with lots of people anyways. It's an efficient market, so it doesn't always happen when it does. I think the dynamic around PE activity is absolutely true. Valuations overall still pretty rich because, again, we're looking for high-quality companies like the last 3 that we've brought into the business.
Eric Ashleman: No. I mean, as I said just a minute ago that we're still looking for high-quality properties. Those valuations tend to hold up over time. because of the long track record usually predating our conversation and the expectation you'll have a good trail on the other side. I just think from an availability front, we've got more than ample capacity, even though we've deployed a lot over the last 2 years. The great part of being IDEXX is we generate that capacity each and every day. And then I think our targets, we really have not changed. We kind of are comfortable with a band of about $0.5 billion to $1 billion. And if long considered that to be a good target for us here in the next couple of years, sort of regardless of the cycle and they're generating all the right work to go realize that.
Eric Ashleman: And then really past that, I mean, we did say there's some customer points that we have that they don't have that over time, we think, are interesting and we could exploit those. And that's very interesting things on the kind of codevelopment fronts, but the cycle of those are going to be further out in the future. So this always kind of was a game of capitalizing on the near-term strength and success of that business in those markets with sort of this additive element that we're going to work over time to enrich it with all the IDEXX assets.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, not so much within the IDEXX topology and things like that. I mean some certain things we do to leverage back office and being part of the company. But it's not kind of a classic story of us kind of putting things together and moving plants around. The -- as you often see in businesses like this, I mean a lot of that technology is resident in people. I think the single biggest lever that we anticipate pulling here absent that 1 is 80-20. I mean it's just the implementation of that model. And I can absolutely assure you their profile is very IDEX-like out of the gate, which means there are opportunities there to streamline and simplify it.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean it's -- of course, it manifests itself across a series of franchises and very kind of different technologies that we have. So I would probably just roll back to very, very positive. The quote activity has been strong here at the end of last year continues into this year for all of the dynamics that you're citing, everything from EPA funding and enforcement possibilities, which has always been a catalyst for the businesses that we own now. as well as broader infrastructure support over time, which always takes a little longer to land but also has a potential to extend some of the growth time frames that we're thinking about into the future. So we're well positioned. We're continuing to kind of work those assets together. And then -- and this is an area of focus for us as we think about deploying some capital to.
Eric Ashleman: Absolutely. We always think of investing and investing for the future and investing to grow. One of the great things about a company like ours, though, is we can move things around sideways. -- a lot to help us kind of hit the lower end of that range and still make the right choices for the right businesses. And so whenever you see us talking about stuff like a 0, it's actually still very dynamic here. it's just to be candid, we would take businesses that are in softer parts of the universe, and we would quite intentionally like pull those down, lead them out a lot. And redistribute those costs elsewhere to parts of IDEXX that are stronger, sometimes literally taking the same people. and putting them over in stronger parts of IDEXX. So we actually have that nice optionality down at the lower end of the range, but keeps it all moving and allows us to kind of weather a storm if it happens.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining and listening to our story. And I know there were a lot of moving pieces there in an environment that's got some pluses and minuses and things that are playing out. So I'll keep this really, really simple. I want to, again, thank all the folks from IDEXX. 2022 was a great year. I mean really, really outstanding year, incredible growth, focused on the right things, getting capital to work, and we grew our people, we grew our culture. I think 2020, this is going to be an equally great year, and it really sets us up for the future to come. We talked a little bit in my last framing comments there about the power of execution. We're really excited about that. We think we've got a chance here to go establish even a little bit more competitive advantage as we jump on this and recalibrate to the world to come. So we're all over it. We're doing that actively. And then just as passionately, we've got a number of teams that are thinking about the future, what comes in 5 years, what comes in 10 years, and we're going to make the choices that we have to to capitalize on those too. So -- thanks for your support and interest, and have a great day.
William Grogan: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we talked to the third quarter inventory stabilized. It wasn't a detriment to cash flow. Here in the fourth quarter, it added about $20 million of free cash flow, the movement we made on our position, and we continue to see that momentum. I think we've got line of sight to a half a turn to a full turn of inventory improvements as we progress through the year. It will be a significant driver of our cash flow performance as we go from, obviously, less than historical averages on our free cash flow conversion to last year being 100-plus percent, which will yield somewhere between 30% and 40% increase in free cash flow year-over-year. So I think that's a huge win as we progress through the year.
William Grogan: Yes. I think we're generally first half, second half is fairly close, 49, 50, 51, 49, something like that. So this year, I think the implied guide is a stronger first half with volume starting to decline in the back half. We've got pretty strong price carryover and price capture that will put in place here in the first quarter that will carry at least the price side. And then just the implied volumes in the back half are down somewhere between 2% to 4%.
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think that's well said. I mean it's a recalibration year, just like we had dynamic recalibration on the way up and recovery from the pandemic and supply chain issues and things like that, stimulus. Now we -- I think we're going to be returning to more normal patterns. But given the nature of IDEX, that's liable to play out at differentiated rates. So we see some more of it, as you'd expect, in some of those OEM-centric markets within HST, where we're a lot closer to the customer. It's more high velocity anyways. And you can see a bit of a pause there to take a breath, take some inventory out of their system. And then those are healthy markets on the other side of them. Some of our industrial businesses that are a little further away from the end customer, lots of distribution between us and them, lots more fragmentation. I think you'll see some of those same things play out over time, but probably a little further down the road. And so what we're kind of expecting here is that from a high level, you'll see things return to more normal rates were off in the backlog or the order rates and the sales rates are pretty tightly linked for us, unless we're sort of beginning or ending the cycle. But I think that what's a little unusual here is just the way it will play out. The nature of it, given just the differentiated pockets of IDEX, and so we're prepared for all of that. What we're trying to do on one side is look at it, adjust to it, course correct, but then always looking on the other side so that we don't over interpret something in the short end. Think it means something that's sustainable for 2, 3 years when it doesn't, and we keep resources aligned in places that have the best growth prospects for us.
William Grogan: Yes, exactly. HST on the high end of the range, FMT in the middle and then FSD at the lower end of the range.
William Grogan: Yes. I think there's 3 things there, Deane. One, we continue to face some of the inefficiencies. We talked about here as we progress through the back half of the year. Some of those businesses have grown 20% and still calibrating on some of the manufacturability of some of this cutting-edge technology that they have. Two was some mix within the portfolio. We talked about some of the short-term OEM pushouts. A lot of that has been kind of our book and ship components that are higher margin. And then the last one, just the addition of Muon, they were only in the portfolio for a month. They were shut down to do a full physical inventory that, that diluted margins a little bit. The Muon on will go away in the first quarter. I think we're making progress on the productivity piece, but the mix, I think, is still a component that we'll experience in the first quarter. Yes, so we've got the volume impact and then that mix carrying through at least through the next 3 months.
William Grogan: No. We've got carryover and the incremental pricing actions that we took to kick off the year. Obviously, that's part of our normal process and cadence to continue to capture the value for our products. So I think we're in a really good position from a price cost. We said in the fourth quarter, we're back to historic levels, and we think that will continue here as we progress through the year. If something were to change, obviously, we go back to the customers with an incremental increase, but we're well positioned here as we kick off the year.
William Grogan: No, it's mostly HST. We highlighted just some of the temporal moves from some of the OEMs as they recalibrate order patterns and inventory levels, that's the major driver.
William Grogan: Brian, we said about 2/3 of the business is in those major categories you started with on the medical, semi and food side, the balance in a variety of different applications. We've said it's grown at double digits here the last several years. It's got line of sight to continue to do that here as we progress even with some of the noise out there in the semicon market, where they play in this space is still healthy. They've got innovative technology that they continue to roll out. So we remain bullish on their growth profile both on core products and some of the NPD applications that we've gotten to know a little bit more as we progress through the last couple of months of our ownership.
William Grogan: No. I think from a segment, I think it's most of -- we described within some of the comments within our life sciences and total instrumentation, the folks in that group from a magnitude perspective on what they're holding in from inventory, I wouldn't speak to that other than just conversations with them, there is a calibration period that we're going through. As Eric highlighted earlier in the call, this isn't atypical to what we've seen historically we've gone through really robust cycles of growth. There is a quarter or 2 of recalibration to normalize and then back off. I think as you hear any of the external commentary for those large customers, they are still bullish on their equipment deliveries and the growth that they're going to see in 2023.
William Grogan: Yes. I think we have a while. HST is our biggest backlog. They've built the most backlog out of the 3 segments. So really comfortable with their position here as we go through the first half of the year. We said this calibration on the OEM inventory levels is generally a quarter maybe it spreads into the second. So we're confident that we're going to see that start to pick up and move as we progress into the back half of the year.
William Grogan: No, the Q4 we got for dispensing will book in the second and third quarter of this year. Yes, Dispensing orders were up 25%, but their sales were down 20-plus percent in the fourth quarter. So this is -- that was the 1 last order to give us kind of the full set of visibility to still reasonable performance, but down, that's going to mask a little bit of the strong organic growth that we expect from Fire & Safety and Bandon next year.
