Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I’m on Slide 6. The first quarter was an outstanding start to the year for IDEX. I’d like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their hard work and contributions to our success. We saw strong broad-based demand for our differentiated technologies with growth across all 3 of our segments leading to record orders, sales and backlog. This robust market plus outstanding operating performance resulted in 12% organic sales growth and excellent margins. We achieved adjusted EPS of $1.96, setting another IDEX record. Overall, the operating environment in the first quarter was much like the fourth quarter of 2021, but our team’s improved their ability to navigate through this challenging environment. We effectively mapped our 80s and 20s from customers through work cells [ph] and back to the supply base in a way that increased overall throughput and velocity. We also work together to attack our most problematic supply challenges through resourcing or to redesign. Although, we expect these challenges will remain with – for us in the near term, we are confident in our ability to adapt, execute and deliver for our customers. This period of rapid economic recovery coupled with geopolitical disruptions and constrained supply continues to drive material and freight costs higher. We kept pace with our own robust price capture efforts as we leverage the highly differentiated nature of IDEX’s product portfolio and our leadership positions in critical niche markets around the world. We also saw strong benefits from our productivity initiatives, specifically benefits from our site consolidations in FMT, capital investments that drove efficiencies, and product design changes that reduce material consumption. The results in Q1 are a testament to our team’s long view across business cycles as they build productivity roadmaps to support growth and margin expansion. Turning to capital deployment, M&A continues to be a key priority for us. We recently announced our intent to acquire KZValve, a leading manufacturer of electric valves and controllers. This acquisition will extend our expertise in providing OEMs with critical solutions for precision agricultural and industrial applications, and serve as a complement to our agriculture business within FMT. We’re excited to welcome KZValve to IDEX. We also closed on Nexsight, a compliment to our FMT water platform. Our funnel is strong and we continue to build conviction and interest around faster growing areas that complement the IDEX style of competition. Roopa Unnikrishnan, who joined us in March, will be an outstanding addition to these efforts, as she leads Strategy and Corporate Development for the company. Also, in the first quarter, we deployed $28 million to repurchase approximately 148,000 shares of company stock. We employ a discipline methodology to create long-term value for shareholders, when we see a break between our intrinsic assessment of IDEX enterprise value and our public valuation. Finally, we continue to make reasonable and modest resource investments to drive long-term sustainable growth. These investments typically involve incremental additions to our commercial and engineering resources to support our best organic bets, or targeted resources to support our inorganic efforts through M&A. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, thanks, Mike. Look, it’s holding pretty steady for us all over the place. I mean, the sectors we outline have been strong, they were strong through the first quarter that momentum has continued into the early part here the second quarter. Probably the only thing that we’ve seen continually here that it’s been held back a bit is the large projects category that we talk about a lot. I continue to see that, honestly, it’s just a question of resource availability, ability to focus on doing the work, either in the current context or even projecting across the future as people consider all the things that that are on the table there that could disrupt that. That being said, we’ve seen some projects here and there, and places like energy, and certainly a few in the chemical space, some short-term stuff in water that indicates, people are trying to get at capacity just like we are and throughput, so that continues to add to the mix. So I – very, very strong, overall steady, and that’s one thing that makes it pretty easy to navigate.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Now look, I think, we – as you can see, and I said on the remarks, I mean, we made some nice progress on throughput and velocity that always helps our situation. It’s nice from a leverage perspective and it also implies that things are working more efficiently. The impasse the consolidations that we had last year in FMT specifically has been a big benefit for us as we go. And then, I know, we’ll dive into price cost along the way. But, of course, we’ve done our best there to keep our head above water. You’ve kind of put that into the mix with more throughput and output. That’s a good mix for us overall, and you see it reflected in performance.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I’d say, I mean, not a lot in the short-term, again, it come back to kind of the nature of the assets that we’re looking at here. They’re very representative of kind of classic IDEX businesses, high mission critical solutions, risk adverse end markets, I mean, they’re not the kind of businesses that Bob and we’ve a lot in the short-term. And ultimately, the valuation on the part of the seller and for us on the part of the buyer comes down to the assurance of pretty steady growth and cash streams and high quality earnings over time. And, of course, what we think we could do to a business on the inside, which is mostly under our control anyways. So not to say, we’re discounting any of those things, but certainly – particularly in the short-term, it doesn’t really change the view of what we think is favorable for the long-term health of the company.
Eric Ashleman: No, I wouldn’t say we’ve seen that that’s often a lagging phenomenon. And again, this – we’re in very high quality waters, with generally long histories that anybody would refer to, and just degrees of health in the future, all positive. So it doesn’t really enter the mix of these kinds of assets too much.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, there was a couple of isolated things, the amount left on the table versus the number we quoted in Q4 was down substantially. Again, the team’s ability to work through some of the operational output, and then just slight improvements in some of the supply chain areas, a lot less than, I think, we quoted around 3% in the fourth quarter, much lower number kind of a couple of basis points type of framework.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I would just continue to highlight, we talk a lot about the top kind of those that list of top organic bets for the company, the resources, Bill was talking about maps really, really solidly to that list. So it’s not spread evenly. It’s very disproportionately tuned with that addition for sort of more enterprise work around strategy and sectors we’re interested in as we think of putting money to work.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I’ll hit it generally, like, Bill kind of fill in the blanks in terms of models and numbers. But, I mean, like we’ve been, as you’d suspect, very, very aggressive on the pricing front and talking about it for a long time, where we think we’re entitled to it, given the differentiation and the problems that we solve out there. We’ve worked at very systematically across the company, I mean, there’s an approach to how we do that. We take into consideration, the long and deep often personal relationships that we have customers and how to navigate that effectively in an environment like this. So I would say here, as we’ve talked through last year, we got some ways that the cycle came up, and the velocity of it was in many ways unexpected in the beginning of the year. We kind of caught up with it in the back half. And then, I see us in a more favorable position as we enter the year here, and I think you see that reflected in the margins.
Eric Ashleman: No material impact on the year-over-year, I think, for us a lot of the margin mix will be just the FMT margin expansion that’ll be more consistent this year relative to other productivity initiatives that we had last year, so more productivity driving the margin expansion versus favorable or unfavorable mix having major impact.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. Well, of course, we go from macro to micro pretty quick, when we start to think of, how that impacts us. But I like the way you framed it, which is actually anytime there’s disruption, there are problems to solve, and that’s usually healthy for us. So, as things swing around in production goes from one zone to another that means largely the infrastructure might be used in ways that’s more aggressive or higher rates than it has before. We do things like custody transfer on the energy side, if we’re shipping it around the world, or building out ports to do that, that’s places that we play. And so, I think, ultimately, I’d put that in the net favorable for us. And, I think, we saw some of that activity in the first quarter in places like energy. Same thing over on food production, I mean, is that becomes a bigger deal and starts to move around in different geographies and things like that, where capital may be or may not be a need to be deployed, we come along with it with the mission critical fluidic solutions that we have in there as well. So a lot of a lot of major trends to track and get a sense of where they’re heading or where they’re coming from. But I would say just the fact that they’re changing, often presents opportunities for us in the ways that that I described here.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. That’s a great question. So there’s a number of factors at play, some of which we turned to our advantage here in the quarter. I mean, from an external perspective, I’d say the supply chain environment is basically the same difficult some subjects better, some worse, but that not really markedly different. The labor availability piece, I mean, we’re low labor content, but it is critical, somebody eventually has to put things together, that actually improved for us in the first quarter, mainly from absenteeism. We enter the year with high rates. And then as we went on February and March, that actually improved. And I’d say labor availability, generally, while it’s a tough market out there for people, I mean, it did get a bit better for us. And we’ve got less kind of open roles, especially in the production side overall. So that was a component that turned more favorable for us. And then a lot of the work that we do, I mentioned in the remarks, it’s tuning 80/20, from beginning to end supply right through the factory, right to the customer base. We’ve kind of always naturally had that orientation and how we produce, the harder part is actually to draw those connections all the way back into the supply chain, and then move them around. And that’s where I’d say, we’ve done the best work here over the last really 6 months, but you saw the benefit in the last 3. So all that simply means is, you’ve got your best supplier making the part, that’s the most critical for our best part of the factory to our best customer set that alignment is in place, we’ve got ways to query that across the company now. And we can really see the benefit of that, and then that gives you a lot of that volume throughput that we referenced. And I don’t want to lose the other 2 pieces we called out. I mean, we did very difficult consolidations in the middle of a very difficult time. Last year, we’re now, those are completely behind us and they’re in parts of the business that have got good order velocity against them. So that’s like an additive component here.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, it so from how much that we would attribute to gating is supply chain conditions overall? I mean, it’s a slight step down, I think, we’ve said typically before we’ve been somewhere in the point or two, things we wish we would have been able to get out or otherwise. And I’d say, this is a slightly more favorable tune, or landing position for us, largely for a lot of the work that I just talked through there. I mean, I’d say the one external component is that slight uptick in labor availability for us, recognizing again it’s a relatively small part of kind of our spent in P&L.
Eric Ashleman: But then that would – Scott that would still leave kind of standard deck to drive out performance for us 200 to 300 basis points. And as Bill said, we went through a period where there was more COVID things in it. Now, those have kind of normalized to some degree, and we’re back looking at fast growing applications that kind of map to the world we see ahead of us. So we tune that fairly regularly and we’re always looking at what should be up there, which should be – should not, we don’t do that around sort of calendar cycles, we’re continually evaluating that and saying, if we hit a milestone that would suggest something needs to come off, and we’re seeing an opportunity elsewhere.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, Scott, I think that’s a first half versus second half. We continue through the back half of last year to win some larger projects here in North America, that’ll be delivered in the first half, so continued strength here over the second quarter, and then much more difficult comps in the back half of the year.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, if I go back to the comments, I had just a few moments ago, where I sort of delineated, the labor impact, which was positive for us, I mean, I would say almost all of that that’s an external situation playing through, coming off the Omicron infection rates and higher absenteeism, and then that moderated as we went through the quarter. And I do think labor availability, more generally, in some of the regions we do business improved from conditions last year. So I put that on the external side, that’s a component, the tuning I talked about relative to 80/20, and supply chain, and how we move that through the supply base or resourcing. I made some comments about that engineering, resourcing in our engineering design work in the opening comments, prepared remarks. And that’s our side of it. That’s things we’ve long been doing to try to keep pace with a very, very difficult supply environment. So I don’t know with the exact balance, I would say, but you got some of both coming together there. And, in both, I think likely to continue for us as we go forward.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I think like everybody else were watching the current situation play out, I mean, pretty hard to predict how things are going to go, also hard to imagine that this is a big long-term event, I mean, there’s no doubt be some overhang here. But I would just kind of go back to what we said, when we made when we thought of the investment, we talked to everyone here about it. This is a massive economy. Our approach there is very local, it’s completely local. So we’ve got resources on the ground, we’ve got technologies available, and we’ve got domain expertise to solve local problems from within the economy. And so, that doesn’t insulate it entirely from macro events that happen there, but it does minimize the sort of disruptive things you can get doing lots of cross border, and that’s never really been our model there, it isn’t the model for India as well, we have a similar campus there. So the investments that we talked about the facilities expansion is, is actually nearing completion. And we look forward as everybody does for hopefully a healthy resolution to what’s going on over there where we’ve got a lot of employees in the region and are going to start there with our first concern is with their health and well being. And then, I still feel very confident about the investments we’re making to be appropriate given the potential of that economy.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, we got some things in life sciences and in our ceiling business related to semicon expansion, too. So we’re invested in that machine tools and equipment to do that, I wouldn’t say within additive emphasis on the automation capabilities that are out there today, that also has a secondary benefit of helping us on the labor front.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, that’s been very, very healthy. I mean, obviously, there’s a piece of that that’s involved with COVID, or at a minimum the vaccine that therapeutic side of that, lots of interesting things going on with cell-based therapies and other things that are out there. So, I mean, it’s an area of focus for us, we’ve got a nice presence there that has done well, and we continue to stay very interested in it.
Eric Ashleman: I’d say from a high level there, none of this really comes back to specific areas of concern that map against where we are and kind of where we intersect the world out there. They’re more general, and they’re pretty close to the same ones that everybody else is thinking about. So region locked down in China and what happens is that all plays out and broader exposure to Asia-PAC and supply sides back into mature economies you put us. But it’s on the radar keeping an eye on that certainly the issues geopolitically in Europe. We don’t have a lot of direct presence there. But there’s a bunch of derivative impacts for us and others, we’ll see how that plays out. But I don’t think we’re looking at it, units of measure that are different than the ones that are on the macro screen for most people.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, so like I – it’s kind of hard to do that specifically, because it goes in different businesses and goes in different places, I would just say, very, very strong on both of those categories. On the semi side, I mean, we’re – like we’re involved in different aspects of that we’re involved in some businesses, we kind of come in there on the fab side, when we build out infrastructure, and other places, we’re actually involved in the metrology side, or the inspection of things that are made in that infrastructure. So we’re well positioned throughout and well positioned with the names that most people think of when they think of that industry.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. Well, I think for a while we’ve been talking about the intentionality of the work, so we resourced it in a different way, put some people on, brought some folks in from the outside, I mentioned, Roopa, in my earlier comments, she brings a lot to the effort as we go. But a lot of this comes from – bottoms up, I mean, it comes out of the businesses who know their worlds and markets the best. And you can kind of see that if you look at the last few acquisitions in particular, they’re all very close to home to our businesses. And, in fact, we’ve known them for a long, long time. So in some ways, we’re taking advantage of targets that have been out there that we’ve understood with much more focused cultivation, understanding and ability to get the transaction done, and then integrate it successfully in the company. So that’s always going to be a big piece of what we do. Right next to that, then is broadening that work and starting to think about, well, if you go slightly to the left or to the right, or extend out the time horizon a bit further, what does that suggest about the universe that’s out there, which could be known in some cases isn’t known. And so it’s very, very focused work, it’s process driven. You can think of it is almost a grid of intersection between the work that we do and the problems that need to be solved in the world and where they cross over. Again, a lot of it is relatively close to home, because we’re looking to leverage the domain expertise that we have the market insight and presence and positioning of current businesses. But it’s coming together in an interesting way, and we long, et cetera, I’d said, ever since I took the seat, I was trying to level loaded a bit. And that’s now happened, it makes that resource base more stable, and makes the work more predictable, and it’s easier to optimize. So that’s kind of where we are now looking forward to where we’re going to take it and talking to you about it as we go.
Eric Ashleman: That’s the plan. I mean, we’ve got the – to complete the kind of growth maps that we have for the businesses, we’re going to often want to bring in some technologies and position points that we don’t have today. This is a great way to do it. And we’ve got the great cash generating facility and balance sheet to pull it off. And so, but doing it in a way that works for us process driven, people dependent, we like that. And that’s what we’re trying to build there.
Eric Ashleman: I would say nothing yet. Nothing on the front that’s hit the radar here. And we have a big broad cross section of different markets, different pressure points, and I wouldn’t be able to pick anything out specifically yet.
Eric Ashleman: And you still have a lot of especially the Asia side of things is, I mean, it’s just now automating we’re still involved in that cycle, which is a little bit more steady state, less project specific. So it’s really how these things come together and timeout.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks very much. I’d like to thank everybody on the call for your interest and support to IDEX. Just 2 final points for me: one, that just a really, really big thank you to our IDEX teams and business partners that are out there. Bill and I do our best to simplify the story here makes it seem easy enough, it’s not. I mean, we deliver highly engineered solutions to very demanding customers to solve super critical problems. It’s tough to do on the best days. This has been a pronounced difficult environment. And I’m really, really proud of how our teams have come together and made the improvements and progress they have here. So I just really want to thank them. And look, we talked a lot about those challenges that are out there, the things that that folks are wondering about. And I just remind everybody, our company is uniquely positioned to help with many of those problems to solve them. It’s reflective our mission and values, and when we do our job as well. We’re rewarded financially with gross margin expansion tasked to take the business to the next level. So we’re leaning forward, we feel good about where we are and look forward to talking with you, as we go about the progress we’re making. Thanks very much.
William Grogan: Not exactly, Nathan. As we look at, obviously, the team’s ability to increase their output directions we’re taking internally has improved with some of the external events that have happened recently in the unknown longer-term implications just can’t count on significant ramp from our current volumes that we’re at now. Obviously, if things unwind and resolve there’s upside opportunity in the back half, definitely based upon the strong backlog that you’ve highlighted.
William Grogan: Yeah, Deane, we’re committed to invest, making these investments and outside of what happens in the short-term, these are things that we’re committed to that are going to drive growth for us long-term. We talked about engineering resources, different commercial initiatives we have across the portfolio. Eric’s highlighted several times just the build out of our M&A team to improve the conversion that you’ve seen in our M&A pipeline. And we’ve got great projects in all 3 segments, either through new product launches, investigating new markets to leverage different applications for our technologies. And then even in the second quarter here, we’ve got some larger trade shows that we’re back in the largest North American trade show for Fire & Rescue that we’re going to launch a couple new products and bring those to market. So a lot of exciting things across the portfolio that we’re committed to investing, as we progress through the year like we talked about, we gave our initial guidance. And then, Eric, anything else you’d want to add.
William Grogan: Yeah, I think, continued progression here in the first quarter. I think as each month goes by the additional pricing actions we’ve taken, we have seen increased inflation, the teams are doing a much better job getting out in front of it. And, I think, towards the back half of the year will be add or an excess of our historical price cost based upon the line of sight to what we have as of now.
William Grogan: Yeah, in most of it, Joe, we’ve been able to evolve our terms and conditions over the last 18 months to make sure that we can pass on incremental inflation as it comes into there’s certain contracts that we have that we can’t, but I think we’re well positioned overall.
William Grogan: Yeah. No, Vlad, I’ll take that one. We’ve historically had a very disciplined approach for our share buyback program. When we think the stocks undervalued, what we consider our intrinsic value of the company, we’re back in buying shares. And, obviously, with the significant decline we’ve seen here, and we think that’s short-term related, a lot of the conversation, Eric’s highlight is we’re really bullish on the next couple years, both from an industrial cycle and our ability to put broader capital work in the M&A space. So we’re taking advantage of where the share price is, and we’re going to continue to buy at the current level, if we’re still at this value here as we progress through the quarter.
William Grogan: Scott, maybe I’ll take that one. So, yeah, back in late 2020, we said, a $50 million to $100 million of potential incremental COVID opportunities. In 2021, we said incrementally was probably flat, 50 versus 50, so no big increase last year. And as we progress through this year, it’s been pretty consistent. There’s been no material pickup in COVID opportunities or decrease. So…
William Grogan: No, I think, we highlighted sequential margins decline, 50 basis points of it just the Nexsight acquisition coming into the fold on the dilutive impact of the deal amortization. It depending on what your competence, there’s kind of another 50 to 100 basis points, primarily through incremental investments on the discretionary and resource side. As we said, hey, we’re going to have about $20 million, $25 million for each category this year. We spent 4 [ph] in both incrementally that’s going to ramp a little bit here in the second quarter compressed margins slightly.
William Grogan: Yeah, I think some of the big ones, Eric highlighted, continued investments in facilities in emerging markets are China expansion and India expansion, the CapEx associated with that’ll ramp here over the next few quarters. And then, we talked about a large infrastructure investment in our Banjo business, with new technology to increase automation and overall output is that business has continued to grow and scale here relative to the differentiation that that product brings to market along with a bunch of other investments is for growth and productivity across the portfolio.
William Grogan: And again, I think relative to some of the earlier commentary, less on the demand side, more on the supply side.
William Grogan: Yeah, Walt, I think overall, the paint markets strong, obviously, from time to time, there’s large replenishment orders in North America that were coming off of the back of a huge cycle there that’ll be have the tougher comps in the second half of the year. So demand – core demand is still strong across the globe with just tough comps on some of these projects.
