Mike Yates: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. This is Mike Yates, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of the IDEX third quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016. A press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company's Web site at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview of the third quarter financial results. We will then provide an update on our markets and geographies and discuss our capital deployment. We will then walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments for the third quarter. And, finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. Following our prepared remarks, we will then open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering the conference ID 13620008 or you simply may log on to our company's home page for the webcast replay. As we begin, a brief reminder, this call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Mike Yates: Sure. Well, we've got -- went ahead and made a decision to bring the money back from all over the globe really to get the benefit today and optimize our balance sheet and to get it out of some of the areas in the world where -- we did bring about $50 million out of China, actually. So we wanted to get that money out of China, and it made a lot of sense to us. And there was -- that was the real driver in some of the costs that we incurred in the quarter.
Mike Yates: No. I think SFC is a little stronger in Q4, that there's some strength there in the forecast. So that's part of it.
Mike Yates: Well, I think -- I wouldn't say they're getting less week. I would just say they're stable. Now, they are getting less weak on a -- as you start to look at year-over-year comparisons.
Mike Yates: But from a sequential standpoint, things are looking like they have looked like for quite some time.
Mike Yates: And that allows price then, Scott, to flow through if we can get productivity to offset inflation and material inflation.
Mike Yates: Yes, that's right. Both -- all three deals help cash flow in the quarter, right? Because -- they may not help earnings because of the step up in the amortization, but on a cash basis, it definitely helps free cash flow in the quarter.
Mike Yates: Charley, it was probably depleted inventories just in channel and a pent-up demand for the replacement parts. It's been down for almost seven quarters.
Andy Silvernail: So I think that generally if you step back and you look at that landscape. So whether it is -- you are looking at genetic sequencing, analytical instrumentation generally, in vitro diagnostics more broadly, we are seeing the trends continuing to be very good. And you see -- if you look at sequencing in particular, that is still going to be a double-digit growth market. It's a market that is going through change as it's moving from, call it, a research tool to a production tool or a commercial tool. And so you will see changes in the landscape there. But we are positioned exceptionally well across that customer base in that market. And, of course, our traditional markets in IVD and analytic instrumentation. What you can see across the board is strength. And if you look at funding that is expected, assuming that the funding trends that we have seen happen that's actually a pretty good news story. So when it's all said and done, as I look at those markets, over the next certainly year and more into the future, I think that's a very good news story for us.
Andy Silvernail: I don't think there's been a meaningful break yet in that. Meaning that some of the more expensive assets, are they -- are we seeing a more reasonable perspective on valuation. I wouldn't say that yet. When you look at the things that are in the energy markets, a lot of people -- they had outside the expectation some time ago, and now they're struggling with the reality of their operating capability and so they are not ready to part with those businesses and depressed multiples. But our pipeline looks like it has looked for a long time, right? So it's entirely a cultivated pipeline. We have been working on it actively. And so that really doesn't change quarter-to-quarter very much for us. What changes is the activity from the -- really the auction world. And what I would say is that from the auction world, that has slowed down here recently in the last two quarters. But that is not the principal piece of how we think about M&A anyway. But I do expect there to be more activity going forward in our marketplace as people rectify what their operating capabilities really are and prices. So we will keep working at the way we've done it and try to drive it at the same level that you would expect us to.
Andy Silvernail: The biggest thing in there is really the day rates are actually -- are very much what we have looked at. There's not a lot of change in there. But when you think of things that have a bigger CapEx component to it, you are seeing those things get pushed out. And those aren't a big piece of our overall business. But they are -- if you look at the marketplace, and it doesn't really matter what segment you look in, they are absent right now. And so what I view is happening is kind of continued pause and hesitancy around anything with a larger ticket item associated with it. That is the biggest change. But if you look at general day rates, that looks like it has looked like for a long time.
Andy Silvernail: No. I do think right when we come out with our guidance for the quarter, is it -- the pivot is going to be what do you think the underlying industrial growth rates are going to be, right? So your logic -- I understand your logic. It's not dissimilar to how we're thinking about it. I'm not prepared to make that call here today, but I think your logic is sound.
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think -- how we've talked about it for a long time here now, Scott, is you start the year with, we'll call it, natural inflation. And today, given the kind of material prices, that is just not a big number right now. But you go into the year with just wage inflation and basic overhead inflation, it looks like kind of $15 million or so -- could be $15 million to $20 million, right? So to hold your own, you've got to cover that. That is the starting bogie. And then to drive incremental profitability and margin expansion, that's where you start to have to get north of $20 million. And that's been our consistent goal historically is to be able to drive productivity so we are getting net benefit. And so that's why we have always talked about our ability to drive incremental margins even in a low-growth environment. So even if you have a single -- a low single-digit organic growth environment, when you think about our ability to continue to get price, we would expect to see margin expansion.
Andy Silvernail: One of the surprising things in this marketplace is once we've got past the steep drop in the energy-related markets, then what you saw happen was this ripple effect that went across the general industrial landscape. And so it is a little bit of an unusual situation right now where you are seeing performance across the industrial landscape all look pretty similar, right? So if you were at look at, say, our gas business, our Viking business, Warren Rupp, Band-It, things that are kind of -- that sit centrally -- and I'm going to call it general industrial. It is surprising how evenly split across those different markets the malaise is. And so, again, we had to get past that commodity-driven issues. But I think one of the signals that that sends to me Nathan is, again, back to this -- I'm going to call this just -- it's a big pause that has been out there for quite some time. And people are looking for a catalyst. And so we see it up and down the supply chain. We see it from our customers back through how we are behaving and our supply chain. And everybody is at that pause, and you see it from how capital is being deployed, meaning big CapEx, to the interval of orders. So, where in the past you would see larger blanket orders in annual time frames and quarterly, a lot of that stuff has just gone away, and you are now dealing in a world with general releases. And so it's -- again, it's surprising how general this is. Obviously, I think the energy markets are still worse than anything with some -- volatility depends upon the price of oil. But across the rest of the industrial landscape, it is surprisingly cohesive what we're seeing.
Andy Silvernail: The short answer to it is yes. I think that the magnitude is what you have to put your finger on. So if you see oil prices back in this $50 to $60 range, it's going to be a slow roll of how that impacts things over time. So you will get the impact of production happening, you will get the wellhead impact, but how that moves its way through the general economy, I think, will take some time.
Andy Silvernail: The water services is where the strength is right now. If you look at that for us -- so as an example, our ABS business has had terrific results. Some of that, I think, is taking share. Some of that has been a decent spend in the municipal space. I think -- I've said in the past that I thought municipal was going to have some good legs here for the foreseeable future. I still believe that to be true. But let's make sure that we are watching that quarter-to-quarter and what happens there. But for us, water services has been the brightest spot.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, three things happening there, right? The first one is some of our bigger businesses within there, they did restructuring last year and we have certainly seen the benefits of that. Second is you've got some positive mix -- that's not a big number. But third, and importantly we talked a lot about the impact of our fixed businesses and we've had great results from that and a bunch of those businesses sitting in the FMT portfolio. And I really should say -- I should add price. We continue to get positive price in FMT and those -- so really it's four things, not three, that really matter and continue to drive margin expansion.
Andy Silvernail: I think it's uncertain, Deane. I think we've talked about this in a number of the past quarters that we have seen things get pushed, delayed, whatever. And my view is that until you get some confidence back in, these things are going to sit out there -- so anything with big-ticket CapEx associated with them. So if you look at energy as an example, you're going to see -- if you assume that energy prices are in that $50 to $60 range, you will see excess capacity get absorbed in 2017, and then you will see new CapEx coming in, in 2018. And while it tends to be more cyclical than the rest of the general industrial, I think it's a good proxy for what we're seeing across the industrial landscape.
Andy Silvernail: That's right. That's correct. We haven't put our arms around it exactly what those will look like. But obviously, we will provide the detail. So we will do some restructuring, as we expected we would when we did those acquisitions. And the pension will play itself out here in the fourth quarter.
Andy Silvernail: That is all cash. The pension will be cash. About 75% of it will be cash, and then the restructuring will be mostly cash also.
Andy Silvernail: Our general expectation is -- these things take six months or so. And so if you focus in around the end of January, some time into February that would be our expectation for finalizing it.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so again, I want to be really, really careful. We don't comment on any specific customer. So, what -- we are -- where we sit in the food chain, what we experience in our numbers tends to be -- was already played out for us by the time it has played out in the markets for our customers generally. Just because of how that works in the supply chain and timing, et cetera. And so we don't see a major change in the fourth quarter based on anything you see out there in the marketplace. And also I think it's really important to note that this is -- we're talking about no customer being more than 2% of sales. So we don't have a single customer that is material to the IDEX results as we think about that in the portfolio. So with that said, as I think about the broader life sciences market, I think there's always bumps in there. Every six or so quarters, you'll see a bump in these marketplaces based on when products are shipping, et cetera, product life cycles, supply chain. But the story is a good news story. We have seen strength in those markets; we expect to see strength in those markets going forward and for those to be above the IDEX average in terms of growth.
Andy Silvernail: I think it's a combination of sustained improvement in a commodities world -- and this sounds like such a weak answer, but confidence. There is a general lack of confidence in spending money and putting yourself out forward and putting a lot of capital forward. And so I think that confidence is a combination of two years of a pretty soft market, a very uncertain political environment that people just aren't comfortable with how things are going to want to play out. And I think that really needs to happen. A little bit of improvement in the overall economic growth rate would go a long way. Certainly people are seeing this is starting to play through in wage inflation. And see what's going to happen in the global marketplace. So you are seeing some elements of it spark there, but in general, you are not seeing that catalyst that is going to push that forward. And as we think about our 2017 planning, we don't see a catalyst. We don't see that happening. We are well-positioned to deal with it if it does. We have always said time and again that we are very able to react on the upside and we never want to get caught on the downside. And so for our ability to mobilize and execute a faster environment, we feel really comfortable around that in terms of supply chain and our ability to produce. And at the same time, we think that this environment is going to continue here into 2017.
Andy Silvernail: You know, Walt, I feel really comfortable that we can continue to drive productivity. I'll tell you, what has accelerated our gains this year has been around the focus we've had on about a quarter of our portfolio that are fixed businesses. We told you earlier in the year that that makes up about 25% of our business. Into this year, we are almost 300 basis points better in profitability around those businesses. And so that has just been a very, very good news story. And let's keep in mind, too, that we are delivering this kind of margin profile with some of our bellwether, most profitable companies struggling that have really been hit most by this commodity and overall industrial distribution. So if you think about Viking, Warren Rupp, Band-It, Banjo and even rescue tools -- so rescue tools has -- it's a different struggle for rescue tools because of the weakness in emerging markets around sovereign budget. But if you look at those five businesses, those are big profit contributors to this company. And they have been hit squarely with the headwind. And what we have been able to do is be able to really deliver the quality of earnings in those businesses, continued -- very, very high quality of earnings in those businesses and cash flow and at the same time still drive overall margin potential with what we're doing in the rest of the business. So, when I think about our execution and our positioning for any kind of improvement, we are in a good spot.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, with a couple of points growth. And that breakeven point, when I say breakeven point, I mean the point at which we can still expand margins has gone down substantially and our ability to drive productivity. And so if we continue to see a soft environment, we will still get better margins going forward.
Andy Silvernail: The vast majority of our businesses are -- we are looking at book and ship. I'm not sure I can give you a specific number. But big capital projects, they have never been a big piece of our business. But they can swing -- they can certainly swing in terms of volatility in any one quarter and some of that we're seeing right now. But, historically we go into a quarter with half the quarter booked. And you've got to deliver a book and ship in the quarter of about half the business. And so that is what that kind of looks like. Now for us, no material difference. The difference is I think the larger CapEx really are the things that we have had in the past and were a buffer. Those have certainly been pushed or canceled.
Andy Silvernail: It can. If you look at where we stand today and our expectations for fourth quarter organic, that is the big pivot. But at the same time, we are finding ways to cover it. We are finding ways to still grow income and do a great job around cash.
Andy Silvernail: I think -- let me talk about SFC first. That's a very high-margin business and that is really around a growth story. So that's our focus with SFC. And by the way, with AWG and Akron, growth is a critical component to the overall story. But recognizing that when we bought the businesses, we saw more opportunity to get the margin profile -- margin profiles in line with our core IDEX business -- and that's about 500 basis points in total. And Akron has been part of the portfolio a little bit longer. Back earlier in the year, we bought the business. We have had great results so far with it, and AWG is a terrific fit. You put that together with our other safety and rescue assets, there's a lot of opportunity to grow the business and to improve margin profile.
Andy Silvernail: I think what we have said in the past and I wouldn't change it, is there is no reason you wouldn't see a couple hundred basis points out of the gate for those businesses and then the balance over three years. So I think it takes three years to get 500 basis points, but there's no reason you wouldn't see a couple hundred basis points in that first year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim, so the bulk of it is from the acquisitions, but there are a few other areas that we are taking the opportunity to do some consolidation and get some leverage. And so we will see some improvement in some other businesses also.
Andy Silvernail: We have not published that yet, so we won't do so. But we're talking something that is small. You'll see it as things roll out here in the next few weeks.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, you are really talking about Viking and Warren Rupp for the most part. When you say CFP that is the bulk of it, right, Richter whatnot. Really the same factors we're talking about generally. Those are the big pieces of us -- of our FMT business is based in the general industrial world. And they have had a tough go in 2017. They have been hit disproportionately to the pressures that we are seeing in energy and the general industrial markets. But, again, all of those businesses have seen sequential stability in their day rate business with some incremental negative on the CapEx side.
Andy Silvernail: That's why we want to be very careful in saying I'm not going to call this an inflection point. I think that would be a mistake. We saw some improvement in the quarter. It's been a tough story overall. But, we did see some sequential improvement in the quarter and some year-over-year improvement in the quarter. But I think -- let's be hesitant on that one. It was good to see, but we've got to have a lot more data points before I make any commentary that I think it's -- we have seen a sustainable inflection.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. I think its more replacement parts than it is equipment pick-up. There's still a lot of equipment in the channel. There is a lot of equipment in the field, there's a lot of equipment in the channel, so it's really a replacement part story versus a meaningful up tick in equipment.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I wouldn't say there's any major change. We did note that the back-half comp started to get easier. So, hey, we are glad to see it. It's good to see, but is no major inflection different from what we've talked about so far.
Andy Silvernail: No, I don't think so. I think you've got -- when you are talking about sequencing, you have got major product cycles that are critically important. And you have got this movement from, I will call it, the lab space into more of a commercial application. And so that is a move that everyone has expected to happen. And with that, you see a movement from very, very high-priced equipment down to more readily available lower-priced equipment that is more deployable into the field. I think -- when you step back and think about the potential for this industry and you look at the number of sequences that are sold per year compared to the number of mass spec or analytical instruments in ultra-high-pressure liquid chromatography, it's tiny. I mean, it is absolutely tiny. And when you look at the applications and where those can go and land, and the number of potential units that can be sold into commercial applications -- and when I say commercial, I mean non-laboratory research, the number is huge. It is multiples of what is sold today. And so it's not going to be smooth; it's not going to be perfect. But if I think five years from now or 10 years from now compared to where we are today and the unit volume that you would expect, it's going to be much, much, much higher. That is the bet we're making.
Andy Silvernail: No, I wouldn't read into that at all. Across our business, we are pretty asset-light. You're talking about 1.5%, 2% CapEx intensity for the businesses. We're not necessarily buying things that are lower than that or selling things that are higher than that. It is really around market positioning. Market positioning and what I would call relative competitive scale. So, what -- if you look at what really works for us, it is when we are in a niche that is big enough to be attractive, but small enough to not get the gorillas of the world if you wanted to compete for it. And then we have the attractive relative market share position. So we are a classic number one or number two. And that -- the profit pools in that scenario and the attractiveness is very, very high. When you are a distant three, four, five and you don't have a pathway, or if the niche is too small, that's where it's just not very attractive for us.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you very much and thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today. I think as I open this up, my hope is that people will really focus in on what we've done to drive operating results and what we have the ability to do given this continued weak macro environment. And, again, I think our overall execution has been extremely strong. The underlying operating earnings of this company and our potential to drive earnings growth over time, I think is substantial. We have done a nice job with disciplined capital deployment and we've got a great balance sheet to continue to do that. So, look, we're going to have to continue to work through this murky macro environment that's going to be with us for a while, but we are exceptionally well-positioned to drive total shareholder return as we go forward. So, again, thank you for your questions today and thank you for your support of IDEX. And we will talk to you here in about 90 days. Take care.
