Andrew Silvernail: Yes so Mike on HST in particular things that were touching the scientific world life sciences in particular we saw strength anything touching food we had strengthened. It really -- that any weakness that we saw in the quarter was due to the industrial portion of it, principally around GAST. You know that been -- a lot more like FMT and that is any slowness we had there. The core scientific and health pieces of the business performed very well.
Andrew Silvernail: So if you think about 2016, I would expect that to be the case I think you’ve got nice strength in Life Sciences and we will see in the early part of the year the benefit of the projects for MPT shifting. In the fourth quarter, net net I think you end up being flat year-over-year.
Andrew Silvernail: I think the biggest headwinds we are going to see are going to be in the first and second quarter, which I think they will be meaningful, right. So the fall off in spending that I think everyone has experienced relative to the capital projects in oil and gas I think they really, in terms of from a comp perspective they are going to be tougher in the first and early in the second quarter and get a little bit easy as you get into the third and the fourth quarter next year, I think that will absolutely be the case. You know Ag is a little bit of wild card to be honest with you, Mike it’s a little bit tough to find the bottom there. I think everyone -- you guys have seen what’s happened with the big capital producers, but net net I don’t see that as a big negative. You know going into next year I think that biggest question mark is going to be what happens with industrial because the North American industrial business and what happens with China. Those are the two things that I think are the biggest question marks going into the really the fourth quarter. I think the fourth quarter we got pretty dialled in, but I think as you go into next year those are the biggest things. In terms of upsides, I think municipals can continue to be good. All signs continue to point to that, and I think that the scientific piece of our business in Life Sciences whether it’s analytical instrumentation or bio IVT, those are good new stories to come you know really across the board. And you’ve had a lot of headwind from you know FX that you know we start to lap here as we get into the back half of this year first part of back half of the fourth quarter first part of next year. And we’ll see how that plays itself out.  But, Mike I’ve said pretty consistently that I expect 2016 to be a slugfest. I don’t think it’s going to -- that market conditions are going to be meaningfully different from what we’ve seen and it’s going to be about being very smart with internal capital deployment meaning where we invest in our businesses, driving productivity and very smart external capital deployment.
Andrew Silvernail: Mike, I think modelling is -- you know given the relative size of the segment within the portfolio you know $1 million here there can swing the percentages round quite a bit. So but I think modelling probably between that 26 and 28 range is fair.
Andrew Silvernail: I think the spread as you noticed in our adjustments that we made by segment was a little heavier towards FMT and HST in the third with the Fire and Safety, the Diversified business only receiving about $300,000 of that charge. It will probably be a little bit more ratable in the fourth quarter, but still heavier towards FMT and HST. In terms of the aggregate payback for that, so we're going taking a charge of somewhere between $8 million and $10 million in the second half of the year. You can assume that, that payback has somewhere less than the one year payback, so obviously the benefit from that which we will quantify as we go into next year's guidance here on our January call will be somewhere north of the charge.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Peter in terms of the segments we actually looking at things across the three segments. And there are some things that we've been cultivating quite some time piece of things that have deployed in the recent past that make our pipeline pretty attractive. We feel good about where our pipeline is generally both in the near term and in the longer term. And so, we feel pretty good here about our ability to execute on M&A. Maybe in the balance of this year, maybe not, we'll see. As you know these things move around quite a bit, but certainly as we go into 2016 we have an expectation of doing so. And as you know, we've made an important organizational change here in earlier this year and a big piece of it was really freeing the organization to be more aggressive around M&A. We've got a great balance sheet as you know. Our cash flows are terrific. And we think that we have the organizational structure to do it. The environment is an interesting one, right because this is an environment as you pointed out, Peter, is very volatile. At the same time as you say, sometimes you got to take cookies when they are passed. And there are some pretty nice properties that are out there. You may not buy them at the perfect time, but at the same time we understand what we're looking for and we're looking for businesses that are structurally fit over the very, very long terms and are going to deliver high returns for shareholders.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. I mean, our sweet spot is that kind of $50 to $200, $250 million that really is our sweet spot. As I've said in the past there are few things that are larger that are north of $1 billion, that we look at consistently. Those are few and far between. But there are some that are out there. But our sweet spot and where we really drive value for shareholders is in that $50 million to 250 million dollar range.
Andrew Silvernail: Matt, we're not expecting sequential improvement. It really comes down to comps when you look at the fourth quarter. I think this environment right now is squishy enough that any belief that we're going to see a material change in the external environment in the fourth quarter I think that will be misplaced.
Andrew Silvernail: You know, we've had a pretty tight beat on China, if you remember, if you look back even, a year or 18 months ago. Yes, we started talking about the fact that we thought the China was meaningful weaker than call it the headline commentary. And for us it really is kind of looking at the underline business and where we are seeing demand, our Richter business in particular continues to be strong in China and that's been our real winner for us. We do expect our rescue business to pick up here as we look at the balance of this year and into 2016. So, it's much more specific to the businesses that we're in versus a call on the China economy.
Andrew Silvernail: You know, we're still only sitting at just north of turn in net debt, right. So we've got a great balance sheet. So I'm not awfully concerned about that and obviously the free cash flow is very, very strong. When its all said and done, when you put the two side by side our preference is strategic M&A, it certainly creates more value unless you have a major dislocation in the stock price. And so, obviously as we move down that path and as deals come through we would naturally slow down M&A. But – excuse me, slow down repurchases, but let me know really clearly, our repurchase program is 100% driven and what we believe the intrinsic value is of the company. And you'll see our acceleration or deceleration based on a very, very well thought out analysis of what we think that is. So, as an example when we saw the stock kind of dropdown into the 60s earlier this year, we were lot more aggressive than we are today. And when the stock is up closer to 80 we were then buying back closer to half to 1%. So, strategic M&A is number one, we got plenty of capacity to do that and share buybacks are driven 100% above value.
Andrew Silvernail: Sure. On the muni side, couple of things, number one, a general uptick in overall spending driven by tax receipts. And we've talked about for a long time that there is any time you start to see major movements in tax receipt there's kind of 12 to 24 months lag or lead time depending upon which side of a cycle you're on. And so those tax receipts are starting to lift all boats so to speak. There's just more money in the CapEx and in the OpEx budgets in the Western parts of the world than they were 12, 24 months ago, so that's one thing. The second thing is it's really our strategy in particular in water services has paid off. So we have continued to win share in our target markets, target applications and that's what's driving the success above and beyond markets. So as I look at 2016, we know what's in the co-pipeline. We know what we won and we believe we feel pretty confident that market is going to be better than there was this year and certainly better than it's been in the last couple of years. So, in combination its not like it's roaring at high single-digit or double-digit, but a solid mid single-digit in the U.S. in municipal water, that's a good piece of news generally. In terms of the energy side, I wouldn't get too excited about that. And what I mean by that is our holding our topline; you've got to remember a couple of things. First, we really don't play very much in the downhole side of the world, right. So as we said in the past, that's been 2%, 3% of our total portfolio for IDEX, obviously that 2% or 3% has been battered this year with the reductions that you've seen. But we mostly play in that midstream market that is held up better, so that's kind of one thing to remember. Second thing is we've had some really nice wins in aviation, that have been really share wins for us and we've seen that across the globe. The third is there are number of projects that we've been on top of that -- in the past we've talk about the fact, they got pushed out and we didn't win. And we're starting to see those flow through in Europe and the Middle East. I would not say that is commentary about the health of the overall market, but more so our business unit performance.
Andrew Silvernail: Actually, no pressure. I mean, we get the letters that everybody else gets from our customers. But at the end of the day, we'll command what, Health north of a point this year, right around the point. A - Heath Mitts Right, around the point.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes. We'll get a point of price here before the inflationary impacts in terms to net it out. But we'll get a point of price this year with no significant places of price pressure.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, a few things. Generally as a portfolio the only place we see mix impact us significantly is in FSD. In the last two quarters that has been, obviously its been a good news story for and we're caution you guys not to build margin assumptions north of that 28% range to 26% to 28%, that Heath gave earlier, I think that's a healthy place to be. In terms of FMT or HST, I don't expect there to be major mix shifts within those businesses here and there, but not enough to long term change the trajectory of the business. Within FSD in particular, right, on the margins, if you go back in time, the margin there have been moving up substantially. We really improve the profit profile of fire and of dispensing. And that has change the overall profit profile of FSD. We're at the point now where I don't expect to kind of gains we've had to replicate themselves and I think we're in a pretty good spot there in particular.
Andrew Silvernail: So, as you know Allison, this is – if we have any place that's lumpy, this is it. And you can see some pretty significant swings that can move the organic orders and organic sales for HST in a quarter in a more meaningful way than some of the other businesses. So, what you're seeing right now is we had some nice wins here in the quarter that help certainly on the organic order front and they really going to shift in the second part, excuse me, in the first part of 2016. In terms of what that means looking forward, at this point we don't have visibility kind of for the fourth quarter and third quarter and orders that might look like this. Maybe we got a lot of stuff in the hopper, but there's nothing that makes me particularly excited or particularly concern relative to that and how it would be play out in the fourth quarter and therefore later in 2016.
Andrew Silvernail: It's probably a little bit more than that. In general the mix impact I would say, its probably more like two-thirds to three quarters and I'm kind of thump nailing on it here. But the productivity, we definitely saw nice productivity, but we did have a meaningful mix shift in those two businesses.
Andrew Silvernail: So, specific to FMT, the step up, that was a meaningful impact from quarter-to-quarter ended I said, it actually normalized for the inventory step up charge on the year-over-year basis FMT margins would have been flat. So you kind of back into what that tells you there. So, really on volume being down modestly, pretty nice performance in the business in terms of profitability. From an HST perspective, nothing really meaningful in there, there's nothing that I would signals one way the other any change in margin profile. If you look at the longer term, we've said pretty consistently that in a low growth environment call it 2%, 3% somewhere near. We can get 50 to 80 basis points maybe up to 100 basis points depending upon what happens in profit improvement. But if you look at – if you're in the 2% range you're probably looking at 50 basis points, you're in the 3% range, you're probably looking at 80 basis points of expansion. Just because our contribution margins are in the low 60s, snd so that plays itself through very helpfully and we can continue to invest in the business. Obviously if we get a benefit and few things pick up faster, you're going to reinvest even more which you're still going to see really, really nice margin expansion. So even if we continue to be in this environment, I feel good that if we see just modest improvements in top line we're going to continue to expand margins in the core portfolio.
Andrew Silvernail: It is, right, so if you look at – if you separate out the life science piece which is performing, continues to perform well in the core life science market. You're now talking about the industrial and the semiconductor market and in both of those and either one of those had been particular strong. So -- and also to be fair to our team running the business there, we have been really tight on making sure that we're going after attractive business, and so part of it has been self-proposed to make sure that we're going after the right business there. But if you get an improvement in the industrial and the electronics world you will see some nice pickup.
Andrew Silvernail: So, the way I kind of thing about is what's the business is going to look like through a cycle and you'll never buy perfectly, right, but what you're trying to avoid is buying something that's going to have kind of really aggressive secular downturn number one, or something we are really buying on the comp. And those are the two situations that you get yourself into trouble in terms of kind of building in any type of -- from a growth perspective. Generally, we're looking at businesses. I'll use Alfa as an example, right, so, Alfa is a business with 30 plus year still based. You can kind of look at it through a cycle and even if you don't buy it perfectly, buy it from a perfect time in the cycle, by the time you get on the back half of any kind of slowdown you're still thrilled, you own the business. So, you have high cash on cash returns, high cash flow businesses. You know what a cycle generally is going to look like. You may not pick it perfectly, but if you're buying and what I call an IDEX like business you don't have to time the market perfectly or get the price exactly right to having be a huge winner for you over time. And so, we're more looking for a quality of the business to recycle, high cash on cash returns in a business, strong repeat business installed based, a big mode defensibility and high relative market share. When you get that right, timing becomes lesser than issue than one might think.
Andrew Silvernail: So, as we've said in the past unlike I think some of our peers, we don't have kind of what I would call a traditional industrial distribution channel. So we're not dealing with the big catalogue houses per say. We're dealing much more with value added distributors. So, we don't have huge stocking levels in the channel anyway. You have some obviously that's driving a lead time, and on time delivery, but you don't have months, and months and months of stocking in the channel. So, while I'm sure that is part it. I'm sure, part of what we're experiencing right now and others are experiencing has to do with them being tighter. I do think that you're seeing overall demand slaking. And then inventory in the end market I think it's tightening substantially. So, if you want to put destocking moniker or something, I would say its more at the end user who's gotten cautious. You have seen the repel effects just like we are, right, we're tightening down and working capital has been just slowing and you're seeing that play out across the landscape. And I do expect that to be tightened. And just like we've seen in the past when that starts to loosen again, you'll see a nice pop and that would be surprising upside in the quarter at some point. But right now I really that what we're all seeing is mostly a slowing of aggregate demand with a little bit of impact of the concept of destocking.
Andrew Silvernail: Bhupender, rest assured that if we continue to see the market downturn, we'll continue drive this types of savings that we need. I think you've seen that overtime with IDEX and know this. It's built into the way that we think about reacting to positions in terms of where we say cost structure wise. But also know that we do have areas that we need to continue to invest and we're not starving those parts of the business. It's important for the types of businesses that we have or we get spec [ph] on to platforms and instruments and so forth that we continue to invest, not miss those cycles. So, now the balancing act as always is to continue to make sure we free up the dollars to invest in the growth areas and the areas that are more strategic and require incremental investments and then go after the areas that tend to be more volume based and see as we do have pockets that we go after maybe.
Andrew Silvernail: We feel pretty good about the actions we have relative to our assumptions set for 2016 and we quantify some of that in the January call.
Andrew Silvernail: It's hard to get that. Obviously, we're pretty close to our customers. I think cautiousness is out there across the board, and so there probably is some of that – probably the best way to think of it is look at ourselves, right and how we're behaving. And as we see in this environment we are tightening down our overall inventory and being more cautious about what we bring in and what goes out. So I think there is a level of cautiousness out there. They can start to feed on itself a little bit. But to be candid, Joe, I don't think I have tight enough bead to be able to call that exactly what's the mix of actual demand versus cautiousness. I mean, typically as we always see people react too slowly at first and too quickly at the end. It is always a mix of that. But I think right now I think we got a pretty good bead on certainly what the fourth quarter looks like and I think that next year is going to be a pretty slow growth environment.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Matt, what we're seeing in North America and in Europe is I'm going to call it a low single-digit growth environment, and so its holding up pretty well. China has been a little bit better, but I think that's driven more by our own actions particular with the Richter brand than it is necessarily what we're seeing in end markets. And India has been pretty good for us too. So, really across the board in the markets that we play in chemical has been – I'm going to call it good new story in a slow growth world. So it's not like its racing ahead, but it's been solid. And I expect that to continue into 2016. If you look at the business in terms of the pipeline what we're looking at, our expectations coming out of our unit, I think expecting a low single digit environment 2% to 3% is probably a good place to put your bets.
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. So total IDEX China. So, we expect it kind of mid single-digit growth China for the year. And remember that said, China is low – it's kind of a 5%, 6%, 7% of our total business, so doesn't necessarily move the needle in total at that level. And we've been plus or minus in that area. We have not been particularly disappointed nor are we overall pleased. So it's about at our expectation so far this year.
Andrew Silvernail: I'm going to spit-balling a little bit here Matt, so don't take this as gospel. But I know well exactly what's going on across our portfolio if you look at the upstream piece. Again, that was kind of 3% of our total business coming into the year, its more like 2% of our total business as we exit the year, so you're talking that's down a third. You think that are upstream. The midstream is going to be decent. So we don't play a lot as you get towards the pump so to speak, we don't play a lot there. But in the midstream which is a bulk of our business, that's going to be kind of flattish with our aero business being strong and our mobile business, it was actually strong in the first half of the year and its going to soften here in the second half of the year particularly as we look at truck built. So you know that net-net that probably ends up being flat for the year.
Andrew Silvernail: No I’m sorry if you are confused by that at all, if we didn’t communicate that well. No we’ll get -- we’ll get a point of price and we’ll certainly get our typical you know half of that net of inflation. So, when it’s all said and done it will be margin accretive to us for the year.
Andrew Silvernail: We have and now we have a pretty conservative approach to places of the world that we tend to have in terms of more receivable risk in the emerging markets where we tend to do things on letter of credit or cash advance. But in the more mature markets where credit terms are issued we have not seen any degradation there. You have to remember we are dealing a lot times with people there, larger customers and people that we’ve done business with for many years.
Andrew Silvernail: Thanks Tim, I appreciate it. And you know once again I thank everybody for participating in this call and certainly for you know the support and the interest in IDEX. You know obviously we are facing a world that’s challenging. It’s -- we’ve got some headwinds here and we expect that those are continuing in the balance of the year and into 2016 but across the board I am very pleased with how we are executing and really focussing on where we are going to put our resources in terms of organic growth and margin expansion and on the M&A front. So I appreciate it once again and we’ll talk to you here in 90 days. Take care.
