Bill Grogan: Thank you Brenda. Good morning everyone. This is Bill Grogan, Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. I am stepping in for Mike Yates this quarter. I will cover the introduction. Let me start by saying, thank you for joining us for our discussion on the IDEX second quarter financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company's financial and operating performance for the three months ending June 30, 2018 and later today we will file our 10-Q for the same period. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today's webcast, can be accessed on our company website at www.idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format of our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview and update on the market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. He will then discuss our second quarter financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And finally, we will wrap up with our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2018. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately two hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 137675420, or you may simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor language in today's press release and in IDEX's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Bill Grogan: No. I mean when you look at our first quarter margin rate and second quarter, the average there is a little bit over 22.5%. So no major mix concern. I think we will probably be closer to the top of that range. But we wanted to give ourselves a little bit of spread, depending where things go in the back half.
Bill Grogan: Within FMT, there is some seasonality where sequentially the revenue will go down a little bit here in the back half. Example, Banjo seasonality, they are more first half related and they are one of our highest margin businesses. So it's not a huge impact, but you will probably see the margins not be as robust as they were in the second quarter, but still within that mid to upper 28% range.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean the stat we look at internally, 60% of our businesses were up double digits. So that's pretty broad-based across the external segments to have that magnitude of growth across the portfolio.
Bill Grogan: Yes. So relative to our last guide, we are more confident in the back half in what the growth numbers are going to be.
Bill Grogan: I think 26% or 27%. At the current growth rate, it's been able to lever extremely well and with the two acquisitions that Andy mentioned earlier, the progress we have made on the integration front, they have well surpassed our expectations. So they are going to much more close to where they were pr-deal.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So overall, even if you take out some of the larger orders that we saw, looking at a double digit order increase, we did have some project orders that will ship in the back half of the year and even into the first part of next year. But the activity was very, very strong. I would not expect it to remain in the double-digit territory. That's too ambitious. But overall strength is pretty good. And it's in every one of the businesses. It's not in a singular business.
Andy Silvernail: No. The tariffs, as we mentioned, is going to have some impact. Certainly into the cost structure of the business, we think about $4 million to $6 million. We haven't factored in a slowdown for overall global growth. We just have much tougher comps as we go forward. As I mentioned, last quarter, we have really started to see the acceleration at the back half of last year. And I don't think we are going to decelerate sequentially, but at the same time those comps just get tougher.
Andy Silvernail: The size is relatively immaterial today. Both of them are really technology plays, when you get right down to it. Phantom really helps us overall with the integration of being able to bring together all the most valuable components on a fire truck. It optimizes productivity for firefighters and safety. And the real benefit for us in Phantom is going to be pull through revenue from other parts of the business over time. It's a really neat set of technologies. It's very, very well protected with intellectual property. So we are very positive on that. Finger Lakes that we just announced, it's fundamentally a camera technology that allows us to integrate that into our optical systems. Right now, we are having to buy off-the-shelf componentry which, as things get smaller and more efficient, it gets more difficult to do. You really need to be able to integrate that yourself. And so it's a technology purchase that is right down the road from our current business in Rochester and it will go nicely into our center of excellence.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So first on the pricing side, we got a little more than 1% in the quarter, which is a nice uptick from where we have been and that's really just our sustained strategies around the of being out and front of what we saw. Even last year, this time is a pickup in inflation. So we have been more aggressive there generally. And obviously the environment makes it easier to have those conversations with integrity with customers. The inflation has also picked up. We have kept our spread. We said, we have historically shot at somewhere over 20 to 30 point spread on price versus inflation and we have kept that. And so, we are seeing inflation pickup and it's really everywhere. It's material. It's labor. It's universal. And we expect that to continue. And obviously tariffs don't help that situation. We are having those conversations with our customers who try to, again, be ahead of everything. What you don't to be is the 20th person in line having that conversation about how tariffs have impacted the business. I think the threat and I have been talking about my concerns about inflation for a while. The threat is that, in the short-term the tariffs cause are really kind of gasoline on the inflation fire. In the long term, it's the flip side. It's actually causes the deceleration in growth. But in the short-term, we could see that impact. And we are balancing that with a combination of actual price increases and then in some cases, what I would call surcharges, where they will roll back off if tariffs roll back off. And those are broken down about 50-50.
Andy Silvernail: You never get all of it. I think realization is probably somewhere in the 50% range over time of what you go to the market with and what effectively sticks. And it's easier to have those discussions in distribution than it is with, obviously if you have long-term OEM contracts, that's a much more difficult conversation to have. And so, we will typically get more price in, if we are looking at FMT and diversified and we will get less price overall in HST.
Andy Silvernail: They are very positive If you look at our industrial businesses, our industrial fluids businesses, they are the strongest of our businesses overall. So they are signaling very positive things. We don't have any signs that that necessarily is going to slow. I am obviously very hesitant with what the overall trade discussion means to the global economy. And look, if things start to slip, they will show up fast in those businesses. Gast and Warren Rupp, in particular, Band-It, industrial, you will see that relatively quickly if the global economy starts to slow.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it's real, Allison. So let me talk about it from our perspective first. From our perspective, we really don't have a lot of physical constraints. If you look at buildings, machinery, you don't have a ton. We are definitely increasing our overall automation or semi-automation. We are doing that mostly through machining centers. And so, we are not really constrained in that way. The biggest constraints for us and for everybody is people, highly skilled people and that's going to continue and that's going to get more difficult as time goes on. And I do think that that's what's going to drive across the globe more investment in automation and semi-automation. In terms of our supply chain, we absolutely are seeing issues and we have been for some time. If you look at lead times, they have extended. As we talked about last quarter, we built some inventory last quarter, because we had seen lead times extend and we were trying to protect our customers, I think we have generally done a pretty good job of that. But there is really no way to avoid it in this environment. And that's why I think we are starting to see the capital cycle play out the way it is because you are seeing some constraints in global supply chain.
Andy Silvernail: So we have very cautiously added, what I would call, overhead to the business. If you look at our overall headcount across the globe, it's only modestly changed in the last couple of years. And so we have got a lot of productivity there. Where we are going to add people, where we have added people are at the businesses. There is really no need to add a bunch of people at corporate. As you know, it's a pretty small group anyway. It's pretty much IT, finance and HR. Otherwise, everything is at the businesses. And so that's where we are going to focus our investment. I don't really see a big need for that to change. The one thing that I talked to a lot with people about is, unlike five years ago or 10 years ago, where there was a lot of fat to trim in the downturn, that doesn't exist today. And so in the next downturn, which will come, us and everybody else are going to have to be very, very smart about how we deal with that and in terms of people in particular, right. So the people shortage that exists across the globe of really of skilled folks is going to get exacerbated here, it's not going to get better. And so when you think about a downturn, you are going to approach it differently thank you have approached in the past and you are going to do everything you can to actually be ahead of the curve and make sure that you don't hurt your great people.
Andy Silvernail: I have said this many times, I feel very confident that we are funding the things that are in front of us that makes sense. If there is a limitation, again it's people, right. I don't think it's a big limitation for us, but that's the biggest thing across any of our businesses. Great people make a huge difference. And that's why we spend so much time on it as a corporation.
Andy Silvernail: We have absolutely seen it. We work at it constantly, both in mitigating with our supply base and diversifying across suppliers and passing on price where we need to, it's there, right. So if you went back two years ago, pricing into our supply chain was effectively zero, right. It was nothing and we were getting positive productivity. Today, we are in the eight-tenths of a point range that we are starting to see. And so that's a meaningful uptick across our businesses and there is really, at this stage where we are seeing demand continue to be strong, there is no reason that's going to change unless our leadership shoots us all in the foot here.
Andy Silvernail: I mean just across the board, one of the major drivers of profitability for us has been the strength of a handful of industrial businesses that have superior contribution margins to the rest of the company and have pricing power. And so, we are very mindful about that. And so as you look at sequential changes that flow-through is big, positive or negative. And so you certainly have to watch that quarter-to-quarter.
Andy Silvernail: We have been awfully close on some things. Just recently, we walked away from almost a $0.5 billion deal and we walked away on price. We got down to the last couple of players and we walked away just with the discipline that we brought to bear. So it certainly isn't a lack of opportunities. It isn't a lack of effort. It really is the pricing environment. And so we have been very disciplined. We will continue to be disciplined. The stuff we are cultivating, that really doesn't change quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. That magnitude looks the same. It really was driven by what's come into market and we have seen a lot of activity this year come to market and we expect that to continue with these elevated valuations.
Andy Silvernail: Brett, we stopped measuring new product vitality some time ago and the reason for that is what I found is, it tends not to be a real number. It's not something that's easily auditable and it also creates a lot of bad incentives for people to rename things to increase complexity and stuff like that. So we tend not to do that. The other thing is and really the beauty of IDEX is, we tend to have very, very long product life cycles, things that last decades and have incredible durability. And so we don't want to shoot ourselves by accelerating change that doesn't need to be changed. That being said, we are really aggressive around new product development. And if you look at the growth that we are having, the 9% organic growth, over half of that is the market and about half of it we are driving. And I would argue that that most of that is coming from new product development.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So that's going to slowdown. There is no doubt about it. And I think we were probably a quarter or two early in making that call.
Andy Silvernail: The third quarter is going to be stronger than we thought before, but we don't see it accelerating from the second quarter like we saw with the second quarter accelerate from the first. Seasonally that tends to be a weaker quarter for us anyway. And I just don't think that the growth is going to accelerate. I don't suspect it's going to get weaker unless again, it's driven by some of the overall trade issues and whatnot. But I still think it's going to be pretty robust.
Andy Silvernail: That didn't really show up in the numbers, per se, because we didn't talk about it a ton. But if you are talking about it over a period of time, more than $100 million, actually probably more like $150 million, if you include what we got out of in optics that we exited. And we exited businesses where we didn't have an advantage, a distinct advantage. And so it's a relatively boring answer. It's a lot of very scrappy, in the dirt work. And in our business, things move relatively slowly. And I think, what you are seeing now is you are seeing that hard work pay itself off.
Andy Silvernail: Oh, sure. Let's us Viking, it's a great example. The Viking business has always been a flagship business for us. And what I would say is, we had a distinctive culture where we said yes to everything. So you had unbelievable modifications that we were doing that in that plant. We had lead times that were ridiculous. We really relied on the Viking brand. Our volumes were modestly growing at best for five, six, seven years and that exact playbook that I walked you through a moment ago, in the last three years of Viking, we have done the exact same thing. And even if you take away the incredible strength in the markets that they are in, Viking is doubling their market growth rates right now. The LACT business has been outstanding. We ventured multiple segments of that market with technologies that have a really distinctive advantage versus the competition. Our overall lead times, we have cut them in half in three years. And so our ability to be incredibly aggressive in the marketplace on service is unique. And when you are in an environment like this, lead times really matter. And so we have been able to do those sorts of things at Viking. So you could go across the business. I can give you examples of that in HST. I can give you examples of that at Gast. You can do a business by business and that's the key, right. There is IDEX magic here, right. Except to say, we have done this across our portfolio of 40 businesses and we have made a really tough capital and people allocation decisions around where we have distinctive advantage.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And I would use, market share is not exactly the right term, because in some places we are literally entering businesses that we haven't been in. So you could you could call it share, but it's half market growth and it's half new business that we are winning distinctively.
Andy Silvernail: Well, let me make sure I got this. So you have a question on project work generally, pricing and then LPG. So let me make sure I get all three of those.
Andy Silvernail: Okay. That certainly is the case. We tend to be a really small part of these projects. And so we don't tend to see a lot of price pressure in there. That's not something that would be particularly mentionable here. So I would say, no, it's not been a particularly big deal. And the overall pricing environment for anything right now is much more favorable than it has been in a long time. And then finally on LPG, yes, the truck builds have improved. Where are we in the cycle? I think we are actually still early to mid stage in that. That really just picked up this year, if you look at it. Now truck builds overall, as you know are astronomical. I think the U.S. is at 430,000 Class VIII trucks, if I remember right. It's a big number. And obviously, we are not as tied to that, but overall that industry is seeing major expansion. But I would say, we are still early to mid on the LPG truck build.
Andy Silvernail: Well, first, just thank you for following IDEX and the work that you do here with us. Most importantly, I really want to thank our teams. The operating teams in the business, led by Eric Ashleman, have just been outstanding. The results that we get is due to them. And I am very, very appreciative of what they bring to the table each and every day. So again, I appreciate your time and look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
