Heath Mitts: Hey, Nathan. This is Heath. Part of this is just the seasonality. If you look at it on a sequential basis, Q3 is always the lowest quarter during the year and there’s certain businesses that have a natural ramp-up, specifically in our rescue tools and in our Ag business that see a much softer Q3 is ahead of stocking.
Heath Mitts: Scott, this is Heath. Just to clarify, when we’ve talked about the 20 million to 25 million in the past which is a number that still resonates, that excludes a lot of the major restructuring programs that we’re talking about in conjunction with the CVI integration, in conjunction with some of the things we’re doing in the fire suppression front, in terms of collapsing a couple of facilities into one and some selective pieces otherwise. That 20 million to 25 million really represents the sourcing savings and then what we term internally the OpEx savings side of things. So, I don’t want to -- if you added up the restructuring piece with what I would call kind of the ongoing sourcing in OpEx savings, it would be a larger number.
Heath Mitts: It’s a little bit of help where we have the surcharges that are index based. But you got to remember right, those good calculated periodically, generally, quarterly or so. And they have to roll through inventory in terms of before you see in the P&L. So, I think to the extent the trend continues. We’ll see more meaningful in terms of our EPS and so forth in 2013 than we probably see in the back half of the year. But it’s certainly trending in our favor, which we like. But I wouldn’t want to call it out as a major tailwind.
Heath Mitts: And the teams across that segment, they delivered organic growth, organic order improvement and expansion of margins at every single business, right. They mix those that was off of a little bit but the team there, we’re very, very proud of the work that they’ve done. They took a lot of tough medicine last year. If you recall back this time last year, we were talking about some of that medicine and it’s paid off.
Heath Mitts: No. I am sorry. It’s essentially kind of flat Q2, 3Q. There is -- you’ve got a couple of pieces there right, got the CVI piece which is kind of plus or minus 2Q, 3Q and then some balance across the overall business in terms of mix and seasonality. So -- but generally, you are looking at essentially flat revenue Q2, 3Q.
Heath Mitts: And you got Matcon coming in. They will have a little bit of step-up related to Matcon in the third quarter. And we had some inventory charges in the segment in the quarter as well. So there are always moving parts in any given quarter. But there is enough that we have some confidence in our improving margin condition there regardless of any topline support.
Heath Mitts: No. What we said was that U.S. piece grew very nicely and the international piece was much slower. It was not negative growth international but it was much, much slower.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. No problem, Nathan. This is Andy. Well, first and foremost, we have reduced the overall headcount in the business by a magnitude of plus 20%. So we’ve been pretty aggressive there. We have a fully consolidated one facility and partially consolidated a couple of other facilities already in the past year. As we look forward, we have rationalization happening at two major manufacturing facilities as we go forward. And we’re going to continue to invest in product development and around a number of core customers. So we’ve been pretty aggressive already. The thing to remember here, this is a very high contribution margin business. And so, as you struggle with topline, it’s tough to catch frankly. Let’s be honest about that. But on the upside, it’s a business that drives very, very strong incremental profitability.
Andy Silvernail: On the total numbers? Not specific in there. This is something that’s been ongoing and it’s been part of our execution plan, frankly. We have ramped it up as we saw some slippage in the topline from Q1 to Q2. But it’s -- to get into that level of detail we would probably not be constructive.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. There are a handful of actions that you can do in terms of outsourcing of some less value-added product and we’re in the process of doing that. But recognize that a lot of that business is involved in the areas of coding and coders are fixed costs structure and it’s exceptionally inefficient to outsource that in terms of quality and productivity. And it’s a business that because of that as you see incremental revenue growth, it really is an outstanding profit generator and cash generator, but we’re -- candidly, we’re facing on the downside some of that pain.
Andy Silvernail: So the U.S. was very strong, Joe. And across the Board, we -- basically in every business that we have, the U.S. continued to be strong. Certainly, the underlying markets were strong and we had some great success in terms of overall product introductions and taking share. As you look across the international landscape, it really kind of flipped on its head compared to what’s happened in the last three or four years where in the last three or four year, international growth was above U.S. and now the U.S. growth is considerably above the rest of the international landscape. Very specifically as you kind of parse that out, what you will see is you’ll see China continues to grow, although we did see a meaningful slowdown and Europe contracted. Europe, I think is a tough story kind of across the spectrum and we expect it to continue that way, and we are operating with that expectation. And while, the second quarter was tough from a China perspective, we expect that to have some rebound as we go forward.
Andy Silvernail: We are relatively fortunate based on where things are located in Europe, that we have more flexibility. We don’t have a lot of our cost structure in Europe in the most difficult places to do business. We have them in places that are little bit easier. So we have some flexibility. To the -- so we are able to get after that. At the same time, kind of regardless of where you are in Europe, it is slower than if you are in the U.S.
Andy Silvernail: I think you got to kind of parse it. I’m going to separate CVI for a second, talk about the other pieces. And our expectation is that, we will start to see improving overall book-to-bill across those businesses. From a CVI perspective, we are being cautious. We’re looking at it from the perspective of our -- the need to take down that fixed cost structure and not count on a major rebound. But minus that piece of the business, I think we’re going to start to see some improving comps going forward. Although, I don’t think it’s going to be dramatic, Joe, don’t get me wrong. I don’t think we see a major rebound in the second half.
Andy Silvernail: As always we won’t talk about any specifics. We never do that with any specific customer. But what I would say is that what we saw in the outlook that we had 90 days ago is pretty consistent. You see bits and pieces that are getting better but also realize that you’re coming off of some weaker comps here in the back half of last year. I really do believe that we’re going to have to get into the end of this year, first of next year with some of the -- frankly the political decisions and the political pressures specifically the fiscal cliff to get some resolution and to get comfort in larger swaths of that market.Mike Halloran – Robert W. Baird: Good stuff. Thanks for the time guys.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. It’s about a third for FMT and about a third across the business. It is pretty consistent plus or minus a few points, Allison.
Andy Silvernail: No. It was pretty -- what I will say is, it was pretty level after -- it was a few weeks into the quarter that kind of across the board we saw some of the softness. Obviously, we had our earnings release I think in the second or third week and we saw it pretty soon thereafter. And that was pretty consistent with really Europe being the big culprit and China decelerating. And then if we look across the businesses, as we mentioned, most of the businesses are still holding up pretty well, especially with U.S. exposure. Water, globally is struggling I think more than expected. And the U.S. has a few little signs that are encouraging, although I wouldn’t blow that out of proportion. 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I really do think it’s a bifurcated market right now and we’ve seen it for quite some time. And what I mean by that is the small-to-medium size stuff that is I will call it that really fits, really closely to the existing platforms, almost tuck-in type acquisitions. Those things are more prominent I think in the marketplace generally. But also, you know, recognize that most of the stuff that we’re talking about, we have been cultivating for a very, very long time and they had to live through a couple of pretty tough cycles going back to kind of ‘07. So that is more favorable. The larger deal size, I still think it is less favorable, basically because of pricing. And there just aren’t a lot of things out there that are kind of core to us that are big that I think are going to have any kind of a favorable pricing.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think, Scott, 20 million to 25 million is a pretty good number. And the reason I say that, Scott, is that a lot of the benefits, I’ll call them the easy benefits, right. When we were a little bit smaller, we plucked a lot of that low hanging fruit so to speak. So, I think that 20 million to 25 million is still a pretty good number from that perspective. I will say however, that overall, driving net productivity, right. And I mean productivity more than just manufacturing. So productivity throughout the entire value stream, as you look at fixed costs including SG&A, as you look at fixed costs in, kind of, non-direct labor, non-material, we can take a sharper eye to that. And that’s been a big piece of our focus here in the last year is recognizing that although we’re a very profitable company and we have great defensibility in our businesses, we need to be very tough-minded about overall execution and our ability to drive net productivity year-over-year.
Andy Silvernail: Sure. That’s a fair statement. I think the first thing, Scott, is that statement was directed at -- we are going to be balanced in our overall capital deployment. Right? We’re going to deploy capital to drive total shareholder return. Acquisitions are clearly the first thing that comes into that strategy and are going to be very important. I think you are right, we are not going to deploy $1 billion in $20 million acquisition, that’s absolutely not going to happen. But as you think about what I consider small to midsize, I am calling $20 million to $100 million, maybe $125 million plus or minus, that’s what I would include in that basket. And so, I think what’s very important here is that we have a great balance sheet. We have plenty of available capital. We have terrific cash flow. We are -- the platform strategy and organization that we put in place, allows us to do more acquisitions with less risk, because we’re able to be balanced across the platform. You saw that with the ERC going into scientific fluidics and then Matcon going into Material Process Technology. So I do think we increase our overall financial capacity. We increase our organizational capacity. And we’re going to deploy capital to drive overall shareholder returns.
Andy Silvernail: A couple of things, the coat activity has picked up meaningfully. I was actually just doing operating reviews last week with a number of our water businesses around the country and we’re seeing the coat activity improve. I am not going to say that the order activity is substantially improving, but with the coat activity is improving. And if you look at our water service business ADS, a couple of interesting trends there. Number one, that the coat activity has meaningfully improved. Their order book has gotten better, especially when you’re looking at things with long-term point of view. Meaning, what you are seeing happening as you are seeing what was historically capital projects turning into operating expenses, which means that I think what we’re seeing here is municipality still don’t have the big money to go out and raise a lot of cash through muni bonds, but at the same time they have to implement some of the structural changes to their systems. And so they are re-diverting some cash from capital to operating. So they get those things done. So we’re seeing that a meaningful change in the timeframe of some of these projects. But some of the coats that are coming through and some of the dollars that are being quoted are -- they are definitely different than we saw three, six, nine months ago. So, but I’m being very cautious. I -- we’ve said this before and I will say it again. This is driven by tax receipts. And so there are some pieces of news that we’re seeing about improvements around housing front which really drives the tax received at the community level. But let’s just say I’m cautiously optimistic. I don’t want to get too far upfront on this.Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And just on the European market, particularly with Germany which is your largest, I guess…
Andy Silvernail: So, just to put in perspective Europe as a total, so how we’re ringing the cash registered in Europe is to about 26% of our overall business. A lot of that ends up in non-European markets. So, it’s not all directly in Europe. About 10 points is Germany with the same characteristics that I just mentioned, probably more so from an export basis. I was over in Europe just a month or so ago for the [ACME] show, which kind of -- is our biggest show on the FMT side and actually HST to some degree also in Europe. And you continue to see real dichotomy, right. The folks who are European, excuse me, the folks who are German and so predominately in German are exporting outside of Continental Europe are still pretty happy and the folks who are anything but that are struggling. And that’s the way characterize it. That being said, Germany is slower than we saw in the first quarter and we expect that to be the case as we look forward.Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Silvernail: There is actually more in the FMT pipeline right now. Not meaningfully, but there is more and there is more further down that FMT pipeline right now. But over time, I’ve said this before and we will really keep position unless something strategically really changes. We like the balance. We like the balance an awful lot. And as we work the pipeline and cultivate it, we’re going to try to keep the balance.Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Andy Silvernail: Not really. I would say if there’s anything to really note is just kind of frankly funny to see the private equity stuff that is coming out really aggressively, at least, in the last couple of months, which you always got to be a little bit cautious about that. Things with more European content, I think some people try to rush out the door, those things don’t happen short cycles. So we’re seeing -- we’re still seeing some pretty good overall balance. Obviously, anything with a lot of European content we’re looking at really critically, right just because what is going on in the world right now. At the same time, I think it’s important to say, Jim, that if you went back and you looked at ‘07, ‘08, ‘09, there are number of European properties, they got transacted on very attractive properties, that some people shied away from, and right now have turned into huge winners. So, we got to be critical about it, but at the same time, we shouldn’t walk away just because something has European content.
Andy Silvernail: I am going to hold, Jim, I’m going to hold to -- obviously, we have the data but just as a precedent. I’m going to hold to what we put into the earnings release, which is if you exclude the impact of margins operating -- I’m sorry, if you exclude the impact of acquisitions, the operating margins would have been up about 40 basis points versus down 470. I would tell you that the lion share of that is the optics piece of things, the CVI piece. And within that obviously, a chunk of that is driven by intangible amortization within that piece. But then you also have some step-up costs and other things related to ERC that were included in there. So, these are normal course of business, we didn’t adjust for the numbers in that so.
Andy Silvernail: I would say, obviously, dispensing had a piece of it, because it was coming off of a difficult comp period from the prior year. Rescue tools also performed well. But even within that fire suppression, the fire piece was mid-single digit growth and Band-It did well. So it wasn’t all one piece of it.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. I think you’ve got to, kind of, split that in that as you look at optics in Photonics. We’re not going to put more work on that team until we’re comfortable that we’re where we want to be on CVI. And so from that perspective, we have throttled that back and will throttle that back. The only way we would do want is if something that is very strategically important to us. We’re there and we would probably set that to the side for a short period of time. On the other side of it, Walt, as you look at the pipeline, there is a good pipeline within the other parts of the platform. If I look at ceiling, as I look at Material Process Technology and to some degree scientific fluidics, that I think are attractive and we will continue to work. And I don’t think we should shy away from those.
Andy Silvernail: Well, if we really had a slower organic growth environment here now for about a year. When I look at very specifically, the analytical instruments in the life science market, that is not the case as you look at about 50% of the rest of that portfolio. That still has very good growth potential. And frankly, when you think of this from a strategic perspective, those markets -- we believe very strongly, those markets are going to outperform global GDP. And so, while we may not buying -- may not making acquisitions because it is going to have 10% organic growth next year, we certainly will continue to do acquisitions in HST because we believe the segment that we play in -- we believe strongly that the segments that we play in have superior growth capabilities.
Andy Silvernail: All right. Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. We appreciate the interest that you have in the business, the ongoing interest you have in the business. We fully understand the challenges that are in the marketplace today. At the same time, we have got a set of very, very strong businesses that are executing and have the ability to drive very consistent high performance. And we’re very focused on execution. So we’re going to work with the realities of the environment in front of us. And our job is to really drive superior returns. So again, thank you for your time and we appreciate it and we’ll talk to you guys very soon. Take care.
