Larry Kingsley: Well, if you go back to that bridge, obviously, really the only range there is EPS -- incremental EPS is generated on the organic volume which you can see, so you could choose to take somewhere higher along that range if you want to. And you do have, as I called out that interest expense, of a nickel in the back half. Robert, I don’t know if you have the bridge in front of you but we are planning to go out with some additional debt late in the third quarter which will have an impact in the second half, primarily the fourth quarter. That new debt just taking advantage of the interest rate markets and terming out some of our existing bank debt will have an impact the other way ands that is included in our guidance assumption. That is to the tune of about $0.05 in the second half of the year.
Larry Kingsley: To your earlier comment, the question regarding the 2012 impact, the $0.15 to $0.20 is the true CVI impact to the company next year on a GAAP basis. So meaning that’s inclusive of the $12 million of additional intangible amortization. We will, as we guide for 2012, we will have higher interest expense next year, not necessarily specific to CVI but more so as we are taking on additional debt in the fourth quarter that will calendarize for full year next year. We have not called that what that it is as we are not prepared to give the rest of our 2012 guidance.
Larry Kingsley: That’s exactly right. We are using it term out about $350 million of our current bank facility and there is an incremental impact from that albeit we’ll get good 10-year interest rates.
Larry Kingsley: You are on it, Robert. I would tell you though that what we are seeing against the existing profile that drove that 14% for the segment for the quarter and as you remember a bigger number in the first quarter, it’s pretty broad based. We saw healthy orders and we think we continue to see healthy orders in certainly the chemical end markets but also energy. Ag is doing fantastically well. When you go right through it all of the food looks quite good right now for us. The piece that is somewhat anemic relative to the rest is water which you would expect, but even water is growing for us. And if you break it down, there is a pretty different story for the US portion versus the international piece and when you do the math, it’s something like 7% of the company revenue exposure is for US water. So that’s kind of the trouble area, if you will, within FMT. Everything else is quite good. To get back to your question on where it’s coming from, what’s within the chemical end markets, so far what we’ve seen is the US chemical orders have been largely MRO. There is not much big project activity in that. The international portion of what we are seeing out of chemical for FMT has been much more project driven with continued expansion and more projects on the books right now. So if there is infrastructure expansion and the word is that there is some coming in 2012, in the US that would be a layer on top of what the current profile would suggest.
Larry Kingsley: Sure, Allison. I think frankly for us, it’s almost never been better. We’ve got a number of ongoing very solid proprietary transactions in various stages and we can afford to be really choosy as to which ones we chase. The strategic focus is, as I said in the last call, I think still short term executing on very key HST acquisitions, but we also have some very attractive FMT things that we think are high likelihood of getting close this year. So you’ll see us between now and the end of the year continue to generate some very, very nice returns on some very meaningful strategic elements to both FMT and HST. I’m not going to comment very specifically on pricing, Allison, for maybe obvious reasons, but we are very pleased with what we are finding.
Larry Kingsley: On a company wide basis, orders -- organic orders increased through the quarter, so a little less linear than we’ve seen over the last few quarters. What we are seeing generally speaking right now is that still a fair amount of volatility and a lot of desire operationally to place orders later with the assumption that we can fulfill or any good supplier can fulfill. So there is hesitancy, in many cases, to place blankets and we see those as some of perturbations on what you find year-over-year, HST being certainly the primary example this quarter. I do think though that we are starting to fall into a little bit more normal book-to-bill kind of environment and so while things are compressing slightly right now in the middle part of this year because essentially working off bigger order commitments in Q4 and Q1, we -- what we see Allison looking into the back half is that you get to a little bit more of a normalized order and sales relationship and not to go too far into this, but our internal forecast still supports the same kind of perspective that we have for HST at the beginning of the year and an improved one for FMT.
Larry Kingsley: Wendy, start with the reasons for as why we perhaps wouldn’t get back to there is one, we are growing internationally much faster than domestically and a lot of companies are obviously struggling with realizing margins in emerging markets at the same kind of rates that they have seen historically in the developed markets. We are not. We are actually seeing really strong margin as a function of basically the same business model and we are very pleased. I would tell you I’m really happy with what we are seeing year-to-date and what we have going forward coming out of the fastest growing markets around the world in terms of P&L profile. So that looks good. When you get right down to what other impacts you have to organic flow-through in this environment you still -- if the economy does grow you still have the potential for inflation adversely impacting the performance and we historically had always been hovering around kind of 200 bps or maybe just 200 bps of price per year off of relatively stable material incoming costs. We are not quite back to that formula yet, but it looks like we are coming back to it. In the quarter we were -- price was probably about 130 bips year-over-year for the base business and as I said in the remarks, we think we have got material costs well in hand now for the full year. So there’s a little bit of improvement necessary to get back to that kind of incremental flow-through math that we saw pre ‘09. The infrastructure or internal IDEX SG&A investments aren’t going to inhibit our ability to get back to peak margins at all. The only thing when you link about the company all up that certainly does impact it is the degree of acquisition content that comes in at any given point in time because of the amortization math that comes with that. So, in a given quarter, you are going to have the impact of chunks of acquisitions that come in a GAAP EPS form that are certainly much lower than the rate that you could see out of the base business.
Larry Kingsley: What we are doing, Wendy and we’ll talk more about it next quarter, but we are simultaneously going after internal footprint costs at the same time investing in the business. So, I think the requirement now for leadership is to be somewhat schizophrenic. We are aggressively investing where we think the profile of the business needs to be. At the same time, we’re certainly aggressively going after costs to make sure that we can support the investments. So, you’ll continue to see us go after what our, you know, all of the cost components and certainly going after the western world pretty aggressively to support what we want to do to go to the higher growth markets.
Larry Kingsley: The actual, I’ll say fixed overhead of the corporate piece has not changed markedly over the past couple of years. It’s really tied to specific transactions when we are active in a diligent phase or a completion phase of those deals. So what you are seeing here year-to-date have been very specific to the deals that we’ve closed this year, ATFilms, Microfluidics and CVI.
Larry Kingsley: A big picture, yeah. I think -- what we’re sorting out again in a fully disclosed sense here is how much backdoor material cost inflation is still inherent within the material or procurement portion of our annual savings plan and needs to get netted out of what we are seeing in the way of total strategic sourcing savings. And so that math is a little bit different now than it was in the good old days.
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. Essentially, U.S. growth rate for the company was about a third of the rest of the world, simple terms, a third of the faster growing markets. And I think that profile is pretty close to what we’re going to see for the full year. Think about the U.S. growing at kind of the 4% range organically, the rest of the world growing three times that pace and emerging markets growing off the charts.
Larry Kingsley: Europe is actually good. In total, northern Europe for our market and for our content is positioned as very strong. And we don’t have very much that we think is diversely impacted in southern Europe. Even our Italian business has got pretty strong global position so a good chunk of it gets exported. So I think, for us, for the full year, Europe will be a pretty healthy story.
Larry Kingsley: Sure. We saw a better project content in energy in the first quarter than we saw this past quarter. But we’ve got nice things on the docket frankly right now for the back half of the year. So I don’t know if I’d assign trends to any of that as much as it is, just some of the things that we’ve got that we’re working on. Strong international growth, very strong, U.S. would follow that same pattern I just spoke to with respect to the whole company. Again, we’re midstream. So we’re not going to see the super high organic contribution that the companies have got more upstream content are seeing here for the short term. We tend to see a better performance in down markets given where we play and not such -- so much fantastic upstream content, high growth in the cyclical portion of the market that you’re seeing right now from that respective area.
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. Sure. So as I said, maybe just to help you with some math. Think about, we probably should have generated a free cash number in the quarter of 55 million or better. So you’re bridges 55 to 46 as a minimum, potentially, that’s entirely inventory to keep it simple. There are other very small puts and takes but it’s basically inventory. And that comes down to from what we did over that 90-day period to about half of that roughly was understood, known, even approved in many cases in advance as investment to make sure we locked in capability and capacity, where we thought we were facing some shortage. And another good chunk within that, understood and predetermined half was to achieve appropriate pricing given what was pretty volatile, particularly metals commodity activity earlier in the year. The other few million now that I spoke to that is not stuff that we predetermined and planned for and frankly, wasn’t good process was, I think, a bit of overreaction on the various folks throughout the company seeing tremendous volatility in both demand patterns and ability of the supply chain to support that, to ensure that we didn’t miss our on-time delivery commitments to our customers and we were bidding entirely very hard through the first quarter making sure that OTD for the company was at a minimum of 90% to customer request if not shooting for 95%. So I think we got a tab, kind of overreacted, if you will, with respect to how we make sure that was satisfied. If you look at the back half of the year, I think you’ll see a more typical IDEX free cash equation generated and that will allow us to achieve certainly much stronger performance. We already -- I think we’re going to see it here in Q3 and in Q4. So there’s no mystery as to what we need to do. It’s just a, kind of a, bit of counter measure required due to the overreaction from early in the year.
Larry Kingsley: Well, let’s see. How’s is -- I’m thinking about the best way to answer that question. I think, you just ought to assume that FMT is going to continue to expand margin based on what looks to be good mix here for the next few quarters, good leverage. They are getting nice flow through and I don’t see any reason why that changes too tremendously.Brian Meyer – Robert W. Baird: Fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Larry Kingsley: Most of the price action started in February and we’re well in place going into the quarter. So you wouldn’t see a sales impact in the quarter that was a pull forward from Q3.
Larry Kingsley: Yeah. I would say that I think we feel good, very good about where the businesses are, generally speaking relative to plan and relative to the market trends that we see. To give you some color, so if you go back to the fourth quarter and earlier in the year, we called out -- we said roughly 80% of the end markets we thought would be quite strong, 20% not so great. That’s better versus worse number is improving. So what’s not great is North American water. That’s about 7% or so of the company. Fire which is -- or the U.S. portion of that which is 3% of the company and Dispensing if you think about and can give me all these kind of pro forma thinking about with CVI included but Dispensing probably you know, down to six or so in the third quarter. So you add those up and you get to whatever that is, 15, 16 points on the top line for which I think it’s not good. But we knew it was going to be not good. What’s improved and we feel incrementally better about is the breadth and health of what we’re seeing out of FMT.
Larry Kingsley: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Thank you for joining. I think we’ve -- by way of the prepared remarks and the questions basically covered it very completely. We’re in great shape as we look from this point through the back half of the year. The revenue looks strong and we’re achieving great throw flow through as we would have expected. So thank you for joining and we look forward to talking to you through the course of the quarter and on the next call.
