Andrew K. Silvernail: So, Mike, first of all, what I would say is that generally the performance that we're seeing here is sustainable. We had a couple of items in the quarter that were a little bit discrete, meaning a little bit better profitability than you would normally see. So what I would say is the base we're building off is slightly below the overall performance that we saw in the third quarter, but it's going to be pretty close.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think you're still going to see pretty healthy incrementals. As we said before, in particular, this -- HST has the same kind of contribution margins, generally, that the rest of IDEX has. With -- the biggest piece that's kind of different is that we think we can grow the Optics business meaningfully without having to add a lot of structural cost, and that has a pretty high contribution margin. So historically, we've shot for 30% to 35% across the enterprise. You're going to see better than that, I think, for the next year or so in HST as you get traction.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Mike, it's still pretty mixed. So we're happy. If I kind of dissect it a little bit, right, so let's look at FMT orders. I mean, obviously, we're happy to post a 9% organic number. A bunch of that is certainly initiative driven. But also, it's a pretty easy comp. So I don't want to get too far out over my skis on that one. It would be great to kind of pound your chest a little bit, but I want to be realistic. I think if you look second quarter to third quarter, I would say the overall environment looks similar. We've seen a little bit of the same thing around North American distribution volatility. We certainly see it in our gas business, a little bit in our Micropump business, and those fall into the industrial side of HST. And so that's something that we've seen this for a while. There's been a lot of spikiness around that. And I think as you got close to the government shutdown this time, people got a little bit nervous in the third quarter. So far, order books for the fourth quarter don't show that there's any meaningfully negative thing. But at the same time, there's a lot of craziness going on in the world. So that's why we really remain pretty cautious.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, from a price perspective, it's really no different than what we've seen in other quarters. That's not a -- that's a kind of consistent piece of it. I would say, we've got -- we're getting a lot of benefits from the restructuring that we did, certainly, last year. And also, if you look at, at our Optics business, our Fire business and our Water Services business, in particular our water business in total, those 3 businesses have meaningfully changed their margin profile. And so, you're certainly getting some benefit of that. And I would say, certainly, from a mix perspective, right, contribution margins are pretty darn good. And so, when you get some nice growth here, top line growth out of FMT, that helps there. So it's really across the board. There's no one item that you'd put your finger on and say, "That's the answer." And that's what we like, by the way, right? We want to see our teams driving profitability, pulling multiple levers.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. You got to remember, right, we've got a lot of benefit out of the restructuring that we did last year from some of the complexity reduction, and that's not going to necessarily increase. That being said, we are going to do some targeted restructuring in the fourth quarter that we're going to eat in our P&L. And if you look at our earnings bridge, it certainly is in there. And I -- we're just going to pay for that. There are some things that we can do and we're going to do that are really just right for the business. And so, we'll do that in the fourth quarter. So we'll get a little bit of benefit, not a lot, but a little bit of benefit in 2014 from that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. When we think about share repurchases, Matt, we really think about it from an intrinsic value standpoint. So we don't think of it as kind of how much cash you do or don't have on the balance sheet per se. It's more around a very long-term view of the company. And so, our overall strategy about being pretty consistent, except in times of dislocation, we'll keep that strategy in place.
Andrew K. Silvernail: We've made the investments, Allison. Obviously, in my remarks, we anticipated that people would have some questions around this, just because of the margin expansion. But we've made some pretty nice investments across the globe, and we feel pretty good about that. And I think it's showing in some of the order book.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So I think it's mostly IDEX today. I will say that the business is modestly better. And the reason I say that is just some of the book-and-turn business has improved. There have really been 2 things that have driven most of the growth on the services side. So I'm going to split this, Allison, between services and industrial, because the services is really the piece that's touching the municipal market, which I think is what you're asking about. On the services side, we've had a really nice product introduction out of our iPEK business that has won a bunch of share in the U.S., and that's been a big piece. So if you kind of segment their daily book-and-turn business and that piece that we know is really about new products, so let's set that piece aside for a second, and then you look at our water services business, which is really a monitoring business, in which we're seeing some nice wins there, too, you can really see the very specific wins that are initiative based on how we've targeted markets. So if you take those 2 pieces out and you just kind of look at the underlying book-and-turn business, and you look at the not so much the order pattern, but the quote patterns, what they would tell you is it's modestly improved.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, you bet. Well, we don't typically break it out by segment, but we can give you kind of overall, our expectations for the business, which is we think that you're going to have about 5% coming directly from organic and another point from acquisition. As you know, we don't kind of break it out specifically like that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: What we've said in the past is we think that this is a portfolio that has the potential to be in the low 20s, right? And what I said before is I thought in at least 1 quarter of 2014, we'd hit 20%, from an operating profit margin. Obviously, we got pretty close here in the third quarter of this year. The -- so I think next year, we'll have at least 1 quarter where we'll hit 20%. And then as we go forward, I think we have the potential to be in the low 20s with the current portfolio as it's constructed today.
Andrew K. Silvernail: On the -- just the cost outside, we're going to -- as I said before, we're going to do some modest stuff that will eat in the P&L here in the fourth quarter on just kind of classic restructuring. We've got one facility that we're targeting to close. And then just some general restructuring around complexity reduction. And again, a lot of this, frankly, is happening outside of the United States. So the paybacks are just longer, right? So in the U.S., typically, you'll get a 12- to 18-month payback on that kind of stuff. When you look at anything outside of the U.S., it's 2 years and sometimes can even be more than that. So now that being said, on an ongoing basis, we are really going after -- maybe complexity reduction is not the right word, it's really complexity optimization. Because in our business, complexity is a piece of the competitive advantage, right? And you got to make sure you don't go too far down that path. And so for us, that's an ongoing thing, and we think there's some runway with continuing to do that in the portfolio.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think -- let me just talk for a second about the overall market. I think the themes that have been playing out here for almost, geez, for going on 18 months, 2 years, about expanding multiples in the markets. And I think, as everyone knows, there are multiple drivers to that. You've got, certainly, the incredibly low cost to money, you've got some people chasing growth and you've got private equity that really has raised, what I'll call, the cover bid in a number of the places. And so, certainly, things that are north of $100 million, $150 million of enterprise value that are of any quality at all, you're seeing a lot of competition for those assets. That being said, the comments that we've made here for a while still ring true, which is in our sweet spot, which is kind of the small to middle market, there are still things to get done, and that's where we spend the bulk of our time. And so, if you look at our funnels and you look at our activity levels, they're pretty good. It's just breaking some of those things loose. So, Scott, to get to the point here, it's always hard to tell, right? In these sorts of things until you kind of get down to the last piece of it, it's difficult to say. And as I said in the second quarter and it holds true here in the third quarter, we've been close on a number of things that ultimately, for either price or terms, was not really the right thing for us. And so, we're going to be discerning. It's very hard to overcome buying something at the peak and it's very hard to overcome buying something for a very high price. And so, we're going to be very disciplined about this. So the answer is I don't know, Scott, around the fourth quarter or in 6 months. But I can tell you, we're working our tails off to do this. It's a very important part of our overall strategy, and it's something we're going to continue to do. And ultimately, right, these windows will open back up and we'll be certainly in a great position to execute.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No, they're really not. They're really not. Actually, if you look at valuations, the valuations are actually a little higher on FMT-like properties than they are on HST-like properties. I would say that the funnels look pretty comparable.
Andrew K. Silvernail: And in those businesses, certainly, I would say, that across our landscape of customers, the product cycles are moving forward. There is no inclination at all that those are slowing down. And I think you'll -- what you have is you've got some product cycles that are a little bit long in the tooth in a number of segments. So certainly, if you look at parts of diagnostics, that's absolutely true. And if you look at the analytical instrumentation market, that's a very competitive market for new product development, and that's moving forward. And then on the biotechnology side, that's a footrace. And so, I expect that that's going to continue to really take off. So my overall expectations for product cycles have not changed.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I think that there are some, and I'll touch on all 3 of those, actually. If you look on the mass spec side, what you're seeing is very typical that you see in that marketplace, which is you're seeing mass specs now reach a price point and a capability point where the applicability to a number of applications is starting to open up. So the overall growth rates in that market continue to be very good, and I expect that they will be for a long time, just because the number of applications that they can touch now becomes accessible. And that's really very consistent with how these markets play out over time. And then a large installed base gets put in place. It really drives an aftermarket, and then the product life cycles continue to evolve. So we're pretty positive on mass spec. On ultrahigh pressure liquid chromatography, the overall -- if you look at kind of just the HPLC world, the unit volume there has been coming down for years in very small increments, while the UHPLC business continues to grow pretty quickly. Those businesses are now, from a dollar volume standpoint in the industry, are actually 50-50. And so, the UHPLC applications continue to grow there. On genome sequencing, I actually think it's kind of funny that it hasn't gotten the press, but the progress there has been much faster than people anticipated 3, 4, 5 years ago, including myself, in terms of getting down to applicability in the point-of-care market. We're still not at the point where you're going to sit in a doctor's office and they're going to give you an answer in an hour. But the cost points have definitely changed. And what that really matters so much is personalized care. And how that is exactly going to play out, that's -- I don't really know. But certainly, with the pressure on reducing the overall cost of treatment, that's going to be a meaningful piece of that. So I think all 3 of those, Paul, are going to be good stories for that 30% of our HST business.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You got to realize that in the pharma side, that whole game has changed massively, right? It's changed so much over to the generics. And so I think the classic pharma guys, they're putting their money really in new drugs and they're trying to find kind of that next breakthrough drug. So I don't think you're going to see big changes in their R&D budgets. I would not expect to see that, but I think modest incrementals from here from what are pretty low levels right now, right? And the game has changed very, very much towards the generic guys. On the biotech side, that is, as you know, a really, really volatile market in many, many ways, because they're really trying to get the next breakthrough. And ultimately, they are kind of an R&D pipeline oftentimes for the big pharma guys. So that's going to be volatile, but it's going to grow pretty quickly.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Charlie, the way that, that is going to flow, very, very typically with these sort of things, is that they're trying to get them in for the season. And so, you'll see that -- I mean, just from the fact of our ability to execute and our customers' ability to execute, it has to be somewhat ratable, somewhat. There'll be a little bit of a push here towards the end of May. There's no doubt about it. That's just the way it works. But I think you're going to kind of look at a manufacture-and-ship schedule, and I've looked at it discretely, that's going to be pretty level loaded.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's -- I'm going to guess here, 1 point or 2, in total, for the segment as a whole. There were 2 really discrete things that we comped in the quarter. But at the same time, let me be clear, the day rates in that side of the business weren't anything to get overly excited about either. So that certainly is -- that certainly was real, it was certainly there, but the day rates aren't exactly like they're blowing the doors off.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Matt, that question was brought up a little bit earlier, and what we said to folks is, is that's a little bit inflated this quarter. There were a couple of discrete items that -- where we've got a little bit higher profitability than we normally would have. But I would say, generally, just below that is probably a new good mark, given the mix and given the overall volume.
Andrew K. Silvernail: We don't specifically break that out per se. What I can tell you is that our ultimate goal is to drive net productivity, both on the sourcing side and on the conversion cost. And so, obviously, in a world of low inflation, that's easier to do and can certainly help drive the bottom line, and we get a little bit of that today. But we don't actually break out that number discretely.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think it will probably be right in that range. Obviously, it falls into different buckets. It's harder in our HST businesses. It's a little bit easier in parts of Diversified and in parts of FMT. But generally, you should expect to see what you've normally seen out of us.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure, Kevin. Let me touch the capital side first. We're a little bit lower on the capital spend than we had expected to be at this stage of the year and, ultimately, just how it flows through when we did our operating calls here with our group here in the quarter. We were pushing them on that too, on making sure that we're not holding back any smart investments. Certainly, not intentional, being a couple of million dollars behind where we want to be. And we really -- frankly, we want to put as much capital as we can into organic growth. I mean, it's -- the return on invested capital is very, very high for our organic growth projects. And so, we are -- as we went through our strat planning cycle here in September and as we'll talk to our board in November, organic growth investments are going to be critical. So we certainly don't want to hold back capital to that regard. The -- as we think about working capital, we have made nice traction, and that's really come in a handful of ways. I think, first and foremost is we put a lot of time and effort into really understanding buying patterns, really understanding complexity of what we're buying, consolidating suppliers into the folks who are really our A suppliers and putting intelligent processes in place that aren't just squeezing our suppliers, and we look at our suppliers as being partners. And at the end of the day, right, our incremental margins and our return on capital, to save a couple of pennies in the supply chain when you can drive velocity, that's the trade-off you want. And our partners, I think, like that, and I think that has helped pay off. That being said, the gains that we've gotten here in the last 18 months, those get hard to replicate as you continue to drive that down. But we can get incrementally better as we go forward.
Andrew K. Silvernail: No. I think we're kind of still middle of the game here. There's a lot to do. And also, this is like one of those things that when you kind of open the box and you start going through it, you find new stuff every time, right? And it's really a matter of sticking with it on a consistent basis.
Andrew K. Silvernail: The term that you used around lumpy is right. These things tend to be in, from a customer perspective, in multiyear cycles. And so, we don't have anything here on the radar screen that looks anything like this. And frankly, I got to give the team a ton of credit. This was a share win. The win that we got here was very much a share win, and it came down to offering the best technology, absolutely great service and incredible attention to detail in the process. And so, while I don't see anything like this on the horizon, that team really needs to be congratulated for executing very well.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I think the first thing is easy comps, Mark, to be honest with you, right? We started seeing that. We consciously started to walk away from unprofitable business here. So the order run rate and the sales run rate that we're at today, we do have easier comps in the fourth quarter. So I want to be clear about that. That being said, there are some signs out there that are a little bit better. And part of that just comes down to the bottoming of a number of the markets that we've been playing in. We have a decent position around semiconductor. There are some expectations that next year that's going to pick up. We don't buy -- I'm not banking our plan on that and our teams aren't banking our team plan on that.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Never. That's exactly right. And then they've done a pretty good job from a new-product perspective. So I feel, I'm going to say, cautiously optimistic about that. This has all have been -- this has all been about profit expansion, positioning the business properly, focusing on the right end markets and getting our teams focused on those markets. And as we go forward, I think that's where we can start to move the needle organically.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I mean, you can certainly -- it's possible. At the same time, right, I mean, you do have to make reinvestments in these businesses, right? And so, a lot of the benefit that we've gotten in FMT this year is from our Water business, which was a lower performer and has really improved profitability, very, very meaningful, just generally. And then if you look at our Energy business, not only have they had very nice order and sales growth, they've done a terrific job from a profit expansion. So I don't think you're going to find that same bag of tricks again in 2014 and beyond with our current portfolio. And you do have -- mix can swing a little bit. So I think where we're at today, we feel pretty good about -- you'll see kind of normal incrementals with volume as you go forward. But we feel pretty good about where we are.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So it's a healthy piece of aftermarket that doesn't necessarily get impacted so much by that spigot being turned on or off. So I think for 2014, we still have a positive outlook. We're going to keep our eye -- and the team are really keeping our eye on the trends. But generally, they hold up well even when you see a slowdown there.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Thanks, Jennifer. Well, everybody, thank you again for joining us for our third quarter call. Again, we're happy about our overall execution in the quarter, and I'm very proud of our teams and what they've gotten done here. At the same time, we're very mindful of an economy that still has issues. And so we're going to be prudent, we're going to be intelligent about where we invest in our core. We're going to be very focused on execution, and we'll be intelligent with our capital. So again, I appreciate your time, and I look forward to talking to you here for the fourth quarter call. Take care.
Heath A. Mitts: Mike, this is Heath. No, you'll see a pickup in that first half, just as you would in normal -- when we've had projects in the past, we would expect it. It's just the project is at normal levels of profitability for that business, so we will see a spike in the first half next year.
Heath A. Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Let me just add a little color. While we don't guide at the segment level for the next quarter out, just to give you a little flavor, though, and I want this on the record, is that all -- we're anticipating that all 3 of the reporting segments are in positive territory in terms of organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter.
Heath A. Mitts: The run rate that we're at right now is pretty consistent with what you'll see in the fourth quarter. There was, obviously, some fourth quarter actions taken last year that there'll be a little bit of an incremental benefit for. But we're -- for the most part, we're at that point. In terms of what spills over into '14, it's really the restructuring actions that we've completed here in the back half of the year, which are much smaller in aggregate versus the $30 million of costs we took out a year ago, and that will obviously have some benefit. There are some things we're going to do here in the fourth quarter, as Andy just discussed, that will obviously have some benefit as we go into next year in terms of footprint optimization and so forth. But we're not in a position to quantify that until we get some of these things done. And part of that isn't -- not trying to be cute with the numbers, it's that some of these things that we're getting done here in this quarter and we're going to just eat it in the P&L. We're not going to call it out separately. Some of those things are non-U.S. based, and they just have longer payback periods.
