Andy Silvernail: Yes, we did, we have that in their hold on a second Charley so let me make sure I actually speak about this correctly. We said that overall FMT orders were down 1% organically and that was really entirely due to the OEM business with the in Ag and we also have some non-U.S. energy stuff that got pushed out.
Andy Silvernail: We have never kind of characterized it like that but you can kind of back into the math of it. So, it was down 20% in the quarter and in all of that was due to that large order that comp. 
Andy Silvernail: -- internally model it but again it’s going to swing on project activity and it’s going to swing on mix within that business.
Andy Silvernail: We actually think that it’s going to continue to ramp up. So part of what you’re seeing in the cost out that we’re doing here in the fourth quarter it’s really a combination of cost reduction and pretty aggressive reinvestment and allows if it’s come down to the segmentation we’ve been doing here for a couple of years just really aggressively segmenting our markets and our businesses so that understand more deeply where some of the these profit pools are and a great example of that is Viking. So, in this quarter alone they’ve had a handful of new products that come out of segmentation that we’ve funded really aggressively and they’re winning and actually just yesterday we received a pretty good size of orders at Viking for those new products that launched and so we’re pretty excited about that so we think there is more and as we’re challenging the teams more deeply that to find more organic opportunities we’re finding them to be more aggressive in terms of asking for money and as I said in the past, we’ll fund organic stuff all day along as aggressively as we can.
Andy Silvernail: Nathan, I think a fair number just to model with is still around 2% of revenue. This year we’re going to be attend more than that in prior years we’ve been just under 2% but I still think 2% plus or minus $5 million is probably a good number so, yes I do think it ramps up to Andy’s point next year but we’re not talking about doubling going forward -- going from 45 to 90 we’re talking about going moderately higher and just and these are not made up just as you know as we talked about and as you can imagine given our decentralize nature these are not made up of any one or two items that are driving this. These are series of opportunities across the entire IDEX portfolio.
Andy Silvernail: Honestly I’m not sure. In our forecast this year and the next year we have it at zero and so we don’t bet on that kind of stuff so we’ve got it there we know that they’re out there but in particular if you look at what’s going on with the SAMPI stuff, it’s going right into the Middle East and we’ve been awarded the business sitting they’re shooting at each other. So, I don’t expect that’s going to happen anytime soon. The chemical stuff I’m not as concerned about that’s much more what I think is a push out and plus that’s be it made up for in speed what’s going on in the U.S.  The energy stuff I want to put a full zero on, for the foreseeable future into the Middle East and then the chemical stuff I do think is a push and that does happen.
Andy Silvernail: No, just remember where we play principally right, we’re playing in the midstream so we’re not playing for the most part, where holes are being putting around. So we’re much more affected by the production equation than we are by the hole in the ground equation. So we haven’t seen that yet, I suspect that I don’t think that’s going to be a material impact to our business kind of one way or the other, for the most parts just because where we sit today I do think it’s likely to have some impact on acquisition valuations that are out there and that might actually open up some doors just from opportunities. 
Andy Silvernail: The way I look at it is we first start Allison, with saying, does this matter to us strategically? And once we answer that question we’ve historically said 12% to 15% ROIC cash-on-cash ROIC, there are some businesses that we would buy that would be lower than that in terms of hurdle to be candid with you. There are some things that we would buy that would be kind of in the 10ish percent range because they matter to us and we’re rolling distraction and obviously the spread of capital is pretty attractive. So there are few things out there that we would do that for. But for the most part I really think that we got to remain disciplined. We’ve all seen this movie many, many times. And it eventually, it does tip over and even though we saw in the public markets here in the last month or two months that has availed some opportunities in terms of capital deployment that weren’t as good at that period of time. So I think we got to be patient we’ve got a great balance sheet, outstanding cash flow and we’re going to keep disciplined here.
Andy Silvernail: I think Scott, I think that’s partially correct I think number one, I think we should recognize that Europe in particular and the Middle East in particular, they actually that the business is softened because of what’s going on in those regions right in terms of the economic growth and also some of the conflict in the region. So I think that’s very much real I think that got exacerbated some of the new cycle and some people pulling back on those things and probably what we’re seeing a little bit October is a rebound from that. So October for us and the order book has been pretty solid and so it’s encouraging and I don’t think that what we’re seeing in October is necessarily sustainable I think there is some snap back.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you remember right, we go into any quarter and we’ve got about plus or minus we’ve got half of our business booked going into a quarter. So, we’ve got a book in turn the other half and so generally if it’s the first 4 to 6 weeks of our quarter are strong we are in good shape.
Andy Silvernail: No, I wouldn’t say they’re necessarily as close the differences is both two that we walked away from were auctions. And so you can live with that volatility, right? You eat the cost of the diligence and then at the end of the day if someone decides to write a big foolish check at their business and so that’s it -- there is not much you can do about that one. So, what we’re seeing right now is we do have some more preparatory stuff right now and I feel good about but also couple of things that we’re looking at are in Europe and as you know the diligence cycle is it’s a little bit longer and if you get anywhere close to the holidays being pushed into next year that’s just reality. So, not quite as close but a little bit better in terms of profile not being auctions.
Andy Silvernail: I have to going back and exactly quantify it, because you’ve got to kind of break apart some different businesses. But you could probably say that’s 5 to 10 definitely.
Andy Silvernail: I mean you got Viking itself which is 10% of sales and good chunk of Viking goes there you got a big piece of Richter and all of Aegis right -- 
Andy Silvernail: No, we’ll take it in our P&L it’s just that we didn’t have it nail down exactly because there are going to be some moving parts here before it’s all finalized. But we’ll actually take it in the P&L.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, there are really two things. So one is the very, very strong performance in FSD if you think about that sequentially that’s going to be a big impact. But also to be fair the MPT had really strong quarter with health and science and that was a nice profitability in terms of incremental profitability that on a sequential basis we don’t see in fourth quarter. So that 20% I think is a pretty good number.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so Matt if you exclude the sequential improvement from material process and you look at the underlying other pieces that make that up, those are all still positive. So it’s a good story almost no matter what you’re talking about. And so we feel pretty good you’re seeing improvement and where is that coming from principally, it’s coming from the couple of places. We continue to see better overall profit execution at optics, that’s been a really good story. But also on the industrial side our gas business it’s in there and they have just done a great job over the last, really the last couple of years we are continuing to expand profitability. That’s a business that has just done -- really if you back five years you look at today that’s entirely different business than it was five years ago in terms of overall profit profile and growth rate. So those are the big pieces.
Andy Silvernail: It’s around $10 million. So if you actually looked at what got pushed into the second or third and we’re not going to kind of count it, it’s about a $10 million impact in the quarter.
Andy Silvernail: Well, first and foremost Heath can’t spell esoteric. So we -- I don’t know, I try to look at that and we try to guide in a way that is he is responsible and we feel that we have real confidence in delivering on that and by the way it’s also how we manage the business so one of the things that I said time to time again is we’re a company that can respond very very fast with an uptick in business because our direct labors is single digits and so we can move quickly on the upside on the downside as you think about how high our contribution margins are, that’s a painful equation so, as you look at what we’re going to do here in the fourth quarter and we’ve done a lot of hard work here to prepare our organization to be able to do that to get in better and better fighting shape. But another piece of that is that it continues to lower that breakeven point to the company and so that’s how we manage the business and so we’re not trying to be overly conservative at the same time, the bottom line is we’re just trying to be responsible.
Andy Silvernail: So, this is not some big companywide thing that we’re doing, we haven’t might picked some random number is really been excellent organization and segmentation of businesses have opened up opportunities across the company. So we’re able to do this in kind of rifle shots and it’s a kind of thing that in any one place you wouldn’t really notice but when it adds all up it becomes meaningful. So, it really is across the company and by the way that’s on the cost side and that’s also on the investment side. So we’re moving a whole bunch of resources from some areas to other areas all around growth and productivity and so what you seen is we kind of use the term cut and build and that’s how we think about it here. So, it’s pretty broad spread but it’s not any kind of massive swap anywhere. And pretty much all of that stuff would be done by the end of this month for the most part here and there. So, in terms of European municipal still weak, there is no two ways about it, you seen a couple of projects that have come out of the wood works in recent months specifically out of the UK but for the most part it’s still pretty soft.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Diego. Well, thank you very much for joining us here today obviously we’re proud of the results we have and most importantly really congratulations to the team in the field at IDEX who has continue to execute time and time again. So, we appreciate your support and we look forward to talking to you at the fourth quarter call. Take care 
Heath Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Always the segment the diversified segments always going to have some element of mix just relative with the four businesses that are in there. BAND-IT is performing very well and we obviously enjoy very healthy margins out of the BAND-IT platform. So, I wouldn’t tell you the model of 26 let’s say somewhere in that 24 to 24ish range is probably a good modeling but understand that it can swing a couple of hundred basis points in either side of that given mix in the given quarter.
Heath Mitts: Yes, it’s in the range and it touches multiple areas of IDEX that’s the only reason we have to go and look at in all the different spots in IDEX that are impacting by that Mark.
Heath Mitts: Kevin this is Heath. It really is just the currency translation but that the flow through and in the quarter we’re expecting somewhere around 9 million at current rates we don’t try to predict what the rates will be throughout the rest of the quarter. But at current rates we’re anticipating around $9 million headwind and so it’s just really the statutory flow through that 9 million impacts are earnings by a couple of cents. But it’s really just the translation not so much that we have some type of hedge that’s out of place.
Heath Mitts: Next year we haven’t quantified it yet to be honest we’ll need some time to see where the fourth quarter settles in, but when we give our guidance for next year we’ll certainly come out with that.
Heath Mitts: Joe, I’d jump in, this is Heath. There is a -- the element of the segment that is depend upon kind of daily book and bill is something along according to expectations which would be fine. It’s the noise and it comes generally from the project activity on a year-over-year basis.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, it was 800,000 this quarter and 500,000 last quarter that’s done so you should see a take up there improvement for FMT. 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, couple of things, first and foremost we’re tied to the equipment side not to the consumable piece and that has been the piece that has been outperforming lately has been the consumable piece of businesses. And also we don’t perfectly match in terms of quarter-by-quarter we bought because of how new product shift, how inventory moves in the system but certainly within two or three quarters you’ll see a pretty good correlation. So I’m not particularly concerned about what we’re seeing in the marketplace right now in terms of a gap between us and our major customers.
Andrew Silvernail: It’s kind of the same. I think what’s been talked about in the press now is more accurate to what has been happening here for some time. So I think the new cycle has caught up with reality. I will say that I don’t think it is deteriorating further I think that’s important because if you’d asked me that question this time last year even into the first quarter I think we’d have said that the growth rates had deteriorated significantly. So I think we’re kind of in the relatively steady state but also realizing steady state in China is a lot of volatility. 
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so orders were basically flat year-over-year not concerning for us great profitability improvement as you remember we had a really strong order quarter last quarter in IOP so feel good about that. Some of the end markets Mark aren’t quite as robust as I think maybe we thought they would be we kind of thought that some of the semi business would even be stronger than spend. So it’s not quite as strong as we thought maybe going into this I think the fourth quarter I think we’re in pretty decent shape in total and just generally that the overall profit improvement there has been great. I think we’ve said this before in the past but we’re now into the 20s in terms of EBITDA margin in the platform and it’s performing like we hope it would.
Andrew Silvernail: It’s still soft, I don’t know what you thought but we thought it would be stronger here at this time this year and it kind of softened up.
Andrew Silvernail: Yes, so we actually capture that in our chemical food process platform more the most part not totally but for the most part and we feel really good about that so we’ve done a handful of things first and foremost with actually if we put a bunch more resources down into that region from our long standing businesses. We also the acquisition of Aegis was important for us. We’re putting a new facility in the Huston area for Aegis. As you know Aegis is out of Baton Rouge and we’re actually putting a new facility in Huston because that’s a high touch business very very high touch business. And Aegis actually allows us to bring our Richter business closer to the U.S. market one of the things that we struggled within the past, it was not really having the right kind of channel into the U.S. for our Richter pumps and valves and we’ve got that now. So and also in our Corken business touches it too. So we feel pretty good about that exposure and we think 2015 is going to be good year.
Andrew Silvernail: It nothing that’s particularly meaningful Joe, when you look at that and you’ll have some swings here and there quarter-to-quarter it’s not that big a deal so that is not been in there that you look and you say it is a big yellow flag or red flag.
