Andy Silvernail: Allison, we figured we’d get this question. Across the board, it came down to the increase in earnings and cash from the tax rate. And the bottom line is not really. And what I mean by that is we have been very aggressive across the board for years now at fully funding organic, and I think we’ve been very consistent in saying that even when that’s done, there’s plenty of money left over. So I don’t think we’ve left much on the table. Last year, we had a pretty good number in terms of incremental organic investments. This year, it’s $0.08 a share. So I don’t think, when you net it all out, it changes much of anything from our strategy. And I think it’s – in terms of our ability to be competitive and to win globally, it’s obviously a positive thing. But I don’t think it changes what we spend our time on and where we’re going to invest.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So actually, it’s under one headline. But to be candid, there’s one piece that we’ve kind of put behind us and two pieces that we haven’t. So when I say that we had – we did a major consolidation up in Canada, which we had some bumps earlier in the year, and that was kind of some of the bigger dollars earlier in the year. And we fundamentally – those things are never done until you’re humming completely, but we feel really good about where that is, and the team there has done a great job of closing that off. But two things that we’re more wrestling with right now are really around very fast-growth rates and as we look at some of the more scientifically bent pieces of our portfolio. So what we’re experiencing is more around – think of it as expedites a little higher cost of internal quality than we would expect. In the quarter, it was about $1.5 million, Allison. And frankly, we’re – basically, we’re protecting our customers to make sure that they’re not feeling these inefficiencies or longer lead times, and we’re easing some of the costs ourselves. So it was $1.5 million in the fourth quarter. And if you normalize the HST margin, frankly, that’s the kind of margin we would expect to see in HST if you normalize that $1 million, $1.5 million. I don’t think we completely put it to bed just because we’re not going to – we’re not going to try to save $0.5 million to put our customers at risk. And so if it takes a little bit longer to make sure we get it right at all angles, we’ll do it. I think it’s going to go into the second quarter before we have it completely behind us.
Andy Silvernail: It’s broad-based, Mike. You read this correctly. At this point, it’s pretty hard to find a piece of the portfolio that is soft. I mean, if I were going to pick a little bit, it would be the places that we’ve been picking on, but even those have gotten better since we last talked, meaning the Dispensing business in North America has flattened out. And the midstream energy, we thought, bottomed out in the fourth – excuse me, in the third quarter, and we believe that to be true, and has improved, and the cold winter will help that even some there. So when you do a Pareto of all of our businesses, if I showed you a Pareto chart of all of our businesses, a couple of things that you would see negative are by our choice. We actively made choices to shrink a couple of things. Otherwise than that, you’d see positives.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. Well, I think – I mean, I think for everybody, the answer to that, to some degree, is going to be yes. And whether that happens directly or it happens with how money gets circulated in the economy via dividends or whatever, right, I think the answer to that is going to be yes. I will caution, however, that these things tend to have – because of where we play in the marketplace, there might be a little bit longer, I think, impact for that to turn into a structural change, meaning brand-new programs coming in, where we’ve won new products. I think that the short-term impact is going to be on book and turn business, right, stuff that you’ve already won, and you might get some incremental benefits. And I do think that we’re seeing that and we have seen that. And the bigger thing that we’re looking at is the confidence level in capital-related projects, right? And when you see – if you remember, I want to say two or three calls ago, Bill, must have been, or maybe assuming the beginning of last year, people were asking us, what would give you more confidence? And I believe my answer back then was you got to see what I’ll call the speculative confidence turn into the spending confidence, turn into the capital spending confidence. And I believe we’ve entered that phase. And so we’re definitely starting to see people more willing to spend bigger dollars, which is what makes it sustained for folks like us as long as it holds up.
Andy Silvernail: It is fair. Now let me give you three examples without being specific to any customers because we never do that, but three places where you’re seeing that common in size. One, we’re seeing it in the chemical markets. Whether – no matter if you look in Europe or you look in the value, so to speak, we’re definitely seeing improvement and bigger dollars being released in those areas. In China, actually, too. China, too. And then – so that’s number one. Number two, we received some pretty good-sized blanket orders, and it’s not atypical. But in our general industrial – touching some of our general industrial book and turn businesses. And if you went back two years ago, those didn’t exist. Then last year, it came back a little bit, and this year, we saw it come back stronger. That’s a good sign. And then finally, in some of our scientific-related businesses, you’re seeing people plan much further out related to their own capital. And the questions to us are around our ability to ramp if they ramp capital. So you’re not necessarily seeing the spend yet, but when that conversation is happening, they’re gauging – they’re starting to now gauge who am I going to partner with based on availability, not just based on price, not that we ever really play in that much.
Andy Silvernail: I think, Nathan, you have to believe – for the answer to that to be yes, you have to believe that there’s going to be an overall pickup in industrial production in the back half of the year compared to what we’ve been experiencing now and the projections in the first half. And so far, we’re not seeing that yet. So we are baking in some of this improvement. You’re right. We do have tougher comps in the back half. Could it get better with an acceleration overall in organic spending through the pipeline, so to speak? It could, but the nature of the short cycle of our business and by nature of what we’re seeing people think about in the back half of the year and full year from industrial production, I think we picked reasonably well with the facts that we have today.
Andy Silvernail: Nathan, I think we can get both, and there’s no reason we can’t continue to do that. If you look at our ability to get price, our ability to drive productivity, so if you kind of look at those two major things, so let’s look at price versus – price and productivity versus inflation, meaning wage plus our raw material inflation, we think we can get – with that combination, we should be able to get expansion, right? And that all shows up at the gross margin line. And then from there, obviously, you’ve got volume leverage, and those two things combined should then compound at the op margin line. So I don’t think there’s any reason we can’t. Frankly, I’m not going to lie. I was a little disappointed on – at where we ended gross margin. I thought we could have expanded the gross margin more throughout this year, and we gave up a reasonable amount of it with some of these inefficiencies that we’ve had. And what I like about it is our teams are just as upset, right? It’s not like we’re having to tell them that this is an issue. At the same time, you got to make bets. You got to make bets on growth, and you got to make bets on Center of Excellence and things like that. And I think on balance, those are paying off for us. But I do expect to expand gross margins, and I think we can, Bill. I mean, I think we can.
Andy Silvernail: Steven, anytime you can net that out to positive, that just puts you in a great position to expand margin.
Andy Silvernail: So we’ve looked at a lot of stuff. We see – we have looked at a lot of stuff, and our funnel has a ton of stuff in it. And we walked away from a couple of things right at the end of last year that we put a ton effort into and principally around some of the same things we’ve talked around, around price and around terms. And we have – with our board, we’ve laid out a very detailed strategy that combines organic and inorganic and what makes an IDEX-like business and then, frankly, our ability to drive differentiation long term. And so we know what that looks like. We feel very comfortable with what we know, and we feel very comfortable with what we don’t know. And so what I don’t want to do is find us stretching into places where we don’t bring something different and better to the business, and so I’d rather remain disciplined there. So what we’re seeing now is we’re seeing a lot of behavior, and it’s accelerating, right? And I expect tax relief to accelerate that to some degree. We’re seeing a lot of behavior where people are paying mid-teen multiples for very good assets. But when you just kind of back through the math, it’s tough to get there. And so I think – look, I’m betting on the fact that we will be rewarded for discipline over the long term. And we might – hey, heck, we might get punched around a little bit in the short term for it, but I’m okay with that.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So I think a few things, and I won’t speak specifically to Faure Herman. But I think what it comes down to is the ability to drive real differentiation in the marketplace. And so when we looked at a bunch of the businesses that we have sold in the last few years, most of them came down to either we didn’t have the scale to compete or we had lost the technology advantage that somebody else brought to the table that could advance that business much faster than we could organically. And so that’s typically been the decision-making. Rarely is it because financially, you can’t get there. We can solve those things pretty quickly. It really comes down to those two things: the ability to scale it and the ability to get over a technology hurdle. And for the most part, the buyers that we sold to are, I guess, for the most part, we think they could, and they think they could. And one of the things that we think about here, Steve, is it’s good for everybody in terms of performance of the business. It’s also good for the people in the business, right, because if – do you want to be part of a business where you are kind of forgotten? Or do you want to be part of a business where you are prime time? And so we think about that in the businesses we’ve sold. They’re going to partners. They’re going to be prime time, and that’s going to allow them to thrive and succeed.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we did a little bit, so I won’t spend much time on it. You can go back on the transcript. But basically, about 15% of our businesses are now in the fixed bucket. We made about 200 basis point improvement in margins. We don’t talk about the specific margin profile that’s in there today, but that’s about what it is. But it was a longer conversation earlier.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So I’m not – Scott, I’m not exactly sure if I understand what you meant by that. But let me take a whack, and if I’m wrong, come back at it. So I would actually look at the 75% because, really, most of the businesses that we’ve categorized has outperformed. We’re unlikely to acquire something in those businesses unless something popped out that was unexpected from a competitor that we could put together. So let’s just call it 75% of the business I’d categorize as ready and I’m excited about acquiring around. Across that 75%, the pipeline is pretty good. I couldn’t tell you that there’s one thing versus another where we’re seeing more or less of something. Now there’s price disparity. When I look at the HST-related properties, they’re more expensive. When I look at the FSD-related properties, they tend to be less expensive, and FMT is somewhere in the middle. And so we’ve been looking at things for all of 2017 and even today that touch on all those businesses or adjacent to those businesses. We continue to invest in strategy. We continue to invest in people to think about how IDEX runs a business. If you think about the style of competition of IDEX, right, what makes us really different? We kind of come down to three things time and time and time again, right? Number one, we’re really good at building teams who know how to run these businesses. The second part is those teams are obsessively customer-centric maybe in terms of how do you grow them, how do you care for them, how you innovate around them. And they do so through, really, this practice of 80-20, which has been the hallmark of our operating model. And so we keep investing in what other types of businesses that are adjacent to our world did that model work. And that’s where our sweet spot is. It’s got to have the dynamics of an IDEX business, but when we put those three things together, that’s where acquisitions work for us.
Andy Silvernail: I guess the only way I can answer that with confidence is the number of things that have come across the transom since we walked through the door here on January 1 is it’s up substantially. So my answer to your question is – I think the answer is yes.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And I think following – we’ve always said that orders and sales quarter-to-quarter don’t necessarily match with, obviously – within a year, they typically would. That’s exactly what we saw this year. So you’ll see some puts and takes. We’ve built some backlog, which is a good sign, going into the first quarter. There’s no doubt we’ll have a quarter this year where we bleed some backlog, and no one should be surprised by that.
Andy Silvernail: Great. So just kind of three closing comments, one on the lighter side and two on the more serious side. On the lighter side, I grew up in Maine, so I’m a diehard in one of the Patriots stands, so I’m now going to turn on the opportunity to say go, Pats, even though everybody here in Illinois hates me. On the more serious side, there was an announcement this morning that a gentleman by the name of Dan Comas is retiring from Danaher as their longtime CFO. And I was an intern for Dan in the summer of 1998, and Dan is just one of the true gentlemen, has built an incredible legacy. And I just – he’s been around this community for an awful long time. He’s a very special person, and I want to congratulate Dan myself on just what a great run and a legacy that he’s built. And then finally, I just want to thank my teams. The teams here at IDEX have done a remarkable job. And we’re trying to build a special enterprise, an enterprise that believes in our mission of trusted solutions and improving lives, people who have bought into the values in this organization and then finally, really focused on how do we do the right thing for all of our stakeholders, our shareholders, the folks who work here at IDEX and obviously, most importantly, for our customers. So I just want to thank everybody for the great work, and I look forward to an outstanding 2018. Take care.
Bill Grogan: Yes, I would add. Our commercial funnels across the portfolio have picked up, especially over the last quarter. I think the upside case would be if a significant amount of those materialized here in 2018.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the fixed businesses overall, the margin from them last year was about 200 basis points, so we did see a significant portion graduate out. Remember, all of our acquisitions go into the fixed business, so you saw Akron and AWG graduate into the integrated growth in SFC and then into integrated growth within our Dispensing – or excuse me, our Sealing platform. So the 15% that remains relative to productivity improvements we have in line this year, that will continue to shrink if we don’t do any additional deals this year.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean, you should see us this year consistently in the 45% range with improvement off of that. I think 46% would be a target longer term, but a solid 45%, mid-45% is a good number for this year.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the $0.05 improvement is really us solving some of the execution issues that we had within 2017, and then it’s our continued OpEx programs exceeding our inbound inflation. That’s how you think about it.
Bill Grogan: Yes. It’s a little bit higher than what we historically have guided because of the inefficiency we can put our finger on in 2017.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I think the – sequentially, they will uptick slightly for our 5% number next year, but not materially.
Bill Grogan: Yes. I mean, the fourth quarter, again, we highlighted a little bit in our release, a lot of that was due to the increase in stock price impacting compensation and our overall management incentive. Based upon how we finished the year, there were some headwind from that.
Steven Winoker: I just wanted to follow on that last question around gross margin and tie it to also the $0.05 of tailwind that you point to in 2018 for inflation net – or productivity net of inflation. Just maybe help us think about, and I know you separate pricing someplace else, but the dynamics there. A little more color would be helpful to break it apart.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then on the – maybe, Andy, if you could put a – I know you’ve talked a bit – a lot about capital deployment already today, but a little finer point on quantifying the current M&A envelope within which you’re working comfortably, particularly in light of, I guess, what, $200 million of overseas cash and all, et cetera.
Steven Winoker: Okay, that’s helpful. And any kind of color again around the characteristics of – I know Faure Herman, that went to Le Garrec. And as you’ve shrunk that fixed bucket down, I think it always helps us if you give us some insight into what makes that kind of business worth more to somebody else than to you guys.
