Andy Silvernail: Sure, sure. So yes, you’re correct Matt. The midstream has held in nicely and we expect that will for the balance of the year. The real issue is really the oil and gas side, and again that’s kind of in line with our expectations. I will say that the capital freeze and we expected it to be pretty aggressive, but the capital freeze that we’re seeing, in the U.S. in particular has been pretty significant, so that’s one area.  The other area has been around Material Process and that’s more a general industrial facing. A pretty decent amount of that is touching in the world of foods and so we have seen that hold up a little bit.  We have not seen what I’ll call broad based capital freeze, but whenever you see something that starts to move like this, it raises the red flag and so we are paying an awful lot of attention to it. We have all of our businesses paying a lot of attention to it.  Historically we have been able to see slowdowns coming and I wouldn’t necessarily say that we’re there. I don’t want you to get that message at all. I just want you to get the message that we’ve seen a couple of places where it slowed down and we wanted to make sure that we’ve got our antenna up.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so it’s a very profitable business. From an EBITDA margin its IDEX like. It’s not going to be dilutive to our margin. As a matter of fact, it’s going to be accretive overall from an EBITDA perspective. It’s a very, very profitable business and the team there, we’ve known this business for a long time and they’ve done a great job of repositioning that business over time to be in more attractive markets and it’s really a wonderful combination between PPE.  So if you remember – and we bought PPE back in 2010 and there are a few things that are really unique about PPE; one of them is they have some really unique capability in Material Sciences and so as we were looking at Novotema, the question we had is kind of given Novotema’s strengths in certain end markets and in manufacturing capability, could we marry their great manufacturing and some of their end markets with our Material Science capability and have the same kind of very quick turnaround for customers, whether its new product development or operationally, could we do that and the answer to that is, yes.  So we actually, before we decided to move forward with the acquisition we actually partnered with them to see if we could do this on a commercial basis. So we actually created a commercial partnership around our Material Science capability, their manufacturing capability and it really was incredibly successful and convinced both parties that this was the right marriage and so we’re excited to have them as part of the family.
Andy Silvernail: This is Andy. If you kind of dimensionalzie all this together and I don’t think we’ve talked about it like this necessarily, but when you look at FX, you take FX, you take the impact of the large businesses that are comped from last year. Those two things together, you’re talking about $35 million of profitability together that we’re comping against, plus the normal $20 million to $25 million of just inflation. So you’re talking like in the neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million of profit comp that we are going to cover, right, as we go through this year. So even with the guidance that we have as we sit here today, sometimes we lose sight of the magnitude of the execution that the teams have done and its damn good. 
Andy Silvernail: Actually it’s holding up right. I would say total pricing is a little softer than we saw last year, meaning we’re not getting quite as much, but your still talking about call it the 1% range that we’re going to get. We’ve gotten a lot of questions about are we seeing price in oil and gas and we’re fortunate given kind of where we play in the food chain that we’re not seeing that. I mean, in fact everybody gets the letter that says ‘hey, we want a price reduction,’ but given our proprietary positions, whether its technology or the switching costs, we’re able to hold up prices pretty well.
Andy Silvernail: So there are puts and takes relative to that competitively. So we’re pretty fortunate that the vast majority of what we do, kind of where we manufacture and where we compete typically and so we don’t necessarily see that kind of competition, although you certainly will see some overseas competition in kind of European competitors trying to go after to the U.S. market where we have a strong foothold, and I’m just using it as an example, so you will see some of that.  But this is again, I’ve kind of used the term, ‘these markets are glacial’ and for good and for ill, the markets moved really slowly and so I think the question that your asking is more of a, if we stay in this sustained area for a few years, will we start to see it on new business that’s playing through, right.  So much of our business is going into an aftermarket or a like for like replacement versus kind of large contracts that are going out, and so it would take years to kind of play through from a competitive standpoint, so that’s kind of one thing, so we’re not seeing it today. The other part is, remember, we’ve got a pretty decent footprint in other parts of the world. 50% of our business is non-U.S. and 40% of it is actually produced outside of the U.S. So while we may see some things in a few years if the current currencies play themselves out, we also have the benefits of being more competitive in the businesses that we have outside of the U.S. So I don’t expect it’s going to be a big impact that we’ll see.
Andy Silvernail: I would say we are seeing the improvement. I would say that the number of municipal bids that are going out and in particular, the number of large dollar bids that I think people were really hesitant on, in North America in particular have improved. And so if you recall, we made a real conscious decision to reposition ourselves relative to the markets that we were going after in new water services in the U.S. and in the UK and that was the right move in terms of focus and going after the right profit pools then and I think it’s going to pay dividends for us as those places start to free up a little more capital.  So the businesses are better in the U.S. and in Europe or I should say the UK. I should say in North America, in the UK and also in China we’ve seen that a little bit. So we’ve seen some level of improvement in China.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. You have to think about organic investments at IDEX in a multiyear phase or thought process and the reason I say that is, if you think about generally any business that we have, from the time of concept through I’ll call it, full demand, you’re talking about a five year timeframe, if you’re realistic about it.  And so the things that we’re winning on now, if you go back to 2012 when we talked about making some major choices and cutting abilities in 2012, the benefits that we’re seeing today with those investments with them and I know sometimes for the investment community that can be unfulfilling, because you don’t get the rapid speed that you get, so that’s also why the markets are so darn defensible.  So the investments that we’re making today, in reality they are not going to show up for two, three, four, five years in full, but we know that we’ve got to have the patience and the discipline to play that out. The diversified space in general gets a lot of criticism around organic growth and I’ve been asked many times kind of what’s underneath that and my belief is frankly we don’t have the discipline and the patience to make the multiyear investments and you just you have to do it and that’s what we’ve done.
Andy Silvernail: It’s not playing itself through yet, except maybe the one place that we’re seeing it is actually in Dispensing and the reason I’d say that is demand that’s going through the retailers, which is putting more money in their pockets and so if you look at the Dispensing business, it really on a global basis, that’s been pretty good, right. So if you look at the overall business there as capital is flowing through those retailers and allows them to refurbish, it is allowing for that to flow through dispending to some degree. It’s hard to peg it exactly Allison, but I would say that’s one place that you could draw a line to.  How it plays through the general economy that was my statement at the fourth quarter call. Typically that can be a year or more before it goes through the consumer into the business community. So I still think we are going to live with that gap where you’ve seen massive capital cuts in the energy world and therefore now we’re seeing the daily layoffs that are happening in those places. You’re going to see that be the near term impact and then maybe at the end of this year; in ’16 you’ll see how that flows through back to the business community.
Andy Silvernail: So for MPT its going to be in that, call it 40% range plus or minus; that has a larger capital piece to it, and when I say larger capital that’s dimensionalized there. You’re talking about $250,000 to sometimes a several million dollar project, but those are pretty rare. So when we say large capital, we are not talking about $50 million projects or anything like that. But you can see it’s certainly in a quarter or two that are dry or robust. You can see how that’s going to play itself through, really for the balance of the year. So the order softness that we saw here in the first quarter, that’s going to play itself through as we get to the third and the fourth quarter in particular.  The second quarter is actually okay in terms of what we can see in the funnel. So that’s a little bit more lumpy than we’re using to seeing within IDEX, but that’s the kind of the dimensions we’re talking about. We don’t have the same magnitude in the energy side.
Andy Silvernail: It’s really around go forward. Again, generally we don’t have a lot of exposure to kind of big capital stuff that’s in the pipeline that we have committed and we have an order getting canceled. Its more when we see a large capital project, let’s just say in energy, we have some business that may go into it, let’s call it in that $250,000 to $1 million range, but more of it is understanding kind of how that pipeline is going to flow to what we call our book and term business, and so you’ll see BAND-IT as an example, when you know a large capital projects happening, we know we’re going to get a large chunk of the business, but it’s not committed until kind of really late in the process. So we don’t have a lot of things sitting on our books today that are at risk of being canceled. Its more kind of an understanding of what that pipeline’s going to look like here over the next six to 12 months.
Andy Silvernail: That’s a great question, because as we were looking at their order rates and as we go through our typical business reviews, we asked kind of that same question. So we actually asked them to look specifically at – we have an energy vertical within BAND-IT, so we can kind of see that piece.  But then we saw some weakness that we were like, wait a second here, what’s going on? So we asked them to kind of dice up the country and look at it and lo and behold, all of the weakness that they found happened to be in the four states that have enormous energy exposure. So really isolated to energy, the normal kind of general distribution, book and term business, transportation business is quite good.
Andy Silvernail: I think we’re going to be looking at kind of 3% to 4% organically, but let me kind of parse that a little, because I think that’s important. I think what you’ll see are meaningfully stronger numbers in Scientific Fluidics. I think you’ll see the strength there in optics and you’ll see the weakness that we just talked about a moment ago and MPT is a place through the third and the fourth quarter.  So as you think about kind of the core markets that we really spend a lot of time on and we put a lot of our core investment in, we think that’s going to be actually pretty decent here as we move through the year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you recall the first quarter last year we ended up have having a really strong first quarter, principally because we did pull – our customer assets to pull it forward into the first quarter. 
Andy Silvernail: It was but we’ve talked about it in the prior year and within our guidance is really the Q1, Q2 impact in the headwinds. We did have a good Q3 of last year, but it wasn’t so much tied to very specific project activity. 
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So if we kind of break but, but let’s just use five years as, five years is when you at, I’ll call it kind of full volume so to speak. So you are talking a year or two of that is going to be product development. That’s really where you going from idea to having a product that you are able to launch into the market place.  The industrial customers generally, and unless its – if it’s just a basic revision of product, that’s a different story. But when you are talking a new product, these customers are very, very cautious and so you generally have a testing that’s going to happen, and let’s just call that a year plus or minus that you are going to see, where people are really testing the solution, and then you have the issue of just opportunity for uptake and let me just give you an example of that.  You take a normal process facility and this is just kind of the way to think of it. Unless it’s a new facility, they generally only have wash-up somewhere between two or four weeks a year, so kind of maintenance shutdown. And so the opportunity for really brining in a product into an existing facility is they are relatively small windows. So you are then really relying on some kind of refurb within a facility or you are looking at new facilities coming in online.  So when you blend that all in, that’s why that timeframe is as long as it is. And again, I said this before, while it certainly leads to some frustration around your ability to change the organic growth curve quickly, it’s also the beauty of the defensibility of businesses like IDEX. 
Andy Silvernail: That’s a relatively unusual example for us. And to give you a sense of it, that’s going to be a $20 million product for us, when it’s all said and done, but it has taken three or four years. I would put eDRAULIC into that same kind of category.  In both those cases what you saw for was really a gap in the market. And so with X mark in particular what you have now is you have, an automatic dispenser that is really displacing an entire segment of the market that was manual dispensers. Right so you got to the kind of price point that was attractive, specifically in the emerging markets, that very much wanted that the quality and the capability of an automatic dispenser, but they were never going to reach that price point that the western world could, where there is enormous volume and it makes sense to have that kind of product, so we really solved that.  We’ve got a couple at Viking that are going to be in that $10 million range. One that actually will be in that $10 million range this year and a couple of others that come into the pipeline, they look that way. We’ve got certainly within Scientific Fluidics. We have brought together – actually the combination of Scientific Fluidics in optics. That promise of the idea of the optical fluidic engine. We’ve have seen some promise in there the marrying of fluidics and optics that has reset kind of a level, that $10 million to $20 million level. But for the most part you are really talking about $5 million to $10 million chunks that we look at. 
Andy Silvernail: So the break fix business has been the stronger part. We did see a couple of things break our way in the U.S. here and over the last couple of quarters we saw it kind of couple of big new installations or new projects rather in the U.S. I should say North American because we have one that was meaningful in Canada.  And then the UK, the amp cycles that you see over there, we have one, so it’s major pieces of that that showed up in our order rates, and that will be a nice piece of business for us here over the next couple of years. 
Andy Silvernail: Sure, sure. Well, the first thing to keep in mind is this is a very high contribution margin business. So certainly as you look on the continuum of IDEX, this is on the far side from the overall contribution margin. And so a small top line hit, it is meaningful on a bottom line and just because it is at the level it is, and there just isn’t a cost structure to rip out so to speak, nor would you want to in a business like that that you believe long term in there.  So relative to the demand side Matt, the OEM side is sharper than we would have expected and I will say that in the Ag distribution channel there is a lot of inventory, there is no doubt about it and so that’s going to play itself through.  In terms of the aftermarket, meaning again kind of the break fix stuff, that’s going to hold up well, right, because at the end of the day if you are running a sprayer as an example, you got to do the maintenance on it this year and typical what we see happen in the cycles like this is people aren’t buying new equipment and so they are not retiring the old equipment. But they are retiring the old equipment and what you see now is the older equipment having a little bit longer life cycle.  And so that would be better, but the amount of new product in the channels and what’s happening in the OEMs in terms of their product schedules, that’s pretty significant. And farm prices or farm profits have been hit, and you guys all know the story here better than anybody. The farm profits have been hit meaningful and that’s going to take at least this year to play through and will kind of judge the impact on next year. 
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you Adam and again, we appreciate your interest in IDEX and the ability to walk you through here, what’s going on. Obviously we are very proud of the execution that we have been able to do here in the first quarter, but we recognize the realities of the world, and so that idea of controlling your own destiny is some thinking that we put front and center and we are absolutely going to do so.  We always keep in mind the long term value creation for shareholders and our desire to be one of the superior creators of value and we are going to continue to work for you. And so, we appreciate your support and we will talk to you hear in 90 days. Thank you. Take care. 
