Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. IDEX delivered outstanding results in the second quarter. We achieved record sales levels, 12% organic growth supported by double-digit contributions from each of our operating segments. Our backlog grew by 43 million, and we now sit at record levels to continue momentum into Q3. Core profitability continues to be strong even as we return to more normal discretionary spend levels, allowing us to fully invest in our best growth investments.  We delivered record adjusted EPS of $2.02, an increase of 15% over the prior year's second quarter. Last quarter, I described how our IDEX teams leveraged 8020 to accelerate throughput within a challenging supply chain environment. That positive momentum continued in the second quarter as our teams improve their ability to execute and deliver for our customers.  Our decentralized operating model, which aligns decision-making at the point of impact close to the customer, drives the speed and agility required for us to outperform. Our lead times were a competitive advantage and enabled share gain in pockets across the company.  Inflationary pressures remain, but the rate of increase decelerated, while we continue to capture price equivalent with our differentiation. Gross price capture increased and we expanded our price/cost spread trending back towards historic levels.  We remain committed to our capital deployment strategy and M&A remains a top priority for us. This quarter, we closed on the acquisition of KZValve, a complement to our agriculture business within FMT. Our pipeline is strong, and we continue to evaluate opportunities in higher-growth markets that support our style of competition. We have a healthy balance sheet and are confident that we can continue to put our capital to work.  We're also deploying capital organically across our portfolio to drive operational efficiencies and increase capacity to support our growth. We continue to make investments in commercial, engineering and M&A resources that enable us to execute on our strategy.  During the quarter, we increased our share repurchases and deployed $88 million to buy back 475,000 shares of IDEX stock. We remain disciplined with our methodology to create long-term value for shareholders when we see a disconnect between our intrinsic assessment of IDEX enterprise value and our public valuation.  Lastly, in the second quarter, our Board approved an 11% increase in our dividend. Rising interest rates, continued inflation and geopolitical dynamics all present some uncertainty for us as we consider and head into the second half of the year, but we're not yet seeing any major signals of near-term slowing within our commercial environments. We have good line of sight to the next 90 days, and we continue to see strength in almost all our end markets.  As we look across the industries we serve and our portfolio of differentiated technologies, we're confident that IDEX is well positioned to outperform during any short-term market volatility. It's been a really strong first half of the year, and our teams have a lot to be proud of, but it's not easy to overdeliver in this environment. I'd like to thank our IDEX employees around the globe for their hard work, diligence and agility as they execute for all our stakeholders.  With that, let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, thanks. So we're always looking at what we refer to as our canaries in the coal mine businesses. Those are the shortest cycle, more industrial businesses that are very, very close to the actual consumption that's going on out there in the industrial landscape.  And those have held up really, really well. I mean, I think that's the story of this whole post-pandemic recovery is just the industrial system that's been working feverishly to try to catch up. So that, for us, is always something that we're looking at first to see if there's an indicator of weakness there that usually sends up a signal and then you start to see things come after that.  And so far, as I said in the comments, that's holding in. And then I'm sure we'll talk about this more in the call, but then we balance that with some of the exposure we have across a whole host of markets on the project side. That's more of an indicator for us of overall future confidence where how people are tilting towards uncertainty, those things.  And there's a couple of places where we've seen that slow down. I mean, it's an interesting story overall, where in many ways, it's -- that kind of business has just struggled to get traction in this whole recovery cycle. But other than a few indicators and pockets there, we're sending point out a bit further into the future, we sort of keep a look at all of those and then look at our own backlog support on top of all of it that gives us at least the assurance in the short term. And of course, we'll always adjust that and recalibrate it, and that's the joy of a short cycle business. You can do that pretty quick.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's really broad-based. We're looking at the other day to see if it was kind of in pockets and chunks, and it's not. I mean, it's kind of layered across a lot of things.  Our lead times in aggregate are holding or decelerating. I mean, we made a comment there that we are seeing some pockets where frankly, our advantaged lead times that are reducing are giving us some opportunity to go grab some share in things. So I'd say on balance, we're not doing anything to drive that in the wrong direction. It's going in the right direction. And the backlog build is very, very broad-based.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say -- I mean, look, I think the environment for high-quality assets is held up pretty well as we've gone through this. But a lot of this is very deliberate work on our part to say that we want to go deeper, frankly, into our insight into those sort of concentric circles that surround our best applications.  So there's a purposeful step-up in work of that type, in both resources and some things we're doing with third-party analytics to make sure that we understand it as well as we can, in an environment that so far is holding up pretty well for high-quality assets.
Eric Ashleman: And maybe, Dean, to the extent you were -- I think you were also asking about maybe unfinished things that we have in our own factories or something waiting on a part, much like you see in the auto world.  I mean, I wouldn't say that it's completely devoid of our environment, but you don't see it all that often because we have pretty quick rapid turn one piece flow kind of build so it doesn't do well with something that's half done, there's really nowhere to put it. And our production process is quick enough, you're better off not starting it just because in general, most of our businesses, that's how we produce things.
Eric Ashleman: We wouldn't put a pump or something into the build schedule because we'll make 40 of them in a couple of hours, those kind of things.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I'd say probably more of the second category, not getting the release or not coming on the line, something we've been thinking about or projecting for a while now and some of these just get extended out.  So you mentioned the midstream side. I mean, there's some pockets in our chemical markets exposure, maybe more on the European side than elsewhere. A little bit in the paint dispensing area. We're just kind of coming off the end of a big replenishment cycle there. And then a few things in just specific industrial markets, food expansion, places like that.  I mean, they're pretty isolated. It's not a massive part of our business, but they're good indicators, things to watch. And I would just say it's been interesting over the cycle here is this category never really took off. I think in the beginning, it was very much clouded with uncertainty. The nature of the recovery, then it turned into a kind of a bandwidth issue.  Can anybody put together the materials or the time and energy to work on it? Maybe here in the later innings of it, it's sort of all of those factors. Uncertainty creeping in back a bit, the bandwidth issue is still there and now inflation and the cost of these projects is causing some recalibration for -- in certain markets where people have to kind of go back and run the math again.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, I'd say broad-based in terms of the way I just described it. I mean, we are seeing a bit more geographic strength in North America than Europe for all the reasons I think we would suspect in terms of things people are watching there on the geopolitical side, the energy side, those things. But both are positive for us. But if I had to call it, I would say, a little bit more positive on the North American side than Europe.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So as I said before, I mean, all this is bracketed a bit by the step up in intentionality and work that we're doing. So in that respect, again, there's a lot of things we're looking at, a lot of analysis that we're doing and a lot of conversations that we're having.  You would say our -- that just activity level is north of where it has been, much of it driven by our work. Now in those conversations, probably much like the conversations you have, there is definitely more discussions around near-term prospects and what's going on with the forecast and how do you see the sales tracking out and to the extent that all links back to valuation, it's just more intense than it has been for all the reasons you'd suspect.  As Bill and I have always said, though, when you're looking at assets of the quality that we look at, you're generally looking at a history that's very sharp, well positioned, driving in strong ways. And then a reasonable projection path, especially if we're the owners that kind of picks that up again.  So -- that doesn't mean that both sides are going to be able to see that and get through it. So that's always a possibility, but our perspective is very long term in nature for the kind of assets that we're looking at. So long story short, more activity on our part, which means I think a strong funnel for us, a lot of activity, engaging with people more near-term discussions around what this all means and where it's going to go, but then kind of just take a deep breath, stare over the horizon and be confident that for quality, I think ideally both sides see it that way and stay engaged.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, we're not a massive center-led kind of organization. Never have been. So this might sound more dramatic than it probably is from a headcount perspective. I mean, it's a few well-positioned ads from the outside work that we're doing on the third-party side. And then frankly, the biggest component is just a higher level of engagement overall business to business. I mean, this is something we've been driving now for a couple of years.  And we really focus to combine growth outperformance on top of our just sort of institutional great well-deserved execution shops. And so a lot of it is that way. In terms of where we're looking and what it looks like, I mean, we've always favored. I always come back to this analogy of concentric circles around these applications that we kind of currently sit in.  We know these environments really well. We know what's to the right or left of us, and the best work for me is really starting to understand where is this market heading, should we make a move slightly left or right and how would we do that.  The recent acquisitions that we've layered into the company are perfect examples of that. As we said before, we're also thinking about the broader world in general and where problems are presenting themselves and where IDEX like styles of competition could come in play, and maybe that would open up a flank for us and some applications that are new to the company. So that's in the mix as well.  But if you really had to overgeneralize it and think of it, think of it as just radiating circles from the best parts of the company with more intensity, a lot of it from the ground up. That's the way we like to do it.
Eric Ashleman: That's a good question. I mean, it's hard to say, though, because in many ways, we've been running us, others at such a hot level. It's pretty abnormal. Pulling back from that in any way, even if it's just simply the deceleration of the tremendous acceleration we've been feeling is going to have a material noticeable impact inside just how it feels in the business.  But I don't know that, that's the same thing as a broader call on economic conditions, maybe more than it's just, okay, it's not at peak levels. We can catch a breath. We can actually be a little bit more planful, mindful. And that's for us and that's for others as well. So think of it more in those terms but then let's say, since there's nothing else to do, we can get product quicker. I don't see it as an indicator of that.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I always kind of preface this question with a reminder that we have a lot of configured customized products with quick replenishment, which means not a ton of our inventory on shelves. So it's a small number.  I will say we've got some good visibility to at line of sight minimum. You can see it visually when you go visit them. So you can see some slight increases there for our product. I would assume that's applicable to more stockable components as well.  In our world, we think of that as if ultimately that bleeds off over time, in some ways, it's pretty similar the way that it works in our own business. It takes a while because of the wide variety of SKUs that are out there. None of it's really clumped around a standard solution that if you made a deterministic call on it would just flow out in a big pocket or chunk.  So we think about it a lot for IDEX, mainly just as more of an indicator of health overall. But from a meaningful impact to the numbers up or down, it extends over a large time horizon. It's not a giant piece of the business, and it usually is kind of lost in the math, to be honest.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I mean, some of it -- the impends are fact-based. So we can see and we track our own -- our suppliers' performance and their lead times and their on-time delivery to us. So you basically start there and say, "Well, we can see factually some improvement." The logistics loops are quite a bit better than where they have been on the first part of the year. And frankly, our teams are really good now, at navigating them when they kind of run astray. I think the biggest thing for us and anybody that wants to go tackle this now is, in some ways, you got to take advantage of the ability to take a breath. I would say as we've improved throughput, momentum, and we're executing stronger here, that does buy us a little bit of time, space and energy to go back and recalibrate the systems, which is what you actually have to do to go attack inventory.  You've got to go change demand signals. That's part by part. It's -- you do it on lines of paper laid out across the desk. And so -- and Bill talked about our engagement with our teams, that's the kind of work we're making sure is happening. People are kind of racking and stacking it 80s to 20s and making the calls based on fact-based patterns that they can see, and taking advantage of the time and energy, they have to go do it.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean it's exactly the way you described it. I mean it's very much tied to strong trends that we're going to, I think, see run out for quite some time here. So we -- like everything else in IDEX, we break it down into all sorts of little components and drivers and specific application sets. Some of the ones that are going well there, the AI space is healthy.  That's a decent part of the business -- sorry, analytical instrumentation. And then the genomics space has been very, very active. A lot of that is involving initially COVID and COVID surveillance. I think now as the pandemic has kind of moved on and entering in its third year. We're seeing now some more targeted work around taking some of that technology and applying it for things like targeted medicine and all the things that were always out there for that field of study. So those have been healthy as well.  We continue to have some isolated pockets where we do support for vaccines and things of that nature that stayed strong to the duration as they're continuing to work on different targeted vaccines and things like that for both COVID as well as other things. So it's definitely picking up most of the macro dynamics and trends that we have long known are out there, and it's why we spend a lot of time investing in it and talking about it.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, I'd say the headlines there, the supply chain constraints and some of the larger folks that are in that space are still there, still challenging, still fighting that.  I will say that there's kind of smaller to medium specialty players have done a decent job jumping in. So that's helped us a bit, just not the biggest part of the market. We remain really, really focused in that business on technology. So there's only so much we can do to help out on the supply chain side. Eventually, that will come to a better place. As it does, we want to be ready with all of the automation that we've been talking about, not only the pieces that we have in the water path of the mobile platform, but we've got a nozzle now that's got connectivity in it and diagnostics. We're doing the same thing on the rescue tools piece. So we've got some really, really good things there just presented in a giant global show here in the second quarter. So that for us is kind of the longer-term headline on an industry that we think will ultimately start to dial in and improve.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. I'll cover kind of the general state of the business, let Bill answer the financial question. So I mean that has been a really, really strong acquisition, strong integration process. It is a very, very close complement to our Banjo franchise in the ag space within FMT.  It's conveniently not very far away. And so the teams have really attacked it. It's performed strong as all our agricultural businesses have both in North America and Europe. And so this has been, in some ways, one of the easier integrations because the commercial linkage is so strong in the business, and everybody is speaking the same -- on the same page with technology and the broader market supports it. So very, very strong out of the gate. Excited on the long-term prospects here, and I'll let Bill talk about the specifics.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining today. We're really, really proud of our first half performance here. And as I close, just -- I guess the one thing I'd want you to take away is it's really a story of "and" not "or" here at IDEX.  I mean we've long, I think, earned our reputation for tactical execution, good times, difficult times. We're seeing that in the performance that we're addressing here today. And we're working deliberately to drive growth outperformance as an additive component of value creation on top of it.  We basically do that by picking the top bets that align really, really well to the macro trends that are going to be great over the long haul. We rally resources around those. And then here, as I spoke a few times, we very deliberately complemented those efforts with organic and inorganic investments, and we'll continue to do that as we go forward.  So I think you're seeing it play out. We're seeing it play out in the acquisitions we made that celebrate precision ag or alternative energy in the pneumatic space or water solutions and what that can be. So you're seeing that come together. And I just want to highlight the additive component of those 2 things, and we'll continue to talk about that as we move forward. Thanks very much for your interest in joining today.
William Grogan: Yes. And just to frame that, I mean our implied guidance, like, is kind of a 1 percentage sequential deceleration in Q4. So it's small, just a little bit of noise that could potentially be out there. But right now, what we have line of sight to and the confidence in our order patterns, we still think the back half is going to be really strong.
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think that's exactly right. As we sit here now and lead times, as Eric just talked about on our side are improving, we're starting to see that across the broader aspects of our supply chain. So our increased purchases to buffer some of the longer lead times to continue to deliver for our customers is shrinking.  Now it's just catching up with our production and getting that through our system. So -- as we look at third quarter, there will be some improvement, but more material decreases in the fourth quarter leading into the first part of next year.  So again, we've spent a lot of time with the teams to understand and calibrate around still having this robust demand, measuring what our vendors and their capabilities are from a lead time perspective and then drawing down our open POs, and then increasing the throughput as we have here in the second quarter to the first and maintaining that as we progress through the back half of the year.
William Grogan: Yes. That is a component as we've had customers who other suppliers for them haven't then is capable to produce have held up some of their receipts. So we have finished goods at a higher level than we have had historically because of issues our customers are facing with other suppliers.
William Grogan: No, that's what's going to drive the increased spend in the back half. We're expecting both the India and China facilities to open later this year. And then Banjo I think is kind of late third quarter, early fourth quarter.  So there's -- those projects, I think, are on track. Obviously, that's a subset of the $60 million ramp -- $30 million ramp, $60 million spend in the back half that. Relative to supply chain delays and things, we have seen some items smaller as pushed from the first half to the second. So there's a little bit of play in that number. But for the large ones, we're confident that those will hit here in the next couple of months.
William Grogan: No, definitely. I mean, our backlog is kind of 2x of what it has been historically. And normally, we'd go into a quarter with 50% of the quarter sales in backlog. We've got close to 2/3 now. So we have a lot more visibility to temper any dramatic short-term falloff.  So again, relative to the next couple of months, we're fairly confident in our numbers. So I don't think there's a huge pause that would come because our backlog could support any short-term decrease in orders.
William Grogan: We're a little over 4% here in the second quarter, which ramped from a little over 3% in the first quarter. We don't guide the balance of the year price, but we're really confident in what the teams have gone out with to combat inflation, which seems to have leveled off. So I mentioned we have an expectation that our price cost is going to continue to improve through the back half of the year to support some of our higher-margin profile expectations.
William Grogan: I would say a couple of things. One, relative to -- we only have a couple of businesses that have direct exposure to commodity prices. From a materiality level, we're buying components that are a couple of phases through that value stream.  So obviously, we didn't have the vast inflation impact on the way in that a lot of other companies did. Again, 4% price increase is still price cost positive, and we're building. So -- that will, I think, wean out over time, it will be a material impact, but we will keep all the incremental pricing that we've had. Again, we've holistically gone out with price increases versus surcharge. So we like where we're positioned here going forward.
William Grogan: Yes. I think those actions, the depth and quality of the funnel is probably at an all-time high. Like that work that the team has done across a variety of different end market applications, those concentric circles that Eric highlighted, and one of the main reasons why we are so confident in our ability to deploy capital much more consistently as we progress.
William Grogan: And then some of the areas we have been able to take shares, it's because we have an 80 position with that vendor. And we're getting a higher allocation than some of our smaller competitors. So if they don't have the material availability, we're able to go in and take their volume.
William Grogan: Yes. No, I think the biggest pressure has been price/cost. With 45% gross margins, you have to have a price cost spread well in excess of that to expand. So that has put constant pressure. And then we continue to invest in engineering resources, which to remind everyone, that is included in our gross margin number.  So we've been able to maintain through robust productivity across the portfolio to offset some of those headwinds. So I do think price cost getting back to historical levels and then our continued volume leverage that we get on the high contribution margins we have in our business.  Once we stabilize a little bit from an operations perspective, we'll be able to pull through some increases. With, again, just the very difficult operating environment we've been in, the ability to have discrete productivity projects across the portfolio that we've historically been able to execute on has been muted a little bit too here is another point. So I think as things normalize, we'll get another kicker off of that.
William Grogan: We don't really disclose that externally to be honest. We don't look at it internally. It goes a little bit to the project comment that Eric talked about a little bit earlier. It's not a huge part of our business. So I would say, holistically, most of our projects are OpEx, replacing like-for-like, current IDEX volume and then some incremental market share gains that we have.  The CapEx, we have some specific things that we would be able to realize with plant expansions, new plant creation. But overall, relative to our portfolio, it's not an overly material number. So the short answer would be, holistically, it's more OpEx-related on our sales.
William Grogan: No, I think it's in line with our expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. I mean orders pressure in the second quarter will have more pressure in the third, but they'll continue to have sales growth in the third quarter with sales finally fallen off a little bit kind of post those replenishment projects in the fourth quarter.  So still a great business. Very global. Still having wins in emerging markets. They're launching new technologies on the software side. So although they're going to lose the replenishment, their core business continues to grow. So it's been cyclical over its life span, but a little bit of pressure here in the short term as those projects roll off. But holistically, lots of additional opportunity through software and emerging markets growth.
William Grogan: Obviously, back half, we've got much tougher comps. In the third quarter, at least relative to we have visibility. We think we'll still be positive from an organic perspective, highlighted a little bit of the dispensing pressure that will continue. But overall, IDEX still positive. And from a July perspective, no material changes versus the trends that we've experienced here across the portfolio.
William Grogan: No, I think you said it well. It is -- at least our expectation for decrementals will be a little bit higher than they have been historically because of us relative to current profit levels and the war on talent that Eric highlighted. So maybe we would historically have been in the low 30s. We're probably closer to 40% here if there's a slight pickup here as we progress over the next couple of quarters.
William Grogan: Yes, I think there's always our first quarter, we generally get our annual blankets from a lot of our customers. So it's generally inflated relative to sequential profile of the balance of the year. So -- that's the real driver from the Q1 to Q2. For us now, it's kind of leveling off with keeping an eye on just our daily order rates, which have sustained here in the month of July.
