Ted Geisler: Michael, this is Ted. It’s not linear wish it was that easy. You got to remember, we got seasonality, we’ve got seasonal rates that start here in May. So we try to do is, is just say that if you look at the entire effects of COVID since mid-March through the end of April, which is what we think the worst of it, because that’s during the forced stay at home measure.And if you just say that that forced stay at home measure effect were to continue all the way through the end of Q2, then you’d likely have a full $0.20 EPS impact. And that’s the way we’ve been thinking about it.Now keep in mind, we’re starting to reopen as I mentioned, retail start earlier this week. Salons started today, in fact, can’t wait to go get a haircut myself after this call. And Monday we’ve got restaurants opening.So certainly there’s some resumption and we’d expect to see some positivity from a sales standpoint as a result of this. But what we’re saying just from a scenario standpoint, if you just saw what we’ve seen over the last four weeks continue hard through the end of Q2, then that’s the impact.
Ted Geisler: It’s difficult to predict. A good question and certainly on our minds as well, I’d say it’s possible. The other aspect that we’re thinking about is I know, you know, our workforce is contemplating the success we’ve had at a remote work environment. We would expect that we’ll have many employees embrace more flexible work from up work on a go forward basis, because we’re seeing the benefits of that.And so we think other companies may do the same. Therefore, you may have a long-term persistent change in usage for residential customers as a result of more flexible work environments. So a lot of uncertainties but I think your points well taken and certainly something that we’re paying attention to as well.
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Julien it’s a fair question. But really, it’s too difficult to get specific on how we’re thinking about those two levers. You know, if this were more similar to the Great Recession, where you just had a net decrease in all customer classes, it’d be a bit easier to tie up the GDP and try to assume some level of resumption. But in this case, we’re seeing inverse trends where residential is up, C&I is down. It’s unclear what the business resumption will do to C&I slowly improving and then what residential does.So you know, for us, what we thought was most fair is just simply play out the current environment all the way through Q2 and be able to share that while businesses are reopening, let’s just assume that you saw no improvement. Here’s what the EPS impact would be. And then more importantly, focus on our levers. And this management team is very focused on our levers to fight hard and do everything we can to make sure that we mitigate the impacts.
Ted Geisler: Yeah, so certainly, you know, cost managements at the top of that list, as I mentioned and specific to cost management, you gave me some examples of our lean initiatives. But, you know, we also think about it through the lens of restricting, hiring or consulting costs, reduce employee expenses, deferring certain non-essential work activities course, we also anticipate some fundamental growth drivers.So, as we stated before, we don’t have data center baked into our forecast, because that remained relatively uncertain at the beginning of the year in terms of timing and volume. But we’re seeing data centers continue with their progression. In fact, two large data centers that have been under construction for a while, are transitioning in the next two weeks from construction power to full service usage. And that’s certainly a driver for us.While we don’t count on weather, and in full year guidance, weather is certainly helping us so far. And then finally, as you saw from Q1, we’ve got some non-operational drivers relative to in Q1 pension OPEB that it’ll analyze throughout the remaining three quarters.So as an example, those are some levers and from a cost management standpoint. We’ve identified what we need to do based on the assumptions that we shared with you today. And of course, we’ll continue to evaluate additional opportunities as more information becomes apparent throughout the remainder of the quarter.
Ted Geisler: Julien, so you’re right in terms of the guidance range for customer growth, sales growth, you know, keep in mind for Q1, as we stated, we saw weather-normalized sales growth of 0.8% I’ll tell you, you know, prior to effective COVID, we saw 1% to 2%, weather normalized sales growth and in fact, the first couple of weeks in March, it actually jumped up to 2% to 3% with a normalized but the way I would look at it is we believe the fundamentals in our service territory still remain strong for growth.I wouldn’t be able to predict whether they returned to the original guidance levels, but we certainly expect that there’s going to be help from growth in the balance of the year when the economy normalizes to be able to offset some element of the COVID impacts.
Ted Geisler: I just add to that, you know, when we’re defining most economic plan, that could mean that if one plan’s $1 more savings than another, it’s more economical. And so oftentimes with the information that we’re sharing our customers on the bottom of the bill, they may look at it and see the difference between the current plan and the most economic is so de minimis not worth going through a change and yet they still classify this potentially not being on their most economic plan. So it’s difficult to read too much into the proportion of customers that are or not.
Ted Geisler: Now, there’s no recent change that impacts our guidance for what you said correct, 14% effective tax rate.
Ted Geisler: No plans to change CapEx and there’s been no material projects that have been changed, we may have shifted some non-essential work activities. Certainly we’re working with home builders, et cetera, to the extent that their timing or volume changes, but we’ve got other opportunities on the list that the organization would love to be able to get a head start on that could fill in that gap. So we’re sticking with our current CapEx plan for the year.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. So the discussion, there was a decision made to refund the over collected DSM balance. So that’s going to provide relief for customers with a bill credit in June. The discussion of whether an accounting order would be adopted was raised and there’s been some letters written by commissioners and some discussion in open meeting context around deferral mechanisms, which are obviously being discussed in many states, many jurisdictions.There was conversation on that earlier this week at the commission, but no action taken. And as I indicated – the Chairman indicated that he’s going to likely bring it back for further discussion. So there hasn’t been anything done yet, but they’re discussing it.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Sure, Shar. You know I think right now under the current schedule, if you think about a September hearing date start and then you start layering on what happens. So you have a month to, maybe longer than a month hearing, followed by written briefs, followed by the administrative law judge putting together a recommended opinion and order, followed by exceptions, followed by an open meeting. I think the schedule that we have now does have the case moving into 2021.And so the question then is, where in 2021? And what happens over the rest of the summer? How does the pandemic play out? What impact does that have on the commission’s ability to process cases? And again, Tucson Electric is ahead of us, so is a one indicator that you could watch for there.With respect to settlement, you know, this was a case that the commissioner had indicated they wanted to do through a fully litigated rate case. Obviously, there’s a lot of uncertainty that’s come up now with the pandemic.And is an opportunity to do that, you know, that’s something that we are open to, I think there’s been a little bit of signaling that that might be more palatable than it was 6, 9 months ago. It’s still too early to say, because as you probably know, and what generally happens is, those discussions really start after you see staff and intervener testimony. So you kind of got the boundaries staked out.And so we wouldn’t expect to see much developments on that front until after testimony gets filed. And a little early to say whether that’s going to be something that the commission’s going to want to do. But it’s something that we would certainly entertain.
Jeff Guldner: We’re still shooting for June. Again, things are a little fluid right now in terms of what’s affecting the workload. But we’re still anticipating a filing in June.
Jeff Guldner: And Julien, just qualitatively when you look at also beyond 2020 I mean the states very focused on looking at how to pivot the economic development strategy and that’s been something that we’ve been very involved with this helping to recruit commercial customers and helping to recruit additional high load factor consumers into the service territory.And I think as you begin to look at some of the potential changes on supply chain wanting to bring supply chain closer to, you know, closer to home, potential patterns of people who are looking to move from higher population density areas, there’s a lot of good, I think long-term focus that the economic development folks here both at the state level and within some of the larger companies are really working to try to capitalize on.So obviously, that can affect 2020. But when you look at some of the long-term patterns, I think it’s going to still be consistent with what we’ve seen, which is that we’ll see both the customer growth and if we can get the higher load factor, manufacturing, industrial customers, then we’ll sales growth as well.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah, I think that you would change in terms of a rate design change or anything that would have to happen in a rate case. I mean, the conversation of whether you would default people to their most economical plan, which is something Sacramento did for example, that’s not something we had proposed. We wanted to give customers a choice here, but those are likely to be discussed in the rate case.
Jeff Guldner: It’s just up for further discussion right now. So there isn’t a timeline. It’s just something that was raised. They didn’t vote it out on the last discussion. I can’t tell you whether they’re going to vote it out on the next discussion, but it’s still in – if they’re still talking about it.
