Donald Brandt: I'll answer the last one first, probably we've continue to address it as the October board meeting. There is no reason that couldn't change but that's traditionally been the time, if there was a reason. But I don't think we've changed it just to change it. So that's about as best answer. I think I'd focus on October for future years following some other changes. Relative to how the management team and the board focused on the dividend, one is focus on what would we do to create the most long term value for shareholders. And in that regard, our philosophy was a change in the dividend that would appear to be the least risky, meaning, I believe and our board, the more secure that dividend of peers going forward, the more shareholder value will create with the absence of uncertainty around it. That certainly doesn't mean we're locked into this kind of an increase in the future. But I'm also not telegraphing there is any change. But as you know we've heard the stock over the last couple of years about our cost control initiatives and the projects that Jim Hatfield, Mark Schiavoni, our team helped for us over the stay-out period, and the fact that we have 200 to 300 employees retiring each year and we're going to try to take as much advantage of those potential cost savings as possible. And our forecast of sales is essentially flat. And it's still very early stages. There is some activity in the housing market. And as you know, we've got more than 25,000 empty homes in our service territory. And when the market starts to return to normal, whatever normal might it look like in future years, that would be potential upside to earnings, and obviously both the management team and board would take those potential positive developments in the consideration in future years.
Donald Brandt: Yes. It's a broad question. I'll probably give you a broad answer too. I know from our folks who deal with developers, there is still continuing activity. One thing we have heard is there is a labor shortage right now, relative to what the severe downturn or basically the housing industry, all that's shutdown, the carpenters, masons, roofers, et cetera. But that's not the kind of thing, and people in the housing business I've talked to that takes a year to develop, that's where you recruit folks from other parts of the country and you might be talking a matter of months to solve some of the labor issues. But with that said, I guess we've got the 25,000 plus, I think it's 27,000 of empty homes that are ready, willing and able to be occupied at a very short notice. And the local print paper, you find online at azcentral.com, there has been a number of almost every other day another story about changing in house prices and while there is some volatility, the trend seems to be on the uptick.
Donald Brandt: Well, it's something we'll look at each year. But I think our aspirations are to continue to grow the dividend. We feel very confident and we'll talking more about the future earnings in connection with EEI in the next week or so. And I think that would give you more insight into it.
Donald Brandt: Well, we have the ongoing riders in that, we'll continue communications. But to answer your question, Charles, directly, there aren't any big issues out there. But its continuing monthly, if not a weekly dialogue with the commissioners and their policy advisor's to keeping abreast to what's going on in the company, and just from a relationship standpoint.
Donald Brandt: Well, most of the issues were a year ago in the media between a legislature and Commission, if fairly well died down. And both parties in the year of the existing commissioners have been supportive over our past on renewable. So I certainly can't and won't predict the outcome of any election much less the Corporation Commission. But I don't foresee the need or the likelihood of any significant change.
James Hatfield: Well, I think we've been flat since '08, so I think any sort of non-essential expense has been eliminated. I think Don alluded to this in his text, which is we're going to have significant retirements over the next few years, to consider that two-thirds of our people related costs that as we continue to improve our business processes in labor technology, our ability not to replace each individual that leaves will be where we'll have to drop them.
James Hatfield: At this point, I don't think so for a couple of reasons. This thing runs through '15, so we'll have to see. But from a capacity perspective we're in pretty good shape capacity-wise. We'll be doubled at 2015 renewable energy standard, so probably not near term and appetite to do anything more with utility scale.
James Hatfield: Well, if it came back in or was extended in 2012 before the end of the year, it would be applied retroactively to the year. They could also extended in '13 and make a retroactive. We'll have to wait and see what happens with that. Our tax people feel like it's something that will be extended at some point.
James Hatfield: Well, I think there were a couple of things in there, Paul. First you had to switch gear at annual increase, which was $0.02. We also had about $0.04 to a catch-up adjustment last year which went against us. So we didn't have that this year, and that's another $0.04. And then, we begin booking in the third quarter, now, that we have a set schedule of June 1 every year through the 2012 settlement that we're sort of accruing next year's increase as we earn it throughout the year. It's a same concept we're doing with LFCR which will apply for our filing on application next year, but we're actually earning it this year.
James Hatfield: That's our current plan, Ali. At this point absent something unforeseen like a quick recovery and growth next year sometime. I don't see that we would have a rate base growth that's greater than 6%.
James Hatfield: I think we have a couple of things, Ali, to think about. And again, we'll cover this more specifically Friday. But you don't have perfect regulation, so you're not going to get a dollar for dollar in that regard. And then, yes, at some point we'll have some dilution as we calibrate the capital structure assuming we are on a next rate case.
