Jim Hatfield: Sure. And simply what happened is, we're now cleared through IRS audit through '07 and we just adjusted our accruals. I want to also point out any quarter like the first quarter where you're typically zero net income, your tax rates are going to be screwy. But if we look at overall, over the year the impacts it will have for 2010, in the first quarter it was about $0.08. I think for the year that's going to run at a 35% rate, somewhere in the vicinity of about $0.13 – $0.14 over the course of the year just from my lowering of the tax rate, assuming we hit the midpoint of the guidance.
Jim Hatfield: I would not assume a 35% tax rate beyond 2010. It's just reflective of the sort of adjusting our accruals to clear the prior years.
Jim Hatfield: That's correct, that's correct. And as Don talked about, we're going through the RFP evaluation process. In my opinion, unlikely we'll see a contribution in '10. But, it really depends how quickly we can get contracted and get these projects going. The quicker the better from an earnings perspective.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Certainly. Thank you.
Jim Hatfield: Well, as I've said on the first one Chris, on the CapEx potential, we've said the Arizona signed up to $500 million for those 100 megawatts. We have RFPs on wind. Wind is generally running $2,000 a KW. So depending on the amount of the projects, that's an opportunity. I do think we have to be cognizant going down this path of right basing renewable. While it's clear we have Commission's support to do some in rate base, we can't rely totally on a PPA model and I think the Chairman Mayes made that clear in the open meeting with me. And so I think we're going to continue to try to pick and choose our opportunities to rate base. Wind gets done at least much easier than solar. So, that will be a factor. And so at this point while there may be some CapEx potential upside on renewables, other than Arizona Sun, there is not a clear path right now. On the environmental I'll just speak to the dollars. I think it really depends on what we get. The range is broad. We put out there $400 million to $700 million or $800 million depending upon what standard we ultimately get. I think that is the wild card but Don, I don’t know if you have any additional comments.
Jim Hatfield: There has been no clear target on that. The dialog was much along we can't sustain a PPA model without facing non-investment grade status at some point and they're understanding that not adverse to rate-basing some of this stuff going forward but it can't be a sole model of rate-basing. I don't know that anybody has really thought through an ideal mix. From our perspective, obviously, the more rate-base, the greater earnings opportunity. But we do have robust wholesale market in Arizona and I don't think anybody is going to try to ignore that.
Jim Hatfield: It's Jim. The recession is over in Arizona. So there was no action on that either. There is a workshop going on as well on line extension, and back to Don's original comment on decoupling, nobody really knows the timing of that moving forward.Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, thank you, very much.
Don Robinson: Hi, Dan. What we really – the workshops have really just got started and the thing I can tell you at this point is the one thing that people have agreement on, is the company needs to have some sort of decoupling mechanism to continue to provide us an incentive to go forward with energy efficiency so we are not financial harmed on that. The process hasn’t even gone along far enough yet to tell, for us to give you a good sense of where it's headed in terms of what principals they are other than people recognize the need for it and I believe we can work through that successfully.
Don Robinson: It is a priority for them. I'm not sure whether there is enough time to get it done, even if they desire to get it done. So it may or may not happen this year.
Don Robinson: This Don Robinson. Solana, Abengoa continues to work with DOE. We expect that they'll get some answer in the next few months. That continues to be a moving target. On the second part of the question, of what happens if it doesn't go, as Don mentioned in his comments, we had an extraordinarily high response to our request for proposals for solar so that if something were to happen there, we would just move on to other options and do some other projects instead of that. Still hopeful that Abengoa will go on but we just wait like everybody to get through that federal process.
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. Clearly at the coal plants we have got the FCRs and those issues, just like every other coal plant would be looking at and facing during that. We have nothing unusual in that respect.
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. The capacity factor for solar projects would generally be in the 30% to 40% range on a year-wide basis. But if you look at solar thermal like we proposed at Solana, it will be on – the capacity factor will be very high during the on-peak periods and with photovoltaic it will also be relatively high during the on-peak periods. So if you look at an annual capacity factor, it looks relatively low obviously because the evenings are not running.
Don Robinson: Paul, this is Don Robinson. Actually, under the terms of RFP and the confidentiality, we can't even give out rough numbers on what our megawatt-hour numbers are.
Don Brandt: Dan, the one thing I've learned after all of these years is, it is impossible to predict the Commission's timing on a workshop process. Because there are so many parties involved and there are so many different issues and different areas they want to have workshops in, I don't even want to hazard a guess of what it would take.
Don Brandt: And Dan, almost anything is possible but it is very likely that the details, as they would apply to any specific company, would get discussed and resolved in an actual rate proceeding.
Don Brandt: They are and they also are seeing that if it's dependent on everybody else doing it, we run into as many more problems or more than if we were doing it ourself.
Don Brandt: Yes, Chris, this is Don Brandt. I don't think we have got certainly any clarity on carbon legislation and I doubt we'll have much clarity for another year or so in that regard. And that is – one of the various business factors why we're driving on renewables and particularly solar is we can actually deploy solar and it's a good hedge against potential costs and consequences of future carbon legislation.
Don Brandt: Well, I think, including Arizona Sun, we're looking at about 6% annual growth in rate-base according to our latest CapEx plan. Obviously rules around carbon could change that both positively and negatively but we'll just have to wait and see. If this becomes an issue we need clarity to be able to definitively answer those questions.
Don Brandt: Well, large-scale solar is under confidentiality agreement. So we really can't talk about that. With the Arizona Sun, the original projections were about $5,000 a KW. We're sorting through the RFPs now. It remains to be seen if that continues to be the cost going forward.
Don Brandt: Let's go back though, and talk about the legislation. The legislation was something that was proposed and pulled. So it never actually was our action by the legislature on that. In terms of impact to customers, it's going to depend on two things over the long term. One is gas prices and the other, what happens to carbon. So we know from a capital cost, these things tend to be a little more expensive. But the benefit we have with solar is our conditions and our high capacity factors on-peak when we need them most.
Don Brandt: No, '10 through '12 we see flat sales sort of in the aggregate. So right now we're looking at maybe slightly negative sales that are not in '10. That would imply a slight pickup really in '12. But over the three-year period you're going to see sales pretty much flat lined.Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: :
Don Brandt: Okay. Well, thank you for your time again this morning. We appreciate your interest. If you have any other questions don't hesitate to call any one of us. Have a great day.
