Jim Hatfield: A great question Shar and the answer to that is, yes. And if you remember our last settlement, we issued guidance over a couple of year period and we would look to do some sort of EPS growth looking over the settlement period again to give investor’s comfort of our ability to manage through that.
Jim Hatfield: It does not nullify it, Kevin but obviously if we don't believe we need that amount of equity by 2014 we will certainly make our case to the settlement parties in 2009 and I would not expect that they would want to issue the most expensive form of cost of money if it's not needed and keep in mind too since that last settlement in 2009 we have been upgraded as well which helps the situation.
Jim Hatfield: No and I don’t think we would specifically say a payout level. I think we would consistent with earnings growth of X, look at a dividend growth rate of X minus or something to that regard as opposed saying an explicit payout ratio.
Jim Hatfield: That's correct. I would not characterize it as a one that will offset but you do get a partial revenue pick up from what's lost through the programs.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think to say, you wouldn't see any erosion over that timeframe is probably a bit strong. I think depending upon factors, including our ability to have CapEx at the right level and control expenses I think over the timeframe you would see ROEs in the mid 9s.
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct and back to Don's earlier comments. We’re not going to issue equity any sooner than we needed, but I think the factors that go into that are obviously liquidity which we have ample liquidity. So I am not necessarily worried about that, but we do have to watch our credit ratios as well which will be part of the equation. And that’s going to be driven obviously by fund some operation CapEx going forward. I mean I think there is a balance there between try to maintain ratings and not pile on too much debt but it's going to be the latest long as possible.
Jim Hatfield: Sure, from a regulatory ROE, our regulatory equity layer, our last case was 539 which was our actual capital structure, long before that was 538. So it's in that range and at sort of a consolidated level it's 50-50. What we also have to monitor is imputed debt and the other factors that S&P puts into the rating.
Jim Hatfield: Well, we get to defer the cost associated with four and five. We get a debt return. So the real lag from an earnings perspective is just the offset of the equity return. It’s more of a cash flow issue than it’s going to be a book issue during that timeframe.
Jim Hatfield: Well, so the deferral started 25% in 2012 and ramps up to 75%. So yeah, there is a risk there obviously of property taxes. The assessment rates continue to go up. Property tax assessment rates typically are about 18 month lag to values. So it’s really depend upon what happens in and around in property values in Arizona between now and the next decade.
Jim Hatfield: The leap year is one day out of three months and the first quarter is not a big sales month for us, so not a big impact from that.
Don Brandt: A couple of weekends ago we had a record 106 degrees we believe on Saturday and Sunday. It’s gotten hot here before in May. I think you might have a pleasant visit for AGA.
Don Brandt: Sure the mechanism of loss fixed costs recovery mechanism envisions that we will file the first recovery in March of 2013 and it recovers that distribution fixed costs associated with lost cells through those mechanisms.
Don Brandt: Yeah, Greg I think you are exactly right there that it would be certainly no sooner than we needed and the driving force would be rebalancing our capital structure going into that test year.
Don Brandt: It won’t have an impact on us at this point. Keep in mind, our migration into Arizona really follows job opportunities and that’s not going to happen until we see the absorption of housing and construction pickup again.
Don Brandt: Well, that’s pretty hard to track exactly Paul, but I would say, I know we have energy efficiency standard and a distributor generation standard. We can track pretty much what we’re doing; customers are also doing things as well. But primarily, I would say yes, it’s the ACC compliance program that’s involved.
