Andrew Cooper: Yes Insoo, thanks for the question. It is definitely too early to say right now. As I mentioned, we are monitoring from an O&M perspective, as well as this pension headwind. There are absolutely mitigants to the headwind that we see from the market returns on our assets where we stand today. There will undoubtedly be some headwind if the market continues to be at the level that it is today. But what we really wanted to highlight was that because we are so heavily allocated to fixed income, that all asset classes have performed similarly badly this year. But over the long-term fixed income is going to be the right place for us from a low volatility perspective. But in 2023 will be an offset that, I think may be missing from some of the calculations out there because we were starting from an expected return on assets this year that's lower than most of the industry at around 5% because we're so heavily invested in fixed income. And then when you project forward to next year and think about where we'll mark-to-market at year-end, fixed income yields are 200 basis points higher than they were when we set that return last year. And that will weigh into the expected return on asset calculation next year which is an offset against the amortization of those potential losses that we have on the asset side. 
Andrew Cooper: Sure Julien, let me start with the sales and usage side. As we saw this quarter, it's been a continuation of a lot of the trends. I think the most important thing we're seeing is the consistent continuation of that customer growth at that 2% level. From a customer usage perspective, this was really the quarter where we would have seen the maturation of some of those trends from the COVID recovery that work-from-home trend on the residential side. And then, this is really the quarter where the last of the C&I customers started to come online and we saw a lot of strengths there. So from the perspective of economic activity in the service territory, residential side that continuation of customer growth is something that has been spot on to where our guidance has been something that we feel pretty good about. On the C&I side, putting aside a longer-term question, which I'll let Jeff take around TSMC we're seeing the maturation of some of those trends that we've seen play out over the course of the pandemic recovery.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Nick. So we are definitely beginning in this quarter to see some of the headwinds from inflation play out and that's what you're seeing reflected there. I don't think there's anything particular about the second half of the year. We certainly continue to monitor in the third quarter and going into the rest of the year. That balance between sales and O&M and so really aren't in a position to be any changes at this point just monitoring that. Keep in mind, a lot of the inflation we're seeing is on the capital side. Jeff mentioned, the RFP that we put out. We'll see in that RFP, how some of those project costs play out and those are the longer lead time piece of this. So from the perspective of O&M, it's really for us to continue to be vigilant on our customer affordability and land segment initiatives and just continue to monitor for this year and going into next. That's kind of the key for us. Fuel cost, obviously was a big inflationary item this summer. We were very well hedged 85% plus and that really helped to from a customer affordability perspective on the PSM mechanism to make sure that some of that was blunted given how high gas prices have gotten for our business. So really just a continued vigilance and monitoring for the rest of the year.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. No, it's a great question, Nick. And so that hedging process which is our liability-driven strategy is really about funded status. And that is kind of our north star is to be in a position to not make future contributions to the pension. We don't project any contributions over the next few years. The funded status remains relatively intact. That 100% is – makes us agnostic to changes in interest rates. We do have a 20% allocation to equities and other risk assets still today. Those assets from an asset perspective may move and that can create actuarial gains and losses relative to what our expected return is. So the allocation to those treasury securities and other fixed income securities is the LDI strategy, matching up our liability with our asset and becoming agnostic to move some interest rate from a funded status perspective. It does help with volatility from a benefit cost perspective and that's because of the way we mark our fixed income assets to market at the end of the year, which in a rising interest rate environment helps with our expected return in the following year.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So that number is the accumulation of actuarial gains and losses over time. And given where asset classes were in 2021 and 2020 and prior years, you're seeing a significant contribution from actuarial gains in those years. It really – it's reflective of the returns on the assets in our portfolio in the prior year, which are have been historically still fairly fixed income heavy. We're at 80% fixed income this year 20% equities. And I think that will help – hopefully help you extrapolate. The information we provided this quarter in the deck is meant to kind of give you each driver and how it responds to changes in market forces as well as interest rates and discount rates generally. So if you kind of take the combination of those factors that's how we arrive at that non-service contribution or cost at the end of the year.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. It's -- the number of factors that go into both our service costs and our non-service costs that are related to changes in interest rates, it makes it hard to give a rule of thumb as you get closer to zero on interest rates, it's more or less sensitive to certain line items. And as interest rates rise, it can become more sensitive. So they're not linear impacts. But if you at least start from the key factors, you have our service costs, which respond -- and service costs, interest costs which have nothing to do with market returns and everything to do with discount rates that move in opposite directions as interest rates move. You have our expected return for the following year, which maybe on a smaller asset base, if there's a negative return in the prior year. But as I mentioned earlier, has a positive impact from marking to market with fixed income yields. And then, you have any amortization of actuarial gains and losses which is always netted. So if you have a loss from the asset return in the prior year, before you apply the corridor test, which is the accounting we use, you net any actuarial gains which you would see from our discount rate having been higher than we expected in 2022. So you're going to have a smaller net actuarial loss that you would then apply the corridor test and amortize. So, I mean, those are the drivers and we want to make sure that we had all of them at hand. None of them are linear, none of them work in exact synchronicity with each other, but those are the factors that we let them get us to what we would expect the headwind to be based on any market return. 
Andrew Cooper: Not directly. What it does is, it ensures that as interest rates move, if the asset goes down -- or if the asset goes up, the liability goes down. The liability goes down, the asset goes up. So it's really meant to keep our funded status intact by making sure that we're looking at the average service life of our plan participants and becoming agnostic to moves in interest rates, so that our funded status doesn't change materially. Being heavily allocated to those fixed income securities is helpful to reduce the volatility of benefit cost, but it is not hedging the asset per se. It's hedging the relationship between the asset and the liability.
Andrew Cooper: So the big trends we're seeing right now on the sales growth side are, sort of, that consistent customer growth, as I mentioned. We had a strong showing from C&I growth this quarter and that was really a result of the return to normalcy from the perspective of our C&I customers, in particular, schools and government institutions. On the residential side, continuing to see customer usage start to get back to normal levels, as anyone who was working from home is now working from home. So the residential side is really just going to be continued to be driven by customer growth. Over the long term and implicit in that 5% to 7% EPS CAGR is this near-term 1.5% to 2% growth that we're tracking towards monitoring. And then, in the longer term that 3.5% to 4.5% growth, which is driven on the back end by a lot of the factors Jeff talked about earlier from some of our large industrial customers, which contributed an incremental 100 basis points to growth over that time period. And that's really the key thing baked in from a sales perspective.
Andrew Cooper: As of now Shar, we're maintaining the guidance range that we have. We're seeing those pressures. We're going to continue to watch it as we get through the summer, see where we are. As I mentioned a lot of the challenges around capital and some of the new projects that we're starting to engage in, it's not been easy but some of the same things Jeff said around our customer affordability and maintaining that vigilance is what we are focused on doing right now.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. Shar that would be consistent with our prior practice. So that's what's anticipated right now.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. That's obviously an area that we're focused in right now. I think it's important that we continue to have good discussions. I'd say, right now we're more in the technical aspects of what's building up the rate case application, as you get further into the case and again particularly as you start to see which track whether it moves in a settlement track or whether it moves in a fully litigated track what some of those options are but – Insoo, you're exactly right. You want to make sure you build in conceptually, what the benefits of that kind of a tracker are. And in particular in this case, it's focused on just clean energy resources. And it really does help avoid just having serial rate cases come in as we have to catch up with investments that we're making. And so, I think it still presents a pretty compelling case. It's a little out of the ordinary for Arizona regulation. I expect that's something that Tucson Electric is also going to be spending some time on. And so, hopefully there's momentum that continues to build, as people begin to see the benefits of having this more smoothly come in and not just force every utility here to come in on serial rate cases, but absolutely a topic of discussion. 
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Julien, no AMT effect for us. I think you're right on the ability to compete. I mean one of the things if -- obviously it's got to get over the finish line. But if you move into a solar production tax credit, that's very helpful. I think we view generally the IRA process is being helpful from a customer affordability perspective, because it would really help reduce the cost for us to continue to move ahead with the deployment of the clean technology and take advantage of some of the tax -- different tax credits. And so that's both us and obviously others that would be doing PPA work. But there's certainly a number of provisions in that bill that are helpful in maintaining a balance. And it still would be a balance, but a balance of utility ownership and PPAs as we move forward with deploying clean technologies.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. And Julien on the TSMC, I think if you look at the state there's a couple of key technology sectors that we're really I think moving ahead from a national standpoint. One of them is semiconductors. So we've had Intel here for quite a while. TSMC is now building out in our service territory. Intel is opening another fab, over in Salt River territory. And as you -- I'm sure you know, as you start to see that clustering effect that continues to make the case for other chip manufacturers. And I think the CHIPS Act will be a nice tailwind here but it makes the case for other chip manufacturers to say "Hey, I need to get into that ecosystem, because there's so much infrastructure support." ASU or Arizona State University and our state university systems continue to churn out engineers at a remarkable pace. And so that ecosystem I think will continue to help drive semiconductors in general. And then again TSMC will -- I think as they continue to build out we're going to be working to keep up with their growth and obviously work with them very closely. A little early to tell exactly what that timing looks like, with supply chain things like that but we'll continue to keep folks updated, because obviously that's likely to be our largest load, our largest customer. The other one to watch though also is the electric vehicle space. And you see clustering whether it's Nikola Motors or Lucid or other companies that are building out in the Metro Phoenix area. We see a pretty significant scaling us down at the Lucid Motors site, a couple of months ago and the size of the factory that they're working on down there is just truly impressive. And so I think as we see some of those niche areas begin to develop. We already have a pretty strong bioscience area, but we certainly like the advanced manufacturing growth that we're seeing in the service territory. And again, just because of how that's going to affect good utilization of our resources. Hopefully that was helpful.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah Shar. I mean, obviously, the challenge, which you all are seeing too is we don't know how it's going to mark-to-market at the end of the year. So you don't have a good estimate as to what that is. I think Andrew indicated there are mechanisms or strategies that we can use, but I can't say we're going to offset every headwind that that's going to create. I think that's likely to be a headwind for us in 2023. And then depending on the amortization that will be a headwind for a little while. And for us it's really back to anchoring around our Lean Sigma culture and just continuing to execute on the cost management that we can get and not to -- we're going to put it in the rate case and the averaging of the two test years. So again it's helpful that we've got this split test here. So you've got 2020-2021 and then 2021-2022 that would get averaged, which is based on how they did it in the last rate case. But we're not looking at proposing a deferral mechanism or some other regulatory mechanism for this, because there's frankly other things we want to be pursuing in the rate case. So can we offset? We're going to work to see what we can do to mitigate the impact of this headwind just like other headwinds that we see moving forward. Can I tell you we can get that all this time? I can't. I don't know exactly what that headwind is going to be but we're obviously focused on doing what we can to continue to deliver on the long-term guidance that we provided.
