Don Brandt: That I would only add that that your math is correct, but you're looking at 1 point in time and as you go past beyond 2021 more comfortable with the 6 or 7.
Don Brandt: So any equity we issue would not necessarily be for 21 CapEx, but it would be more related to the capital structure at APS. And we will need to top that off at some point this year. And if it isn't in the form of equity it would be a modest amount.
Don Brandt: So I think in terms of what we have announced to-date it's been a combination of PPA and ownership. As we move forward, we're more inclined to ownership but they are at [indiscernible] what we do as well as cost moving forward.
Don Brandt: I would say the asset impact was really prices realized and not [indiscernible] just concerned. I think what we saw was a very strong fourth quarter with 0.3% growth and we're beginning to see the economic activity in the West Valley which is what we've been talking about for a couple years begin to come to fruition. I will say meter sets which are a leading indicator exceeded budget in January for the first time in a long time.
Don Brandt: So the PPA construct would go through a procedure to get it into the PSA. What we rate base will be recovered in normal course over time.
Don Brandt: Activity for it is occurred some in 18 and will occur in '19 and '20 and '21, the infrastructure for the West Valley will be ongoing.
Don Brandt: Well, the IRP is going to certainly intersect that at some point. So it's a little hard to tell how exactly all that's going to ultimately unfold. But obviously if you file an IRP and you're having some discussion around those potential standards they're going to intersect
Don Brandt: I think what you're seeing in the West Valley is a lot of large commercial warehousing distribution data center. So you're getting a different mix of customer and that customer growth as well.
Jim Hatfield: Now, not a requirement Julian, but, yes, it's the rate audit right now is scheduled to go through May 3rd.
Jim Hatfield: There's no reason to think they're going to wait for that. They are separate right, but one of things they're looking at is whether there was over running in 2018. And we tell that once the commissioners have the information in their hand they'll make an informed decision.
Jim Hatfield: I think there's certainly you saw in Nevada there was a push there. There's still discussions that I think occur around the country periodically. It has been a topic in Arizona kind of hoping on for a while. We continue to see that the challenges as Don mentioned in his comments the legal framework here in Arizona's is constitutionally grounded. And so that makes it more challenging to implement something here. But again the conversations in terms of what are customers realizing in other states what are the challenges being confronted in other states. Those are all good conversations to have and we will share our viewpoints on that okay.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, Charles. This is Daniel Froetscher. Yes, that is a facility to be used for predominantly our transmission and distribution teams. It's located in the West Valley, sits on about an 88 acre parcel, is a multi-year build that will total roughly $85 million to $90 million.
Daniel Froetscher: Michael, this is Daniel Froetscher. I wouldn't correlate necessarily our preliminary IRP which is due a little later this year to 2021 and beyond. We obviously haven't forecasted our CapEx beyond 2021. I think the IRP will foundationally serve as a forward look shaping mechanism relative to our resource requirements and our desired resource choices for additional capacity in energy.
Daniel Froetscher: Paul. This is Daniel. I would simply say that coming off of our 2018 request for proposals we were pleasantly surprised by the cost competitiveness of batteries in general. Obviously have made some decisions then that as an alternative to gas as a peaking capacity for the late afternoon early evening ramp that we experienced from a system standpoint at battery storage, charged by day time solar generation for 3to 4 hour ramp windows in that late afternoon early evening timeframe is a viable solution for our customers and our system.
Paul Patterson: Was wondering with this increase in retail sales -- and I apology if I've missed this. When's the next time you guys expect to go into a four week.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And by viable, I mean without the environmental benefits and what have you would you say it, it's would you say it's higher than what we'd see if you -- if you had a gas plant sort of thing working with solar or I mean is there any you follow what I'm saying. I'm just trying to get sort of picture as to how that what that kind of means if you follow me.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. Impressive. And then, just finally back on the question about customer sales which really seemed to your forecast has really bumped out without customer growth really changing. Is that the size of the customer that we mentioned economic growth could just elaborate just a little bit further on that in terms of what exactly how that actually uses. Is that just because there are larger customers that are coming onboard or that the customers that you have are going to be using a lot more electricity just sort of how should we think about that.
