Don Brandt: Well, for customer growth we’re looking 1.5% to 2.5% for ‘15 with 1.4% fourth quarter of this year. Weather-normalized sales sort of flat to 1% range. I think it’s important in the fourth quarter of 2013 we had, I think a negative 2% sales growth and I would not look at the quarter in and of itself. I would really look over the course of the year where we really had sort of flat sales and 1.4% customer growth. 
Don Brandt: While we have 300 million of debt maturing earlier this year -- later this year which we'll refinance. We also have maturities in 2016 and then our big maturity is on 2019. So we’ll look at all factors when we look at that in today’s interest rate environment. We chose January to take advantage the short end of the curve due to demand but we still have historically low interest rates across the board and see that those refinancing got really an opportunity to incrementally provide some interest savings.
Don Brandt: All right, well, thanks everyone. I mean as you look at the 10-K and then materials please give us a call if you have any questions and we'll talk with you soon. Thank you.
Jeffrey Guldner: Michael, this is Jeff Guldner. So I think those discussions are moving forward at a normal pace and so what you’re seeing right now is comments from the parties here in Arizona, obviously folks are also paying attention on what’s happening on the national scene and there's a lot of discussions that are happening nationally and we're engaged in both of those. So we're engaged at a state level. We're also participating in the national debate.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I think what you'll see -- so you've got two new commissioners that have just taken their seats and so I think you'll see the discussions continue to accelerate here in the next few months.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, it's a state wide issue. So remember there's going to be a discussion on this, what it means from a state perspective, how the implementation happens as part of that discussion. And so we've got a mechanism right now that is the LFCR DG adjuster. That's a component or that's one method of addressing really the cost shift issue, but structurally how do you the rate design changes. We know a lot of that's going to happen in a rate case.
Jeffrey Guldner: So, there is no time clock on the discussion. So the discussion -- I can't tell you when the discussion is going to -- how it's going to specifically unfold, but from a process standpoint, some rate design changes are going to have to happen in a rate case. It's helpful to have the discussion of what that process should look like and what some of the issues are ahead of the rate case filing.
