James R. Hatfield: That's a great question, Michael. We haven't really looked at it in terms of rate base growth. We know we're going to have to add over 3 gigawatts of gas in addition to additional renewable. So, our rate base outlook would have Commissioner Tobin's 80% by 2050 incremental to what we currently have today. So that would be positive. But [it'd keep Palo] [ph] running as well, which is the largest source of clean energy in the U.S.
James R. Hatfield: Probably. We're getting toward the end of the installations of the applications from the September 1 grandfather deadline. You have to remember that once the deadline passed, some of the national sellers pulled away from Arizona, so the installations are slower than they had been in the past, but we should see that in the second half of the year.
James R. Hatfield: We are still looking at that. As I've said, our desire would be pushing out a year, so we file in 2020, and the rate is effective 2021. So, we'll make a decision on that as we get through the next month or so. We are really looking at sales patterns based on the rate design and migration to new rates and we need to make sure we understand that profile.
James R. Hatfield: You had grandfathering of the net metering September 1. We saw applications skyrocket June, July, August, as they were pulling things forward. All of those installations are now being installed and we believe the backlog is through us now, and so we'll see less of an impact as we move forward as we continue to add residential customers.
James R. Hatfield: I mean, those are two impacts to the financials in isolation. There is much other impacts as well. We'll come out with 2019 guidance later this year.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Julien, so right now the signature review is in its normal process though the Secretary of State sent it to the counties. The county is doing their review. The lawsuit that was filed in superior court is proceeding kind of parallel with that. There has been motion practice, some motion practice out there. It's under a special procedure for elections cases, and so that involves expedited appeals from the superior court to the Supreme Court, including on issues that are decided before the actual trial begins. There is a pre-hearing, pre-trial conference on August 17th and then the trial would begin on August 20th, will likely go through that week and the judge would likely come out with a ruling pretty quickly after that, would expect that to then go through some expedited appeals to the Supreme Court, and all that is likely to be wrapped up by the end of the month. And that's when the secretary would normally certify.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: This is Jeff. So, that would have to be addressed at the Commission. So, there is various ways. We've had stranded cost issues before. And so, those would be addressed at the Commission at the time.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: There was a statute that was passed to address what you would do in a compliance situation of a statute amendment like the Steyer initiative. That's out there as something that the Commission would probably consider moving forward, but that's also likely to get challenged.
Donald E. Brandt: Julien, I wouldn't characterize them as competing proposals. There are two different aspects. One is a constitutional amendment. The other is a plan or program that the Arizona Commission could implement and monitor and adjust accordingly on a year-by-year whatever frequency they wanted to do as opposed to a constitutional amendment that would lock something into the Arizona Constitution forevermore.
Donald E. Brandt: Again, right now we are focused on observing what's happening in the courts with the litigation on the signatures that have been filed.
Donald E. Brandt: We are not to that point yet. We are, as I said earlier, we are observing the pending litigation in the Arizona courts. So the question is whether it gets on the ballot or not. We'll kind of take it one step at a time.
Donald E. Brandt: Again, I'll use Jim's words, in isolation that's correct, but it's still – there are so many variables to this situation. Until there is clarity around the results of this litigation, it's really hard to start predicting things that far out.
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, exactly. We have a strategy. It's tied up in the courts right now and we are watching that very closely and we'll respond when the time comes.
