Jeffrey Guldner: Insoo, we've got a current IRP moving forward right now that I think we'll probably just continue. And we may be able to see some benefits ultimately in that, but that's largely going to be focused, given where we are on probably PPAs. So I think the real benefit to this, and this is kind of the key that I was trying to emphasize in the commentary, is that if we can use the react, that renewable energy adjustor to pass through the tax benefit concurrently with the investment, it really unlocks value for customers, which has been RFPs when we're pursuing those.  We can pursue the most advantageous long-term investments for our customers and be able to better mix the owned versus PPA assets. Again, I think the benefit of being able to flow those tax credits and the other incentives through an adjustment mechanism means you're not waiting multiple years to rate cases before you can get that benefit to customers. At the same time, you're smoothing out the rate impact. So it's really the combination of the smoother capital recovery, but also gradualism on the rate impact, the ability to reflect the tax credit benefits immediately and then to increase some of the ownership benefits, which is going to provide long-term benefits to customers.  So the details of things like the nuclear PTC and other things are still getting worked out in the regulations. But I think we do see some significant benefits. And obviously, it can be in other things like EV charging infrastructure and things like that.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. And Insoo, it's really [indiscernible] as we get that procedural guidance [indiscernible] and see what we can do. And we'll be able to update everybody on Q4 as well as with drivers.
Jeffrey Guldner: And Dariusz, one other -- I mean, so remember that the proposal for the infrastructure tracker in the last case was broader. So this is really targeting clean energy investments, which is why it's tied to the renewable energy adjustment mechanism. So again, these are different. We've seen carrying costs come through to react before. So it's not a new concept.
Jeffrey Guldner: No, I think that's a great point. I mean 2 things we try to make clear in the testimony is, one, given the growth we're experiencing, there is significant capital that we need to raise up of the growth. And we are very concerned on our ability to do that given the unprecedented low current ROE. Second, we're on negative watch by credit agencies and this rate case and how the commission views a competitive and prudent return on equity is under careful consideration. And so to the extent that you end up getting further downgraded, that ultimately increases costs for customers.  So there's an opportunity to actually preserve our access to capital and mitigate future interest expense as we raise capital to keep up with customer growth, which is all part of why we believe the 10.25% is a more appropriate ROE than the current level.
Jeffrey Guldner: And Sophie, your point on [indiscernible] important change here really on addressing that would be the -- using the renewable energy adjustment mechanism to both flow back the tax credits to customers, but then also to get more [indiscernible] investment. And that's what could help keep [indiscernible] from having to file rate cases more rapidly. That's really the most important thing because you have regulatory lag [indiscernible] recent rate case. So that will be an important adjustor to be looking at to see if that can help us with more concurrent recovery and then hopefully, again, to push out rate case filings.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, Sophie, we're in a historical test year environment. And so the timing of this rate case was able to pick up the first half of expenses in 2022. But ultimately, that's something that we rely more on our Lean Sigma and internal cost discipline to continue to manage through those challenges because that you can't go really in a forward test year and say, let's go propose pro formas and things like that for adjustments. So I think that's the nature of the jurisdiction that we're in, but we manage that. It does help drive discipline on the cost management side.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, David, it's a tough one in Arizona, particularly when you've got an election like this where I think most -- a lot of the polling is showing pretty close margins in different races. Arizona, you do see things in Arizona where people will tend to move around the ballot. And so we've had cases before where we've elected a Democratic governor but had Republicans in kind of both the Senate seats. And I think your point is probably the most relevant for the Corporation Commission elections is there's not a lot of polling that's done down at that level.  And so our strategy is always to work with all of the potential candidates to make sure we've met with them, to make sure that we're informing them on kind of our plans and how we see the world because at the end of the day, you've got to work with whoever gets elected.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Insoo, it's Andrew. Consistent with our practice in other rate cases, our plan right now is to not provide guidance while we're pending the rate case, though, we certainly evaluate both our current year and future year guidance as we go through the year. I think one of the big things that will influence that decision will be taking a look at the procedural schedule in the case and making a determination at that point about whether we're able to provide guidance to '23.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Jamieson, it's Andrew. We look at the -- both the 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth rate range as well as the rate case application. Both of those look at -- we look at holistically. The 5% to 7% has reasonable regulatory recovery through kind of the whole package of the rate case built into it. It also has our sales growth forecast and our O&M management built into it as well. So there's a lot of components in there, and it's really hard to parse those out, either from regulatory recovery perspective or the components of that 5% to 7%, which we are, as you said, reiterating on this quarter.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Jamieson, thanks for the question. Our pension remains very well funded. And we, like others, continue to watch the market and have seen in the market experience losses across most asset classes this year. Ultimately, from a rate recovery perspective, we are in a split test year at June 30. And what's known today is the pension expense from year-end 2021. When we get to the end of the year and we mark our assets to market and we know whether there are losses that need to be amortized, which just as a reminder, we used the quarter test and evaluate materiality of those losses and those are then amortized over the average service life of our plan, which tends to be in the 10- to 12-year range, depending on the plan.  At that point, we'll be able to have a full sense for what the pension expense is going into 2023. And if the last rate case is a baseline example, we were also a split test year and proposed at that point when we have that information an averaging of the 2 years, which, to your question, effectively blends in 0.5 years of the 2020 impact. When we get to the end of the year, we'll make a determination on regulatory strategy, but that last rate case is an example of how we handled it in a split test year.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. And Sophie, it's really a similar concept on the borrowing cost side. We have a strong balance sheet. We're able to be flexible because of the liquidity we have to opportunistically issue debt at times that the market is relatively favorable. We're certainly in a increasing interest rate environment. Again, there, you have the historical test here. And when we look at the rate case, if we look at the WACC, and so that's a combination of a number of factors, not just interest expense, but the ROE and the cap structure.  So that's an important piece of this as well. But as far as forward-looking interest expense, we're fortunate to have no maturities until the middle of 2024 and a lot of floating rate debt. So it's really just a question of opportunistically raising debt at appropriate times to support the CapEx investments that we have to make, and we've disclosed what our expectation is around those debt needs over the next 2 years.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, David. Yes. So as I mentioned, you captured the key factors. We also had, as Jeff talked about, some historic storms in there. So there's a lot of factors driving O&M this year. And the way we think about it and that move in our guidance range up to that $880 million to $895 million is when we think about the average we're taking to mitigate some of that cost inflation, you compare actual 2021 O&M to the new '22 guidance range in that midpoint, you're talking about just over 2.5% increase year-over-year.  So our cost mitigation efforts as at the same time as you alluded to, we pulled forward some spending derisk on future year O&M, kind of creates quite a few puts and takes in that number. So we're really focused because of the growth in the service territory and where we have to spend there is continuing to monitor O&M on a per kilowatt hour basis and making sure that we're remaining efficient. And I think that will be a good measure. If O&M sustains at these levels or increases because we are serving a larger service territory, that we remain efficient about that spend.  It's really hard to parse out the different pieces because we're responding to a lot of factors. The market, both a local service territory, where inflation is high, but also in the national market where we compete to buy some of our products and services. So seeing a lot of factors at play. The increased range is sort of a combination of all those factors, net of the mitigation efforts that we've taken this year, which we think have been pretty successful in blunting the impact of that higher O&M.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, David, that CapEx level is really the baseline of where we are today. And what it takes into account is that we're signing quite a few PPAs to respond to the reliability need and the customer growth. And so our CapEx increment -- if you think about our CapEx plus the PPAs we're signing, it would become a pretty materially larger number. We're fortunate to have the PSA mechanism as a way to recover some of those PPA costs as we work through this rate case and a path to more predictable regulatory recovery.  But the numbers that are in there are kind of reflective of the current baseline. And we'll continue to evaluate the capital plan. You'll see the results of RFPs, and that will allow us, even while we're in the rate case, to adjust our CapEx forecast going forward. But the rate case outcome will ultimately be the best indicator for us to take a look at that balanced PPAs and self-build assets and what that means for the generation CapEx going forward.
Theodore Geisler: Dariusz, it's Ted Geisler here. Happy to address that. We think there are several reasons why this really has an opportunity to create value for our customers. So it's more of an affordability opportunity for customers now than ever before. And that is a big difference between this proposal and the last rate case. A couple of reasons, and Jeff alluded to these, one with IRA and now being able to pass through production tax credits to customers, this mechanism, and using the existing renewable energy mechanism, really provides an avenue for us to be able to pass on that savings to customers without being able to include those carrying costs for capital investments.  There's no way to then pass on those clean credits. And given that we operate in Arizona with some of the best solar radiants on the globe, we expect more production tax credits to be passed on to customers and just about any other area that you can install solar. So a big benefit there and certainly, those production tax credits didn't exist when we proposed the last mechanism. And then the other item that's noteworthy is we continue to operate competitive all-source RFPs. And through those RFPs, we see the proposed projects and are able to identify that ownership opportunities provide tremendous value for customers in addition to balancing that with continued long-term PPAs.  And so providing a mechanism allows us to continuously operate a competitive procurement process and ensure that we're always taking the best value projects for customers and passing those on in a timely manner along with the tax credits.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Jamieson, this is Ted. I'll just add, too, the proposed ROE has nothing to do with what would be required to achieve some earnings range. It's all based on the expert testimony of Dr. and the factors that he concluded through the various models that are run and introduced in the testimony. And so it's really based on his evidence that is defining and defending the 10.25% request.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Sophie, Ted here. Really, the intent is to try to be responsive to the feedback we've gotten from commission and stakeholders and simplify the adjustors. So when you think about the 7 we have now eliminating the environmental adjustor in LFCR, sweeping current balances and base rates, that's a way to simplify that, have less adjustments throughout the year. The DSM adjustor largely remains similar to what it has been, although has to recover some of the fixed cost currently in the LFCR, but that will be combined with other elements of the existing DSM mechanism.  The renewable energy mechanism remains larger than it is today other than expanding it to include, of course, the carrying costs of new clean investments going forward. As Jeff said, PSA, TCA remain the same. And then TEAM is focused on income tax adjustments. So as a result, it can remain an asset for the time being. So it's a good opportunity for us to be able to simplify the bill, simplify adjustments throughout the year for our customers, [indiscernible] and then really just focus on the base rate changes going forward.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Paul, this is Ted. I appreciate the question. TEAM was really established in early to focus on adjustments and income tax levels. So largely to pass on federal tax reform focused on income tax changes, whereas the production tax credit opportunity that we have in front of us for future solar investments as a result of IRA. That is intended to be constant, ongoing and tied to the production levels of solar that is procured and ultimately, we would propose recovered through that react adjustor. So as you recover costs for the new solar facilities, the intent would be you offset those costs in part by passing back the production tax credits from those same facilities through the same mechanism. And we believe that to be materially different than what TEAM was originally set up for, which is limited to income tax adjustments.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. We certainly would expect it to improve inventory lag for our ability to continue to finance these investments. And ultimately, that benefits the company and customers, both in terms of rate gradualism, but also likely could extend out or delay what otherwise would need to be a rate case to recover those costs.
