Jim Hatfield: Yeah, Greg, I think – this is Jim – and I think the right way to look at decoupling is the tradeoff for consumers at the high energy efficiency standards in Arizona. If you think about the decoupling mechanism that we had advocated as have most of the people in the open meetings, it’s a mechanism called fixed revenue per customer. And the benefit for us is, as we continue to grow customer, we will continue to get incremental recovery of costs associated with not only the energy efficiency, but the additional customer growth on the system. So from our perspective, it doesn’t really mean a tradeoff between traditional regulation and decoupling. It’s really additive to the traditional regulation.
Jim Hatfield: No, in fact I think you hit it on the head Kevin. I think the commissioners believe, and most of the stakeholders believe that to take away the disincentive, i.e., the inability of utilities to achieve the high standard we have, decoupling is a necessary mechanism to facilitate that happening.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. You know, we’re recovering through the RAS, and we have filed the RAS and expect to get an order consistent with that before the end of the year, so we do think that gives us the visibility needed to speak about the contribution.Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey: Understood. Thank you.
Jim Hatfield: No, I think Ted that we’re still in the budget process here and you know, when we come out with it, I think we want the most certainty we have and so we’re not quite there yet. we’ll do it at our fourth quarter call, and we’ve done it either third or fourth quarter historically, I’ve been told, so I think we’re still on track with normal practice.Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Fair enough. And then I guess, the second question I had was relating to the discussions about 2010 guidance in the press release. There’s some bullet points that walk through what the changes to your gross margin and operating expenses were relative to the second quarter, and it looks like your gross margins are now coming down. The range came down zero to $30 million and the operating expenses actually went up $20 to $30 million, offset by interest expense being about $10 million lower. That gets me you know, a $30 million pretax reduction, which seems, is there something that’s not in those numbers, because it seems like you reiterated your range, but that $30 million seems like a pretty big piece of the range.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I would say this about the guidance ranges. Gross margin we just really tightened the range after nine months of actual at this point. The operating expenses we did get an increase – a significant increase in property tax in the third quarter, we reflected that in total operating expenses. I wouldn’t look at it as kind of cutting it down the middle. We create these ranges, our goal post as a way to communicate possible ups and downs, but it’s not linear through the ranges.Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. So we shouldn’t just add up the middle and then say that’s up $0.15 and that’s – it could be any portions of the pluses and minuses.
Jim Hatfield: Well they have a budget too so.Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Yes. Okay thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Jim Hatfield: Well again, thank you for taking the time today and we’ll see you next week. Becky if you have anything to add.
Don Brandt: Greg, it’s been important from our perspective in pursuing decoupling that we didn’t trade away of the intrinsic value of this company, and that’s the long term growth profile.
Don Brandt: No it has not. That’ll be up to the commission to elect a Chairman.Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then secondly, you suggested there would be opportunities to exceed the guidance range in 2011. Can you just kind of give us some color as to what opportunities there would be? Other than the Sun project or I’m assuming that’s in there already.
Don Brandt: Yes. We assumed a contribution at some level of Arizona Sun. I think you have higher hookup fees, you have upside potential or downside I guess as well from just customer growth. We also have a higher – we have the pension deferral next year as well, which kicks in as part of the settlement, and then we’re going to do our best to continue to hold expenses relatively flat.Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much. See you next week.
