Donald Brandt: Our expectations at this point is to sit down, and we and the rest of the utility industry in Arizona, and have good faith discussions with representatives of the solar leasing industry and see where that takes us.
Donald Brandt: Now, we've got a plan. Our plan in the rate case filing continues to be around making changes to the residential rate design and moving to the three part rate structure. And that's what s you'll see proposed in our case. Now, what the commission does with that and how they overlay some of these other dockets, that's something that something will be discussed. But that's the change here in Arizona, as a lot of the focus has moved into the rate design portion of these rate cases. And in the past, it's been much more around the revenue requirement side. So we're seeing a lot of interest and a lot of desire to talk about rate design. And these other dockets are helping to feed into that discussion.
Donald Brandt: I think the best way to respond to that is we're focused on running an exceptional utility in one of the fastest growing territories in the Untied States.
Donald Brandt: Yes, so one would be at deferral mechanisms, so deferral mechanisms around SCRs isn't a step for Ocotillo.
Donald Brandt: So the hearings go through next week, May 5, and then we would expect the ALJ to have a recommended order out July timeframe. And then we expect the commissioners to hear an open meeting sometimes after that.
Donald Brandt: So I think you need to separate TransCanyon from EIM. They're separate decisions. And EIM is not to solve resource adequacy capacity. It's really a more of a real-time intermittency type mechanism, so no connection between the two.
Donald Brandt: I think your analysis is correct, Greg. And we take a good hard look at it, usually in the fall of each year, as you know, and discuss it with our Board and take what we think are the appropriate long-term actions at that point in time.
Jeffrey Guldner: The UNS case is moving into settlement discussion, so they're through hearing. And so I expect that's going to just continue on the path that it's on. And then our case is teed up to file on June 1, so right now there is a bunch of different paths that are moving and we'll just have to see how they intersect.
Jeffrey Guldner: So the scope is sit down and look at -- certainly there have been some things that have happened elsewhere and look at what we can talk about in Arizona. And so it needs to have an Arizona focus. We're different than other parts of the country, but we certainly are open to sitting down and having good faith discussions with folks on the rooftop solar side.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, and also there are different things with framers, but New York is obviously at different situation. And those talks were broader and also involved some community solar aspects. And so I think the important thing is understanding Arizona has got a different setting, if you will, but still there is certainly room for discussions.
Jeffrey Guldner: So we're working on schedule the discussions right now, but how they intersect, it's too early to say.
Jeffrey Guldner: No. The PG&E partnership, we believe at TransCanyon will give us more opportunity sets if you will. I think the scope of TransCanyon has not changed. It's still focused in the WECC region. And we'll continue to be active where we can on earth for transmission project.
Jeffrey Guldner: So the value and cost of solar docket, which is a generic docket is moving through hearings right now. And then that will go into briefings and provide the commission with information, but it's another separate track. And so the challenge right now -- and so there multiple separate tracks that are moving forward and we don't know how those are going to intersect. And so if the value and cost of solar docket results in findings and conclusions, then presumably those get factored into rate cases and other things. It's unclear where that's going right now. It's still in hearing.
Jeffrey Guldner: Let me just talk on the rate case side and then Jim can follow-up on a second part of your question. So similar to Four Corners, we're looking at a combination of -- we're asking in this case for the commission to consider combination and mechanism that would go and replace after the case has concluded, one of them would be a step increase. So if the case was concluded and rates went into effect in mid-2017 that would be the outcome of just the rate case result, and then a step increase later would be factored into that. And so that's similar. If you want to go look at what happened in the Four Corners decision in our last rate case, and it just reflects the fact that the timing of some of these plan additions occurred after they are too far out. And if we don't address it with some kind of a step mechanism, then you come right back in on another rate case pretty quickly. Jim can talk about the -- 
Jeffrey Guldner: So we started in 2012, we reached out and said, let's have a dialogue on how we address net metering and moved to a more sustainable model for the rooftop solar compensation in Arizona. And as I think you know that was met with a very aggressive political campaign that has continued to date. And what happened earlier this month is a value proposition was launched by SolarCity that would put in the constitution very detailed provisions around net metering, interconnection rules, and things like that that prompted I think a response by the Arizona Legislature that was proposing and hearing two separate ballot propositions; one, around the resolution in net metering issues. And the second one that would have ensured that solar rooftop companies were treated as public service corporation. That obviously escalated everything up to where we had three ballot propositions that were on a constitution. And we think it's probably more constructive to have dialog without ballot proposition hanging over everyone.
Jeffrey Guldner: I misspoke earlier. I think I transposed them. The step is for the SCRs. The deferral is for Ocotillo. Either way, Greg, we're good with that so.
James Hatfield: No. As we said on the fourth quarter call, the headwind would be $0.13 in the first quarter and it was. I think Four Corners 5 is online now, and so we're having a little bleed into the second quarter, but certainly the majority of the impact is first quarter driven.
James Hatfield: Yes. So Michael, we haven't really disclosed individually transmission LFCR, other than to say that those two together are large part of the gross margin increase. But keep in mind one thing about transmission. Last year we have the one-time decrease at transmission revenues reflecting our filing, so we don't expect to have that this year.
James Hatfield: Yes, again, got north of 100,000 customers right now on three part residential rate design that has the demand and energy and fixed component, and so that's I think where the largest utility or line of customer base with the demand rates today in the U.S.
James Hatfield: Actually, no, we've had demand rates well before we've had smart meters. The smart meters provide some additional accessory functionality for customers. And so you can do more things with them and get more information, but we were doing demand rates before we had AMI meters.
James Hatfield: So the generic docket would occur before the decision in our rate case, it's more of a challenge for the UNS given the timing of their rate case.
James Hatfield: Greg, that's absolutely correct. I mean, we model this in our model that we've given to the agencies. As Don alluded to on the fourth quarter call, we have one of the best balance sheets in the industry. So we can really carry those from a cash perspective without recovery, until we get in the rate base.
