Jeff Guldner: Michael, it's Jeff. So the -- as you know, we've got a recommended opinion and order out on that. It went through a hearing process. It has not moved to the commission yet, and I think given the timing of the upcoming rate case, there's three potential as you could see. It could go before the case gets filed. It could be decided some time while the case was pending, or it could end up just being consolidated with that rate case, and then both the rate case and that decision being voted out, but we don't have clarity as to which of those passes on.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, it is paid, it normally takes about six months to put a case together, but we just had to accelerate the work that we're doing on it. So it's in process of being prepared right now, and we'll hit the target.
Jeff Guldner: Greg, it's Jeff. This was discussed at the commission staff meeting yesterday and I think what not surprisingly what they're looking for is more information on what the potential impacts are, what the technical issues would be, all the analysis that you would need to make a decision on whether it's appropriate to move forward. I think it is clear on that that they're going to have another workshop on it and they're working on getting additional questions and whether that next workshop will provide enough information. As you know this is a really complicated issue to work through particularly in the situation that we're in without being already in an RTO or an ISO. And so I think watching for that workshop probably in October will be the next milestone. And then how it progresses from there is hard to see right now.
Jeff Guldner: So last process actually took multiple years and it started kind of similar to how the California, the California Blue Book process started as they'd broken into a number of different working groups, so a legal working group, technical working group and again that was before you had retail competition in a lot of states. But it took multiple years of folks working through the different issues and then it took multiple years to move forward on the implementation path that we were pursuing then, until the California energy crisis hit. And that's what put everything on hold. And then we had to unwind some of the work that had been done during that process. But I don't know that it would take as long this time given that there's been more experience in retail competition, but as if you're actually talking about standing up in RTO. There is a lot of issues that you have to work through particularly how it would interface with California and what impact it would have since we're participating in the energy imbalance market and crediting customers with hospice and sales revenues that we get from that. If you stop doing that, because you stand your own RTO up, that's going to affect all customers. And so they've got to work through a lot of these technical issues, I think to come to the conclusion of whether to move into a formal rulemaking or how that formal rulemaking would develop.
Jeff Guldner: Insoo, this is Jeff. Just to clarify if the gas moratorium is extended. And if you look at the language of it, what it requires, is that if we needed to construct, so I just want to clarify to us that if we needed to construct that we would have to go get commission approval, essentially to do that, which I think and that's something we would do, irrespective of whether there was a moratorium in place. And it's limited to gas generation that's going to be likely discussed on September Open Meeting. But I don't think it would have any impact on capital.
Jim Hatfield: So, I would say that O&M would be towards the lower end. Thinking about R3 sort of things, we have to focus on O&M. I think sales will be within the range. We had really fairly strong residential sales in the first-half. We had a commercial customer at a one-time outage that hurt commercial sales. But I would think with pursuing the impact of data centers can depend upon the timing that they actually come on that there is a little flap there. And then I think you'll see gross margin towards the lower end just due to weather as we go forward.
Jim Hatfield: Well, Jeff, talked earlier about the path going forward. So again, we don't know that path. But assuming we get it or don't get it, we're still going to be towards the low-end of guidance, just based on the practice I talked about earlier.
Jim Hatfield: The commission's dynamic. So you always have changes when other commissioners come in and that they'll have different priorities. And so, we're kind of in the process, we try to make sure, we're open and explaining the issues and the policies we are seeing.
Jim Hatfield: It's similar. I mean, it's challenging, because when you get into rate case issues, and you get index party situations, you can't discuss pending matters. And so, depending on how busy your docket is, that affects sometimes how much interaction that you can have.
Jim Hatfield: I don't really have a view on that today. And progress is found on the right case and gain a constructive outcome, and we'll go from there.
Don Brandt: Well, I don't think there's no incremental CapEx associated with that. As we go forward, we had battery storage and we had other renewable baked in our plan. So I'll -- we'll know more when we get to the actual art piece back by that I don't see any incremental capital at this point.
Don Brandt: Yes, I would expect that in the end of the test year, June 30, that you'll see the equity layer, approximately 54.7%.
Don Brandt: Yes, they are. We're very attractive areas due to low probabilities of natural disasters and reasonable prices on energy, living conditions for their employees, very attractive for energy centers. But as we look out the window here, there's cranes all over Downtown Phoenix, And if you drive around the valley and other growth areas of the State, there is a lot of activity going on and I continue to hear from developers that labor shortages is the only thing that's holding some of it back.So we're pretty convinced there's a lot more to happen here in Arizona.
Don Brandt: Yes, Charles, we did a special contract arrangement with Microsoft, which allows them to do something that in the industry is similar to what's called a contract for differences. So it lets them go out and construct renewable energy kind of wherever and we give them a market cost price. And so it gives us flexibility to the customer to go out and achieve the energy objectives that they're looking for. And so that was a relatively unique tariff arrangement. But we're looking at, again, it's a model that we can apply to other data centers and we expect to see more data centers and we've tailored our rate designs to also be attractive to these high load factor customers. And just to underscore the benefit of this for all customers, when these customers come on because they're using a system, it increases the efficiency that we are able to use our system and it actually takes price pressure off of other customers.
Don Brandt: I do. And certainly you can read Commissioner Olson's letters and if you watch the workshops, he's certainly proponent of broad retail competition, commissioner Burns -- Chairman burns, I'm sorry, has been proponent since he has been on the bench. I think the staff's concern is, let's make sure we do understand all the consequences, all the potential impacts. And so it's not a new pressure, it certainly has more attention now. But we've worked - on the commercial side, in our last couple of rate cases and putting some creative by through provisions that allowed those customers and some customers to go out and kind of working through us go out and secure power resources for themselves, it's a limited number of megawatts that can do that because of the need if you scale that up, you've got to get an RTO in place.And so we've done it to where we can accommodate it, but there is interest in saying can you go do more? And I think you're right. I mean, this is primarily something that is of interest to the large commercial customers who see an opportunity to go out and buy on an energy-only basis.And part of what you have to talk about is how do you fairly reflect the capacity value that the incumbent utilities fleet spring to the system? And so that's where a lot of the interest is. And residential, I think they're interested in talking about it. But that's a really hard one to do and certainly hard to do Community Choice Aggregation. I think it's probably impossible to do Community Choice Aggregation without being in an RTO and having some kind of underlying mismatch going on.
