Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. It's Andrew. As you noted, we do have an equity need in the plan there, that $400 million to $500 million of equity in 2024. And that's really set up to make sure that the APS equity layer is appropriately capitalized coming out of the rate case given some of the debt that weren't for APS in the near term. Any future equity needs will really be dependent on the capital plan that we developed after the rate case concludes. As I mentioned earlier, the capital that we've added into the plan here is really dependent on load growth and serving the service territories it expands. Once we get through the rate case and think about, for example, our clean capital spend, that will be an area where as we with a constructive outcome consider a different ratio of self-build versus PPA assets. We will look at the financing plan at that point to make a determination. We'll also be looking for feedback from the rating agencies on our credit metrics at the conclusion of the rate case to figure out the right capital plan for the years beyond 2024. But as of now, the need for 2024, that $400 million to $500 million post the rate case is intact.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. So the forecast is driven by a diversified group of manufacturing, data center customers and some of the overall C&I growth that we're seeing in the service territory. It's a pretty different economic story than it's been in the past as far as the factors contributing to growth here. We're not really depending on the broader macroeconomic story as much as specifically identified customers, which include TSMC, and it's a considerable part of that. The 2% to 4% of the 3.5% to 5.5%, that is from the large customers, TSMC is a considerable part of that, but there is data center customers and other manufacturing there as well. So it's pretty diversified on that front. The 5% to 7% earnings growth rate is through 2026, and that's pretty much coterminous. The sales growth rate -- the long-term sale growth rate that we have here is through 2025, but roughly similar trends through that forecast period. As you've seen even in 2022, that sales growth is certainly helping us to mitigate the inflation and some of the O&M pressure that we're seeing. And we'll continue to work both those cost levers and keep a close eye on the macroeconomic environment and the specific customers as well as we go through the forecast period.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. So that -- you saw the upper-end of that rate base growth number come up with our update. And that's really the result. There is a much narrow range of rate base growth with the prior forecast, Shar. And you can think about it is more extended range, I don't think there is a broader range of uncertainty just with the CapEx we have in there, more of an opportunity. You've seen some of the timing move around in our capital, Jeff, was just talking about our clean spend. You've seen some of those buckets move from 2024 into 2025 with the addition of the 2025 forecast. So there's some timing around some of our capital investments and some of the decisions we need to make. But that's really been, the main thing is the increase in the range, driven by the higher CapEx forecast.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, I'm sure you remember too, that there may be a further appeal, so the Court of Appeals if they issue a ruling, it's -- it goes in our favor. I can see the Sierra Club, taken that up and seeking Supreme Court review. So that could add some additional time on. But ultimately, as Andrew said, it's going to-end up back at the commission.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Anthony, it's Andrew. As I mentioned, we're going to look at all of the options, including around regulatory recovery. Our priority in the rate case is a constructive outcome. And we'll look at pension when we go into remodel strategy and one of the various levers that we need to think about in what a constructive outcome looks like, but it's not the only lever and it's not the only cost that we've got to deal with. So there is certainly precedent where there is a split test year to look at on pension expense from what is now a historical period. And that's something that we'll consider as one of our options. In the last rate case, we average the two years surrounding split test year but regulatory recovery remains one path that we continue to look at. But then of course, any other levers we have around our other costs, O&M, interest expense, all those things that we can do there to make sure that we meet our forecast. That's really the focus. As I said earlier, we're committed to the pension strategy. You know 2022, all asset classes for the most part, face losses and discount rates went precipitously. So we're just --we're living with the reality of that, mitigating it as best we can.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Anderw, we do get recovery on the cost and the results year-over-year impacted by those costs kind of coming into our income statement without offsetting revenues. So what you really see, if there were a positive outcome would be the recovery on the investment in there alongside the cost.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Nick. So the agencies will calculate, I don't think I'll put out how they view the FFO-to-debt number at year end. The 16% to 18% is sized around where the agencies would like us to be today. You saw both Moody's and Fitch this month reaffirm their current outlook, the current ratings as well as the negative outlook. And you could take a look at their positions, but ultimately absent some exogenous factor, they're really looking to see the rate case outcome to make determination about the ratings and any future changes they make to the downgrade thresholds. We're committed to that 16% to 18%, that's what keeps us in our -- the your last part of your question, that's what keeps us in our current category. You've got Moody's with 18% threshold right now and S&P with a 17% to keep us at our current rating and return to stable 13% for a downgrade, that they are one-notch lower right now. And then so, we use that 16% to 18% target to keep to the current ratings. We'll have to see, as I said, after the rate case of the rating agencies readjusted at all what the targets are for downgrade.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. And Shar, I wouldn't say we've under-invested in the system, I mean, as you know, we've been keeping up with what we need to invest in for load growth where the opportunity is around the generation side and where there are opportunities particularly now with the tax credit framework that the IRA has set-up. There are opportunities for us to do more optimized mix the self-build. Obviously, it wouldn't be 100% utility owned, but we're doing probably what in the 25% range of utility on where a more rational, I think if we could do it, would be in the 50% range so that we're actually being able to maximize the benefit of those tax credits for customers. So a lot of this opportunity is really going to depend on how the rate case outcome goes. We've got the clean tracker proposal that would take our renewable energy adjustment charge and allow us to again flow through some of those clean investments. And if we can do that, then we get to a more optimized mix of utility-owned versus PPA, solar and storage, primarily is what I think you would expect to see. But a lot of what you're seeing is just the investments that we have to make for load growth. And so I think you're getting at is that there is an ability to further optimize that after the rate case and looking at that mix of generation. But we're going to invest what we need to invest in the poles and wires and the infrastructure to serve customers.
Jeffrey Guldner: Sure. So any decision at the Court of Appeals, if it were positive decision would be remanded to the commission for further actions. There wouldn't be really anything done retroactively. All I can really give you sort of the rule of thumb. You're talking about roughly $200 million disallowance and capital structure that's in the 50-50 range, applying ROE to that, and that kind of gives you the rough EPS impact of beginning to recover on that. The timing of that would be dependent on future action of the ACC if there were a positive outcome.
Jeffrey Guldner: No. Anthony, it's more -- I think it's a little more than that. I mean, it really is looking certainly at clean tracker, particularly as a potential vehicle to give the tax credit. The customers in a more contemporary manner. I mean, that makes a lot of sense to us as a way to optimize the -- getting a little bit more utility owned generation in the mix. But it's going to be the overall framework that really drives what we do, right, like we'll look at the results of the case and figure out how we optimize the mix of both the PPA and then the utility-owned generation and storage resources. And so can't really flag what that looks like here, but we have opportunity, I think to get a more optimized mix for customers. Then we're seeing now and just because of the last rate case, we are not able to do utility-owned assets at the level that we think is probably optimal.
Jeffrey Guldner: I think the lower effective tax-rate has -- hasn't kind of -- there is a combination of factors in the lower overall tax rate. And you know, there is a variety of puts and takes in there around tax credits and the like.
Jeffrey Guldner: Nick, I think it was just more of an indication of the new commissioners coming in. I think, both of which had indicated that they don't like being one of the lowest if not the lowest-rated commission in the U.S. from like RA. And so this was an effort to begin to talk about the things like forward test years and other things that you typically see discussed in other jurisdictions. So it's a little early to see exactly what will come from it. I think again the tone is good because it's an indication. There is benefit to customers from having a good performing utility and I think we saw that come out loud and clear after the last rate case outcome. And I think that's a recognition of let's talk about in a public stakeholder driven way what some of those mechanisms are. So I think that's a positive sign, but it's pretty early in the process right now.
