Donald E. Brandt: Thank you, Paul, and thank you for joining us today. This is a very special conference call for us. It's Becky Hickman sitting at my side here, and this is her last call that she'll sit at my side in her long career here at Pinnacle and APS. And I've enjoyed working with Becky for 10.5 years. She's been here a lot longer than that, and she'll be retiring in just a few weeks. And Becky, I know I speak on behalf of the dozens of people on this call. The APS team and myself personally thank you very much for all your contributions to our company, our shareholders and the State of Arizona. You've been a good partner, and I'm proud to call you a friend.
Donald E. Brandt: No, Greg. I'm very confident, as Jim alluded to, in talking about the changes in O&M. We're making some investments that we're confident are going to pay dividends in cost savings in the years ahead and other aspects of our cost-containment program are going to provide benefits down the road. So I'm very comfortable where we're at in our future.
Donald E. Brandt: Sure, Kevin. Let me first start with your last part of the question. I am very confident that the Corporation Commission is going to act in the best interest of all our customers and to do that action on a timely basis. Where I sit now, I think we could count the number of customers that are proponents of dereg, so-called deregulation, on one hand, and I'm looking at a list of 153 organizations, elected officials, chambers, numerous other business leaders, leaders of the Arizona Senate, the Arizona House of Representatives, numerous mayors, city managers and other local elected officials across the state that have come out strongly against it. I don't think the proponents of deregulation necessarily counted on the negative reaction it's received. As you know, reliability of an electric system is very important, and it's also a fundamental of all advanced economies. But in Arizona, the hottest state in America, reliable electric service is literally a life or death necessity. Regarding what happened last time around, and that was the latter half of the '90s and the first couple of years of 2000. First, I'll direct your attention to when the utilities in the state made the filings the middle of this month. APS's filing had a cover letter from me on it; as did Paul Bonavia did the same at UNS; and Mark Bonsall, who's the Chief Executive Officer of Salt River Project, he also addressed Salt River's project filing with a cover letter, and I don't know how accessible Mark's letter is. If you can't find it on their website or the commission's website, we'd be happy to provide it. Mark is the 1 of the 3 of us that was actually around here for that period of time. But let me respond to your question is, the commission at that time, before the debacle in California, was pursuing deregulation had put the rules in place. The utilities incurred many millions of dollars of cost in systems and other projects to get ready for a deregulated environment. And then you had the California energy crisis which brought that movement towards deregulation to a screeching halt. And similarly at that time, essentially the Arizona courts concluded that most of the rules and other processes that had been put in place were unconstitutional and/or illegal for a variety of different reasons. So that obstacle to deregulation still exists. But it was a very expensive endeavor for the utilities, for our customers, and there was no visible benefits that came of that exercise. And I think once the commission has a chance to review all the comments and reply comments, so that will be later in August, they'll have a good sense that there's not too many opportunities here for Arizona customers and significant risk and cost that are almost a virtual certainty. So I hope that was a long-winded answer to your question.
Donald E. Brandt: Paul, I'll add to that. Besides the activity our customer service folks are hearing from homebuilders and developers, on the commercial side of our business, there seems to be some early signs of an uptick. Just yesterday, they broke ground in the Tempe area, our service territory right at the shores of Tempe Town Lake, on a massive project for a regional headquarters for State Farm Insurance that's going to provide jobs for 10,000 to 12,000 people there. And a good part of that is State Farm consolidating some of their operations in the west. So it will have ancillary growth opportunities just coming off that single large project.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I don't know if there's necessarily a date and time, but for, frankly, for every day goes by, there's a risk to the Four Corners transaction. But as I go back to my earlier comments to Kevin's questions, I'm fairly confident that this commission's going to act in the best interest of our customers in a timely basis, and we're going to exercise our best efforts to keep the Four Corners transaction viable.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I think other than the clarity that we've talking about before, not sure there's anything else that needs to happen other than we just need clarity on what the market structure is going to be.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Ali, we've got our -- the EPA has extended the BART settlement through the end of the year. So beyond the end of the year, it introduces a whole new risk profile to the situation. Again, we go back to the point, I think this is going to get resolved long before year end.
Donald E. Brandt: Sarah, Don here. I'll add too, if you'll go to azcentral.com, the website for the Arizona Republic. This morning, U.S. Congressman Paul Gosar on the Arizona delegation wrote an op-ed in support of coal generation.
James R. Hatfield: Sure. Sure. So I think if you look at OpEx, you have a couple of factors going on. So if I look at the quarter, year-over-year, O&M was essentially flat other than the amortization of the pension and OPEB, which theoretically we got paid for in the rate settlement. And our approach to these ranges really is, we put sort of parameters around each of these and then we run a probability distribution. And I think -- so I look at O&M, where we are in cost. There's probably more downside than upside with flat O&M for the year. And then, we are making some strategic investments, especially in the IT area, to accelerate the benefit in the later years based on where we are today in our financial performance. If I look at interest expense, a couple of things there as well. You got the delay of Four Corners, but you also have the fact that we've refinanced at lower rates, and we have less debt outstanding. And as I said, we're, no short-term debt as we sit here today, so we're in a great liquidity position. So that would be the things that would drive those changes in ranges. I'd also point out, Greg, on the gross margin besides weather. If you remember, we had first quarter usage that was positive, and that also impacts our gross margin.
James R. Hatfield: No, that is in fact -- well, we can't count on weather year-to-year. Any positive weather is less equity we have to raise down the road. So that's obviously a positive long-term story as well.
James R. Hatfield: We're always continuing to improve the system for reliability. In terms of growth, we do have developers talking to us now about their next phase of development. Less real construction going on, but it's probably at 12 to 18 months out when we see sort of construction begin to pick up to support the residential housing build.
James R. Hatfield: Well, obviously, clarity on what happens in Arizona is going to be a key one for us as well. That's probably the primary driver at this point in where we are with Four Corners.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have in our -- in APS, the biggest transaction going on now is our Hassayampa into North Gila Line 2. It's about a $250 million, roughly, transmission project which we expect to be in service by April of 2015. And outside of that, we just continue to look at opportunities away from APS, and the Delaney-Colorado River project we've submitted to the Cal-ISO, and we're still waiting for resolution on that.
James R. Hatfield: No. We thought we'd have resolution on September, but resolution now is a little more murkier in terms of when we'll get some sort of a yes or no on that.
James R. Hatfield: No, not really. I think the difference between the 2 quarters relates to, again, customer mix and usage patterns. We saw an increase in residential sales, but a reduction in commercial sales. And so there was a de minimis impact on gross margin growth in the second quarter.
James R. Hatfield: We can't file until May 31, 2015. I would say that the timing would be sometime in early '15, whether we want to file May 31 or we want to wait.
James R. Hatfield: It's just based on looking at where we are and what we have ahead of us in the second half of the year. As you know, the third quarter is our big quarter in terms of earnings. Just putting a probability distribution around that, when you do that, it comes up to $0.10. So I wouldn't necessarily say that because weather is $0.14 and the range is $0.10 that there's a negative looming in the second half.
James R. Hatfield: I would think you would look at the O&M growth to be equal to or less than the rate of growth of kWh sales.
James R. Hatfield: Neil, my response to that would be, we're very well versed on the forward, but as I sit here today, and I have no short-term debt and a very healthy equity mix, I'm not really thinking about equity at the moment.
James R. Hatfield: I would say there is -- we're not like the other states moving away from coal. In fact, we have one commissioner who stressed that she'd like to see coal as part of the generation mix. So I think at this point, you have Navajo, which is really a big part of the water system in Arizona. And a high desire, obviously to the impacts of water rates for that to stay open as well. So I would say, the state is -- likes our mix of nuclear and coal and gas and that generation diversity is a positive.
James R. Hatfield: It's going to take time to ink documents. Probably within 30 days certainly. I mean, I think everything is ready to go.
James R. Hatfield: 30 or less. I mean, you always, in these transactions, just need to check everything. So fairly quickly.
