Don Brandt: Sure. I had this, some of Jim's team do a little research and I personally called a few the CEO as I know got a perspective and I've got of several pages of note. So, I'm can't read them all, but let me hit couple of high points, so, it's virtually all were bullish on the Phoenix area, as you say those price there, their job to be bullish, but some of the observations. One they still see the labor markets being constrained. And that's a negative, but it's sort of a temporary to 6 month to 15 month phenomena, most of them cited 12 consecutive quarters of job increases and lower unemployment rates, personal income growth, a high jobs to permit, in building permit ratio and favorable long-term outlook with respectable population and job growth. Statistic that surprised me, but actually when we dug into it, it was validated by what we are seeing with their contacts to our folks that they reach out those 12 to 18 months, before they actually break ground to get the electric set up. But over the last 12 months, the number of builder communities in the area and they range in different size, but in absolute number, they have increased from 300 to 400. So, we have seen a 33% increase in the number of communities. Also, one specifically, I heard this reaction from several is they are not going to give these homes away, they see these ball ways of demand coming. And the one pointed to me that his to be that his average sale price increased 35% in the last 12 months, such as some of the commentary we saw. Also is the there is tremendous increase in multi-family construction and builder see that as where potential buyers are staging themselves now and they still talk about the amount of traffic at their display homes up substantially but the sales are not tracking the demand there and they attribute much of that to consumer confidence and concerns over job security. So hope that helps Dan.
Don Brandt: Well, it hasn't. we did the couple of years ago of pilot project that the commissions proved up in flags that community power project. And we have learned a lot from that experience. And in this case, when we're doing rooftop solar first there is no cost ship from let's say lower creditworthy the customers, the higher creditworthy customers as there is under the current, I will call it the lease structure that some solar companies are using, because credit score is not an issue, it's basically structurally sound roof and customers is good to go. There is no upfront investment. We handle the maintenance. We will use reputable Arizona based installer. So it's jobs in Arizona and the customers are guaranteed $30 a month bill credit for 20 years from a company that’s been around for 127 years and has AA credit rating and most of the others can’t claim that.
Don Brandt: Well because our program will apply to the broad market whereas the current programs are effectively discriminating against low income customers. To quality for credit score to qualify for lease arrangement or to purchase the solars come up alright and purchase it, basically skews that market to the higher end customers, where there is no credit score requirement, just a structurally sound roof. So, it's across the whole system and there is no subsidization from one credit category of customer to another.
Don Brandt: Well, we're looking with our partner on several opportunities in the West, none are as far as long as DCR which is front center right now.
Don Brandt: And Ali, I'll add it wasn't an issue feedback from the commission it was listing to our customers. And there is a significant segment of our customers manufacture the majority that we're locked out of the solar route market because either lack of credit standing or a lack of upward cash to investment.
Don Brandt: Ali, there are several trends go into that for example last year we had a very cold first quarter so customers got high bills. We had a very warm second quarter so they got a high builds. And that leads to lower levels of usage and we think a lot of the last '13 was really the impact a very strong first half of the year as a relates to sales and the impact of weather.
Don Brandt: Well, the upside would be certainly outside of rate based transformation, which currently as in. Our forecast $0.80 not in our forecast at this point, because it's just a proposal. I think reflecting customer growth in the base infrastructure and PND. So that sort of the two things I can play with some visibility.
Don Brandt: The bill was started in '16 and '17 for the most part saying with the SCR is four quarter is really '16, '17 CapEx period.
Don Brandt: Well the voting doesn’t start until I guess the end of this week the early voting and you are right the election the primary is August 26th.
Don Brandt: There is good poling of the both, and Kit I would suggest to each of the candidates their websites are kind of give you the inclination of their issues.
Don Brandt: Well, we do know that from an overall perspective we have more fall outages than we have in prior year. So that's probably going to put a little stress on O&M. But overall I would say that, the things Mark and I and the rest of the leadership team are doing around the sustainable cost is providing dividends now, and as we are implementing enterprise price process improvement, we think we'll keep that going for at least a couple of years. At some point we're going to get into wage inflation and that's just the way it's going to be. But right now we're still working at fairly flat O&M.
Don Brandt: You’re correct. There is no lean on the home; basically we’re renting for 20 years the roof space. And the customers are eligible to cancel it any point in time. So when they sell the home, if the new home owner doesn’t want to solar on his roof top, his or her roof top for whatever reason, we will remove it and put the roof back in the shape it was before the equipment was up there.
Don Brandt: Remember, under the settlement, we could not file until May 31, 2015. The net meter in May order that sort of coming on that date, if they remove that, it's open in after May 31st we could follow last half of '15, '16, '17. There is no requirement at that point.
Don Brandt: So on the first side, if you not ask or do we expect any change in the $5 tariff at this point. And remember that tariff those to offset the LFCR. So there is no income impact ATS. Second of all, we wouldn't follow-up to at least 2016 at the earliest and that would be dependent upon earnings and allowed ROEs around the country and some of the other things.
Don Brandt: That would be, if you do a rate design change or a change like that that would happen in the next rate case.
Don Brandt: Yes conceptually that the commission right now is talking about going some generic rate design discussions that would benefit from having our rate case come after those discussion have occurred which is part of the desire to move that out to 2016. Once you get through those discussions then you could begin to implement those in that subsequent rate case.
Don Brandt: The proposal right now is they are talking about is to lift the requirement that we file in 2015 it was in the net mitering decision if you look that back you would go back to the underlying settlement which had a no earlier than requirement.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. That's said in my remarks Greg. I think it's easy to look at a quarter and extrapolate something. Last year if I look at three to six, trends we were up. And so there is a lot of volatility on these numbers today and I would third quarter is always big for us and the fourth quarter in terms of momentum into '15. So I am playing I am not worried about our long-term growth trend as I said we believe in the fundamentals in Arizona and Phoenix.
Jim Hatfield: Yes Greg, I think it’s important remember while we are in a base rate stay out, we have mechanism Four Corners in ‘15, we have AZ Sun, we have the TCA, LFCR. So, the top line is not stagnant from that perspective.
Jim Hatfield: Well, energy efficiency, the consumer confidence roughly $0.06 per share offset by customer growth of $0.04 and then slightly lower usage about $0.03, so all together about $0.06.
Jim Hatfield: If you look the last -- I really think since ‘08 we’ve had negative sales every year including since the stay-out went to effect and we have a waiver from our commitment.
Jim Hatfield: It’s part of the competitive bid process like Don said in his remarks for selective we won’t know until early ‘15 and it’s 20-20 in services state so we have a lot ahead of us before we even count on DCR at this point.
Jim Hatfield: We will look at that as we get into the third quarter and we plan our outages and we see how the summer goes, remember we have storms and we stretch an equipment in the third quarter's key in terms of what will be, so we'll update that in the third quarter.
Jim Hatfield: Well, the position now, by the Department of Revenue, is they are subject to property tax. They will begin, they have been sending out assessments to be paid in 2015. Nothing's changed on ruling at this point from the Department of Revenue.
Jim Hatfield: No, in terms of wages we see, wages grow 3.1% year-over-year so we’re having strong wage growth. Personal incomes are up almost 3%. So, it’s really a lot around a couple things that Don mentioned, I mean certainly credit is tighter today you need to bigger down payment. And just confidence in the economy is still not where it was I don't think and I think all these things are impacting.
Jim Hatfield: We think it's 60 million to 65 million roughly to a lot of that would depend on the size of the installations and number and so on so forth.
Jim Hatfield: Well, so levers we have we don't plan on achieving equity till 2016 at the earliest. You saw the numbers flat O&M with benefits down. That continues to be lever, I would say overall cost control is a focus of this company and we’re more managing cost well. And we have the mechanism that I talked about. So we've said we do want to file in ‘15, so we'll see how that goes we have large CapEx going in ‘16, ‘17 and ‘18. So moving the right case back certainly lines up better with our CapEx spend. So we're highly confident, we're going to hit our numbers during this period.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. We are seeing a little usage per customer and that really relates to the consumer confidence in EE, DGs continue to be about 0.5% to 1% with really the EE and consumer confidence which is driven by job security or other things going underly being a bigger part of that.
Jeff Guldner: It’s being good. Whether it's going to come in pretty much close to normal and we've seen usage demand pretty much according to expectations.
Jeff Guldner: Julien, this is Jeff Guldner. Just one thing to keep in mind to, this isn’t another option. So it doesn't displace the current folks that are out there, this is simply saying that we extend the program that's modeled like our Arizona Sun program or on utility ownership to a broader set of customers than probably could get it today.
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff this is simplified as an option so what the commission will do they are considering the application that we've made or considered both the 20 megawatt utility scale 1 and that's distributed alternative as an option.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: So first just picking up on Greg’s last question if you don't mind. On the solar rooftop program if you will, how do you ensure that you'll be competitive or how do you just think about competitiveness versus the broader marketplace, if you can elaborate a little bit.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. So, could you extend a little bit about where and how big this program could get? I mean, I know it's a little early, but obviously this is the growth subject.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And just to be clear, in theory, when would that $5 tariff at least be revisited, just procedurally speaking.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And there would be no requirement, even in 2016, for you to file, right? That's just your, that would be subject to your decision.
