Jeff Guldner: Greg, this is Jeff. Nothing has occurred and the commission, the hearing is continuing right now, and we expect the hearing will probably wrap up today.
Jeff Guldner: No. She had commented early in the proceeding that any issues with Commissioner Burns were going to be addressed by the commission.
Jeff Guldner: Actually, this is Jeff. Right now, the Chris is focused on getting the initial two-year lease extension which would allow the operation of the plant to continue through 2019. Then the department of interior has workshop going that's looking at a variety of different scenarios that could include potential new owners for the plant, but that's there's been two meetings and there's another meeting coming up at later this month, so that's pretty early right now.
Jim Hatfield: Yes, Greg, this is Jim. The ERP is at beginning of 2021, I think specifically talked about PPAs, it's really for the summer period, May through September. I think that the flexible generation that we've talked about is, really, has been carved out of the self-build Moratorium, and that would be further off into the horizon.
Jim Hatfield: I think our view on storage at the moment, Julien, it's more of reliability-driven. And I think we'll be seeing more capital allies for storage, but we're taking a very measured approach and making sure we're on the right side of that cost curve on storage. But clearly, it's going to have a part in our future from a capital perspective. And I would say, that's not currently in our forecast.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think if we owned it, would have to be recovered in the regulatory process. So there's not currently a framework for adjuster mechanism. We also have a PSA expanded, where we can put commission approved battery, asset cost through the PSA and net recovered that way.
Jim Hatfield: I think it will be consistent with prior years. That tax benefit in the first quarter, we typically took over the course of the year in our effective tax rate with the change in accounting guidance, with both right now at the time this years are issued. It required us to do in the first quarter, which just stands out because the first quarter is such a small quarter.
Jim Hatfield: Well, again, in the fourth and first quarter, with small sales, any sort of weather variation or anomalies pop up from year to year. We look for the second and third quarter, and so far, the second quarter is starting off with weather adjusted positive sales. So I would sort of hold on cost on sales until we get through the second quarter, where we have more meaningful amount of sales.
Jim Hatfield: No. Not at all. I think the equity ratio are more normalized as we find our CapEx program with long term debt.
Jim Hatfield: There's always in kind of every settlement I've seen in Arizona, that Charles, there has been force majeure type of provisions. I don't recall a case in which they've actually been used.
Jim Hatfield: We defined that broadly, but State Farm relocated the Western operations to Tempe. And built five buildings on Tempe County lake and they're beginning now to populate all of these buildings with the people, and so that's a big driver of that growth.
Jim Hatfield: No, it will be recovered differently. It's going to be demand-based versus volumetric. But the robustness on the LFCR did not change.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I wouldn’t contemplate recovery any costs that will be new as that defer the SCR's for recovery in '19 and Ocotillo until the next rate case. Another now it's just be really reflecting the capital investment into the system that was -- from the last settlement forward.
Jim Hatfield: It was 2015 with 12 months of post [indiscernible] plan. So we really were approximately '16 our agency rate base at year-end was $6.8 billion for purposely of Arizona and if we're to add probably another $300 million of rate base over the course of '16.
Don Brandt: I think that's on our expectation. Obviously, any increased renewable spends outside of the $15 million a year in '18, '19 from any return to is not currently on our forecast. So that will be incremental capital.
Don Brandt: We're drilling [ph] this chapter, ERP is just been filed. So obviously, we're working through -- we'll be working through that and there will be I'm sure more discussion on that as we move forward. We've got some storage that we're doing right now that is with the Solar Partners program. I'd say the focus we got right now is storage that's related to power quality, local reliability issues. And we're making sure that we have a good understanding of that. And so that's kind of what [Multiple Speakers] that's what in right now when the discussion started.
Don Brandt: Well, we agreed to spend a $50 million a year. So we're covering through they know. As currently contemplated, it's not a big capital line, but it is incremental and can recover concurrently, which is from a capital perspective.
Don Brandt: I don't know that I would say it's off the table. We're only 14% owner in that plant. So we don't want to speak for [indiscernible] owner-operator.
Don Brandt: Michael, there's a self-build moratorium that's in the case, that you'd have to step through the process if you're going to propose a bill. So typically, that's going to be more in the view of a back step, but one of the changes to that moratorium would be an acquisition, would be different. So that's changed a little bit from the last moratorium.
Don Brandt: Yes. The moratorium that's proposed in the settlement doesn't preclude the acquisitions, but it would affect the self-build.
Don Brandt: Yes. It's going to be the major outage for our Units 4 and 5, practically for the SCR installations.
Don Brandt: No. Our fossil planted outage O&M is pretty lumpy. '16 and '17 are elevated because of the impact for the SCRs. So I think you would see, as you get out to '18, '19, more normalized fast O&M.
Don Brandt: Paul, Don Brandt here. Just a couple of facts right here, Metropolitan Phoenix housing permits are at the highest levels they've been since 2007. Maricopa County's the fastest-growing county in the United States in 2016, eclipsing, I believe a county that where Austin, Texas is located. And we've seen not just in the financial services, but beyond State Farm a lot of back-office operations are here, call centers. But also, in biosciences, there's a really booming industry, that brings a lot of jobs and relatively highly paid jobs.
