Jeff Guldner: Great. Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. I want to spend a few minutes looking back on 2020 because there were certainly challenges, but there were also many impressive accomplishments. So as part of my operations update, I'll share with you some of the most notable successes from 2020. I'll also provide a regulatory update and highlight our goals for 2021, and then Ted will discuss our 2020 earnings and our approach to communicating forward-looking financial expectations. I'd like to start by recognizing our field team's exceptional execution in 2020. Our nonnuclear fleet recorded its best reliability performance since 2007 with a summertime equivalent availability factor of 95.3%. We also celebrated our best year ever for service reliability. When you exclude voluntary and proactive fire mitigation impacts, with that performance, the average APS customer experienced less than one power outage and faced fewer total minutes of interrupted service than industry averages. And Palo Verde surpassed the 1 billion gross megawatt hours mark for production over the life of the plant, and it achieved the summer reliability capacity factor of 100%. And in addition, the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Nuclear Energy announced Palo Verde was the nation's top producer of carbon-free energy for the 25th year in a row, highlighting its important contribution to our clean energy commitment.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. You're not missing anything. There are updates in both directions. So of course, you have the capital reduction and changes in accumulated depreciation, accumulated deferred taxes, but you also have changes in the asset mix, depreciation, timing, working capital and other great assets. So you've got movement in both directions, and this is a refresh that contemplates all of those factors.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, we're managing customer bill impact and promoting rate gradualism, as we build out clean. We're still committed to our clean energy investments and achieving our 2030 goal and ultimately, the 2050 goal. Keep in mind, as stated in the last question, the largest of our fuel savings really isn't expected until after this capital forecast that you see in this release. And that's driven both by the coal retirement next coming in 2025 as well as the accumulated renewable additions that we are currently adding and the fuel savings that that will create. That will ultimately create enough fill headroom to allow us to continue to invest in our clean energy plan while minimizing any bill impact.
Jeff Guldner: Insoo, typically, adjustment mechanisms are adopted in rate cases. If you were following the hearings, some of the dialogue that's happening right now, we continue to advocate for the advanced energy mechanism. There's some dialogue from other parties that are recognizing the fact that we have in the past, recovered capital investments. I'm thinking here, Arizona Sun, which was recovered through our renewable energy surcharge. And so there's some dialogue in the case that says, well, does the Advanced Energy Mechanism have to be it? Or are there opportunities to use other mechanisms. And so that's still a live issue in the case. If we ultimately get through the case and the commission doesn't approve an adjustment mechanism, then you would likely be in the next case, making that proposal and again, continuing to demonstrate the benefits that that brings. And one of the primary ones, as Ted mentioned, rate gradualism that's really what we're trying to do here is you don't want to build up a bunch of capital investments then come in with a larger rate increase. If you can manage that over a more gradual pace, you're able to keep rate increases kind of closer to the - closer to a zero real, so under the rate of inflation. And so we'll continue to make the points as we move forward, but there's several different paths this could ultimately go.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Michael, I appreciate the question. I'd say that we are committed to achieving those goals in 2030. But we continue to evaluate the timing of those assets in service over the next decade. I can't project any forward guidance, of course, beyond the years that we've listed here. But in order to achieve those ultimate goals in 2030, the amount needing to be procured hasn't changed. We'll take a look at how to best time that procurement to promote rate gradualism and take advantage of the fuel savings that we expect to occur beyond the capital forecast that we provided you today.
Jeff Guldner: Well, I'd - yes, I'd focus on the reduction of capital, more about that concept of rate gradualism and trying to minimize near-term bill impact. I'd say the other drivers are really more about the refresh to rate base to line up with this capital forecast that includes other factors such as depreciation, asset timing, timing of working capital reg assets, et cetera.
Jeff Guldner: Certainly, when the rate case concludes, we'll be able to provide our financing plans and expectations going forward as well as more detail on how we're going to continue to execute our clean energy plan.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Look, it's a little different. So this was the attorney general. So this is not a normal party to commission proceedings. And if you go back and look, the inquiry into the rate migration and the customer education outreach plan began at the commission, and then they had referred, and the attorney general has jurisdiction over other things that the commission may not, but the attorney general then picked that up in their civil division, and we have been cooperating with them and providing information for more than a year, I believe, on that matter, and we had the opportunity instead of litigating that case. It's important that we focus on improving the customer experience here. And I didn't want to spend three years in litigation with this. The right thing to do is to settle the case. We're satisfied the $24 million or the $24.75 million goes back to customers. That's the right thing to do. And so the appropriate thing for us was to reach the settlement, but it's not the traditional parties. This wasn't a multiparty settlement. This was basically us and the attorney general.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks, again, everyone, for joining us today. With Jeff having covered our 2020 performance highlights, I'll cover our full year 2020 financial results. I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth forecast, capital program and rate base growth. As I mentioned in our third quarter call, we historically have not provided forward-looking guidance during a pending rate case. Consistent with that approach, we will hold off on providing 2020 earnings guidance until after our current rate case concludes. For full year 2020, we earned $4.87 per share compared to $4.70 per share in 2019. Excluding the $0.17 impact from the settlement with the attorney general, our 2020 earnings would have been $5.04 per share and near the midpoint of our $4.95 to $5.15 guidance range. The decrease in earnings per share resulted from - resulting from the settlement was offset by $125 million increase in pretax gross margin or $0.83 per share year-over-year from weather. In response to the unusually large weather benefit, we did accelerate the timing of future O&M initiatives. While the pull forward increased our 2020 total O&M, our originally budgeted O&M was trending down. In 2020, we met our goal to reduce O&M by $20 million, largely through lean initiatives and automation. In addition, every leader in the company completed White Belt Lean Sigma training. This is an important milestone in our effort to embed a mindset of cost management and customer affordability across the enterprise and to equip our people with the skills and tools to identify and implement ways we can be more efficient and cost-effective. This mindset will continue to be a top priority in 2021. Turning now to our customer and sales growth. In 2020, we experienced 2.3% customer growth and 1.4% weather-normalized sales growth compared to 2019. Even with the impacts from COVID, we energized more than 27,000 new customers and five new substations supporting data centers. For 2021, we expect retail customer growth to be between 1.5% and 2.5%. With that trend continuing through 2023, we expect weather-normalized retail electric sales growth between 0.5% to 1.5% in 2021, and between 1% to 2% on average from 2021 through 2023. Our guidance now includes estimated contributions of several large data centers that have been interconnected. We will continue to estimate contributions and evaluate our sales growth guidance as these and other new data centers develop more usage history.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Dariusz, this is Ted. Appreciate the question. I'd say directionally, that is still correct. That's an average between now and 2030 to achieve our goal of 65% clean with 45% renewables. The timing from year-to-year between now and 2030 is not necessarily just even year-over-year. And as we've mentioned before, our first - or our next coal retirement occurs by 2025. At that point, you'll see a meaningful amount of fuel savings, which means that your procurement needs in the back half of the decade can continue to ramp up to meet that 2030 goal while having a minimal bill impact.
Ted Geisler: Yes. We're not providing forward-looking guidance. You are correct. The pull forward was unique to 2020, given extreme weather. We want to take advantage of that and derisk future years. Similarly, once we get past pandemic, we would expect COVID-related costs would likely be reduced or eliminated. But keep in mind, Dariusz, we've historically guided to flat O&M per kilowatt hour sales growth, and we will continue to focus on our lean efforts. And Dariusz, just again, for context, you mentioned pull forward from 2021 O&M, it's not necessarily just 2021. It's pull forward of future O&M. And so it's picking up things that would have gone in subsequent years as well.
Ted Geisler: Yes. That will ultimately affect the timing of our equity issuance. As we said, we would expect that to be before the next case. So we'll know more upon the conclusion of this case and be able to include that in our expected financing plans going forward.
Ted Geisler: Charles, I think the way to think about that is the mechanism is one element of this pending rate case. When the rate case concludes, we'll take that opportunity to look at our guidance going forward, including the capital plan. The benefit of the mechanism, as Jeff pointed out, is it promotes rate gradualism and helps ensure a minimal and more gradual bill impact to customers over time. So that's one of the important elements of the mechanism, but we'll really take a point to look at the entire rate case outcome, including whether the proposed mechanism is approved to then look at guidance going forward, including CapEx.
Ted Geisler: Our resource need hasn't changed, and that's part of why you see some of the reduction in these near-term years was largely in the clean energy spend because our customer growth still remains robust. That's largely what's fueling the transmission and distribution spend. So the resource need still exists. The goal to get to 2030 still exists. We're only showing out through 2023 here. The timing between now and 2030 still leaves a lot of opportunity for us to continue to execute and invest in clean generation. And as stated earlier, the fuel savings that will create that bill headroom is largely beyond this 2023 period, and therefore, creates an opportunity for continued clean energy investments while minimizing bill impact.
Ted Geisler: Yes. And I'd just say, I wouldn't read too much into the even number of $1.5 billion. That's just part of the projections. As we continue to support customer growth, large customers moving into our service territory, that will continue to drive transmission distribution investment. As we continue to get the results of our RFPs, that will inform more specific numbers on our clean energy investments. The numbers could get more refined as we get closer to each year. But I think directionally, this is a good projection.
Ted Geisler: Well, David, we're still committed to that open, transparent competitive procurement process. So while we still believe there'll be a blend of PPAs and ownership going forward, I think this is more about timing between now and our 2030 goal and wanting to respect that bill impact and take advantage of fuel savings that may occur beyond 2023, than it is any prediction of results of future RFPS.
Ted Geisler: We don't have a specific percentage or sort of baseline split between the two. We just run the RFP, and we have results evaluated from those solicitations. We had a project last year, for example, that was a repower of an existing wind facility that's under PPA. It made good economic sense for our customers to sign that PPA, since it's an existing facility. But then we also took contracts for ownership of utility scale, utility-owned storage to couple with our existing APS solar assets. And we're finalizing a result of an RFP right now for utility-owned, utility-scale solar plus storage. So it just depends on the bids we get and the economics of each bid and the viability of the projects that are proposed.
