James Hatfield: So we'll be done with major work in Four Corners and you know, we've gone through really two to three years here where we've had increased outages preparing for the SCRs, as well as the combined cycle. As we get beyond 2018, we would expect with Navajo closing for one thing next year and just more normal run rate on the coal units, you're going to see that more normalized outage O&M be in that 40 million, $45 million range, what we had prior to 2016.
James Hatfield: So that is really third-party winning - or contract wins. These come off as a revenue credit when we do our next formula rate. So it has a benefit of the year when it happened, but it is a bottom line impact.
James Hatfield: I mean, it could - it turns out for several reasons, but we - as you can see on the chart we have new gas generation which is really Ocotillo, finishing up in the first quarter of '19, as Don alluded to and then we don't have anything in 2020. So obviously things have changed with battery storage and other things, but nothing currently contemplated.
James Hatfield: What you have is the same dynamic we really had in the fourth quarter last year, which is even though quantity is down slightly, you do have pricing, when people are using the power, benefiting. So put those together you do have revenue [growth based on sales]. But it's not quantity driven, its more price driven.
James Hatfield: Yeah, we don’t give earnings growth targets, but we've always talked about the earnings growth over the long-term being sort of bracketed by rate base and obviously the board looked at earnings growth when they raised the dividend in October, so…
James Hatfield: Well, we’re locked in at APS and Pinnacle relies on APS for most of its earnings. So let's say could we go above Pinnacle's consolidated level, we could, but that's not likely because the APS was going to be you know, on that – probably less than 10% ROE, so I don't know exactly how else you get there.
James Hatfield: Well, you have APS and you're going to have holding company debt and some other things. So yes, I think looking at APS as a starting point and then going from there is a fairly good way to construct that.
James Hatfield: Yeah, it's the timing between quarters and we have a slide in the appendix on slide eight, that actually shows pre-tax earnings expected spread and sales expected spread across the quarter. So that gives a good look at sort of the mismatch.
James Hatfield: Well, we had a rate increase of slightly less than $90 million and the rate reduction for the tax impact is 119, but 119 doesn't really impact the bottom line over the course of the year. So…
James Hatfield: So whether relative to normal is off about $0.09 or $13 million and it really relates to heating degree days that the residential side was way down year-over-year.
James Hatfield: No, and we had to manage it before. We feel good about our pension funding, 95% funded on a GAAP basis. OPEB is actually overfunded. So we feel good about the line - all the accounting treatment did is take - separate your service from non-service pension OPEB costs, that's all it did. So no difference in how we would approach the business.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Julien. Its Jeff. So the Navajo situation is obviously being led by SRP since they're the operator of the power plant and so there's been a lot of activity over the last year on that. But I don't think the current situation has changed. I think there's an effort going to see if they could continue to operate that plant after the other owners have left. But just watching that continue to develop. It's really in SRP hands.
Jeffrey Guldner: Michael, this is Jeff. So we've got RFPs out - we can get you the language in the last - in the last settlement. There are exceptions and provisions to that. So you know, we continue to move forward with RFPs and the timing of that is in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. To Don's point, you know, one of the things we do and when we do these RFPs is we're resource agnostic in some cases, so when we go out for a peaking capacity RFP we don't specify the resource and people have bid in. We saw that a bid that came back in our last RFP for that, that was actually a combination of renewables and batteries. And it came in as the most economic resource for the need that we were trying to fill. So to that point you can use these RFPs in a way to constructively build in the portfolio and to continue to develop renewables, but it's better to do it in a thoughtful way.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah, Michael. Its Jeff. It's really reflecting the change. The duck curve is part it, but it's the idea that you've got situations where you want to encourage load and consumption in the middle of the day. And so traditional programs like light lightbulbs that don't really look at the time difference aren't as effective in the environment that we're in. And so we've - we haven't looked at trying to shift that more in towards attacking the peak, which is really where you can grab more value out of the programs. So they’re still being reviewed by the by the commission. Not sure when that's going to work its way out, but that's probably the trend that's going. And you know, assume you have to assume some level of customer adoption for that to happen, so.
Jeffrey Guldner: I don't know that we would do much with guidance. At this point, we had fairly modest sales growth of near half or 1%, 1.5%. So you know, a little upside would be good. You know, I - based on where we are, I don't really see that happening right now. But we will take that - we'd go to update guidance later this year if it happens.
Donald Brandt: Well Michael, it depended on how one approaches it and one does it and if one does it in a constructive, deliberate fashion working with the company obviously and the commission towards a goal that's good for our customers and good for the environment it can integrate quite well. In this case 50% renewables by 2030 is relatively ridiculous and the costs are extreme and the impact on the rest of the company's operations would have a dramatic impact - dramatically negative impact on cost.
Donald Brandt: So Paul, November is, in political talk, a light year away, so that can happen between now and then. The most critical aspect on this ballot initiative is a big if, whether it qualifies for the ballot or not. And we'll take a one step at a time. Going forward we are actively opposing it and pretty much universally across the business community people understand the implications that are all negative for Arizona, for our customers and basically all the residents of Arizona.
Donald Brandt: Well, just as you do, we stay abreast of what's going on out there. And every transaction is unique to that – those companies involved in that particular transactions and – I’ll just leave it at that.
