Jim Hatfield: Yes. I would just say, Greg, it’s a great question as one quarter we come up pretty flat to negative. We do know that consumer confidence at the residential level increased in the second quarter. And I think that’s consistent with the surge in housing permits in the second quarter. That said we will see some consumer elasticity as they get their bills in July from the warm June. So right now, we are continuing to be led here today by the commercial sector with the things we mentioned before, State Farm completing its build-out last year, but still continuing to increase forecast as we move forward. So, I think I would answer that by saying I think the third quarter is going to tell us a lot as well.
Jim Hatfield: So we knew our O&M was going to be back end loaded this year. I think I would look to the first quarter of ‘16 when we did similar type outages at Four Corners. That’s the guide in terms of the magnitude of that spend, Greg.
Jim Hatfield: No, we will provide ‘18 guidance. And then as our normal practice at the end of the third quarter – I am sorry, ‘17 guidance and at the end of the third quarter, we will do ‘18 guidance. But at this time, we have no plans to go out any further than what we normally do.
Jim Hatfield: No. I would expect actually our equity ratio to sort of fall as we issue fixed income securities over the next couple of years.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. The equity ratio and the ROE were just placed in there as parameters for us, the rate case for the black box, so the extra equity in this case, it doesn’t lead to earnings power.
Jim Hatfield: Earnings always goes in peaks and troughs. And keep in mind, when we do the step increase, we still have $0.5 billion of Ocotillo that’s being deferred, but not being earned on. So that would create a drag until it ultimately gets some rates hopefully in 2020.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. I think we are pleased with where we are compared to our plan this year. And beyond that, we haven’t really given any guidance and we will talk about that when we get guidance out here soon.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So I would say that we get probably as much impact of energy efficiency as we do rooftop, but we probably will have by the time rate goes into effect and installations that are valid we have received before that, we will probably end with 70,000 or so rooftop solar and that will be about 6% of our residential customer base will be with rooftop solar. After that, remains to be seen in terms of continued growth. We get about a 1.5% or so offset typically from the EE and DE.
