James R. Hatfield: Well, I apologize if it wasn't clear on the call. The point we're making -- I guess, the only difference, we talked about 2016 not until that year for equity. We're not necessarily looking at needing equity associated directly with the rate case. So even if it's pulled forward, for example, 2016 is still our year.
James R. Hatfield: Well, they have historically done no measurable change when we issued equity for the capital structure. But our equity layer at APS for regulatory purposes right now is very strong, so.
James R. Hatfield: And Julien, this is Jim here. I'll just remind you that even if they decide to step it up, it's no revenue impact to us. It just goes offset to that -- to the LFCR.
James R. Hatfield: I just think it's too early, Kevin, to know what our filing's going to look like right now. I think the visibility on this will be later in the year, when we file our rate plan, which was a requirement of the last settlement.
James R. Hatfield: Well, as -- first of all, the fourth quarter was off 1.9% on sales. I'd point out that to comment on return to more normal, we were up 1% on usage per customer in the fourth quarter of 2012. So again, you have sort of the one year up, one year down effect. And like I said in my comments, I mean, fundamentally, Arizona has demonstrated ability to grow 2 to 3x faster than the U.S. And also, as I said in my comments, it's not clear when that will be, '14, '15, but we're confident in the long-term growth in the State of Arizona because the fundamentals have not changed.
James R. Hatfield: The visibility we have in -- through 2018 is -- I would say, I'm pretty confident. I mean, Ocotillo still needs approval and we have to get permitting and all of those things, but we've announced that project. It's critical for reliability in the valley for both us and SRP. And then the other big driver, as we get into '17, '18 is going to be the SCRs at Four Corners 4 and 5, which the owners are committed to do. So we're -- things move around every year as circumstances change, but I think we're pretty confident that, that is the trajectory of rate base growth. In terms of earnings, I think it really depends on a couple of factors. What happens to sales, timing of rate case will be important. So as we've said, when we have 6% rate-base growth, you're going to see earnings per share growth, somewhere between rate base growth and the 4% dividend growth.
James R. Hatfield: '14 guidance has Four Corners July 1. I think we don't have a procedural schedule yet, so don't know when we'll get that. But I think once we get the ALJ schedule, we'll have -- when those go into effect in the interim, we're deferring the cost with 1, 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 acquisition until the time they go into effect. So cash impact, but no book impact.
James R. Hatfield: Oh, weather-normal demand. Well, every -- generally speaking, every 1% customer growth is about $30 million of gross margin, about $10 million of net income.
James R. Hatfield: We haven't filed that yet, Neil. Part of our adjustment in the fourth quarter of '13 was a true-up to what we expect to file, but we have not worked through the Form 1 yet. We expect to file that probably around April 1 would be a good time line.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think, a little bit of both. We -- when we came out with guidance on August 31, we had a fairly good view of interest rates. So we knew we'd have some reduction -- or some increase in the discount rate. We factored that in. We have a liability-funded pension strategy, which, the more we're funded, the more we go -- move toward fixed income. And so we do -- the long-term return on plan assets will drop as we get more funded. So we made a educated guess at the end of October, and where we are now, that we have the assumptions nailed down is not materially different than what we had in October. And of course, it'd be, I think, for us, kind of silly to change our guidance based on truing up the pension from -- to, really, one month of the year. So that's some conservatism in that regard.
James R. Hatfield: Well, it could or could not. I mean, we haven't made any decisions on our rate strategy there. We won't really begin spending any material money until 2016. So -- and I think what we try to do from a rate strategy also depends on the timing of the rate case.
James R. Hatfield: Well, so we basically, when we're going to file next year, we've began to actually charge to revenue a portion of what we think we're going to do next year, because it's for this year, period. And that came out of our settlement when we had the actual date of June 1 in Arizona, as well as FERC. And various things impact that. What goes into service, what expense levels are, what our wheeling revenue is. And so as we go through the year, we just get a better view as to where we're going to end up the year, and -- I mean, we're talking $0.02 increase last in '12 and $0.02 down this year. So I'd say it is pretty close, actually.
James R. Hatfield: I can only tell you that we're -- we have to get permitting -- we have to get approval from the city of Tempe.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. So obviously, as customer growth increases from where we are today, at 2.5%, we're going to begin to see a sales growth increase as well. On top of that 1% would be some benefit of the LFCR or whatever else happens out of net metering in the rate case. That would be consistent with what we're doing today from an LFCR perspective. It's like $0.01 to $0.02 a quarter basically.
James R. Hatfield: I think this year's filing was like 0.7% or something like that. It started at 0.2%. It's capped at 1% rate increase. So that would be your top end.
James R. Hatfield: I'll have to look -- we'll have to look into that. We also have -- we also accrued CapEx at -- in December, but I -- we'll have to look into that.
James R. Hatfield: Well, if you look at fourth quarter of 2012, usage per customer was up 1% from what we'd consider normal customer usage and customer growth. And it was lower in the fourth quarter of 2013 by 1.9%, with 1% of that being the offset of last year. I will point out this, and you have a quarter where -- and the first quarter was like this as well. Any anomaly in weather can really skew sort of usage just based on weather patterns. So we're not worried about it. We see it a lot in the first and fourth quarters, just because of the very low usage. We're still confident in our projections going forward.
James R. Hatfield: I would say that despite my team's best assertations, weather is an art not a science, when it comes to exactly what's weather-driven and what's not weather-driven.
James R. Hatfield: Current intention of the board is to grow the dividend approximately 4% a year, and they'll look at that every October and make a determination. But certainly, with rate-base growth and the adjusters and our ability to earn, we'd expect that to continue, something to board annual action.
Jeff Guldner: Sure. Julien, Jeff Guldner. This project's in Arizona so it's within the California planning process, and that process is evolving with Order 1000, but it's one of the things that we looked at as the strengths that we have within that region and understanding the transmission in the region. So it's folding that in with some of the Order 1000 developments. Certainly we'd be looking within the footprint, but at projects that make sense for our skills.
Jeff Guldner: Julien, Jeff again. So we do quarterly reporting now in terms of what we're seeing with installations, and that's something that all of the parties have indicated that they want to watch. They want to see how the $0.70 charge affects the installation pace. And so as those numbers start to come in, you'll have a number of parties who are looking at them, and then they may take action based on where we see that trajectory going, but nothing is specific yet. We're very early in that process. We don't know exactly now what that trend's going to look like.
Jeff Guldner: Sure, Kevin. So we've got a couple of things going right now. There's -- first, there's a distributed generation workshop. And so they're going to be looking at the cost and benefits distributed generation. Obviously, that is occurring outside the rate case contacts. We'll also be looking at making a rate plan filing later in the year. And so in the rate plan filing, we'll have some discussions. Obviously, something that we want to look at is how we make sure we have as constructive a discussion as we can in a generic sense, because it's not just an APS issue, this is a statewide issue. And so have that discussion, and then as we move into the rate case, that's when you would implement some of the more rate-specific solutions.
Jeff Guldner: There isn't a docket -- there's a docket established, but there's not yet a timeline that's established for having those proceedings. So they're going to just continue under the schedule that's developed. What we've proposed, so far, is a list of potential parties and experts and witnesses that can talk through those proceedings.
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. It's the way the formula works. And so everything that's happening in the true-up is normal formula adjustments, and they just become clearer as you work through the formula year.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, this is Jeff. There's about a year-long certificate of environmental compliance or compatibility process that takes place. And so that would go before the Arizona Commission. Ultimately, they are the ones who approves the certificate of environmental compatibility. And then once that's approved, you've got your other normal air permitting and the other things that would go forward. But that initial regulatory approval is about a 12-month process.
Jeff Guldner: Well, you need to separate sales from revenue, because we think sales gross can be about 1%, and then you have some of your adjusters that you would include on top of that like TTA, RES, LFCR, EIS, when we get later into the period.
Jeff Guldner: Jim, this is Jeff. The -- we don't know of any ballot initiative right now. There's legislation that's out there right now, and I think there is one bill that was introduced that had a competition, kind of broadly defined competition, language in it. But that hasn't -- I don't believe that's moved right now, and so, obviously, we'd be watching that, but [indiscernible] there yet.
