Jeff Guldner: Yes. Let me start Michael on just the rulemaking and either Ted and Barbara may want to weigh in. So one thing I think is the alignment that we see from the energy rules package is really important and if there is a fairly nice alignment with our efforts to decarbonize by 2050, and I think the interim targets, while the dates are a little bit different. They're not, the alignment is still there. And so I think it's consistent with what we were saying as our plan. It's still got to go through the rulemaking process. So this just starts the rulemaking, it's a formal rulemaking and that will likely happen next year.
Jeff Guldner: We're -- Michael, we're still -- this is right now proceeding down a litigated path and so that's the process that we're following right now. As we said before, we always be open for those conversations and it could be a narrow one with some of the individual participants, fine alignment, take some issues off the table. So we'd continue to be open to it, but we're focused on the litigated path right now.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, fair question. I think at this point without knowing details what those incentives look like, I would say that it would likely just simply make the assets that we already intend on procuring in order to meet our clean energy commitment and potentially the commission's energy rules more affordable for customers. But we'll just have to see what the details look like in any potential legislation and then evaluate from there.
Jeff Guldner: And Stephen, we see that in the energy imbalance market and so there is some coordination and that effort continues to develop.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, so a lot of it is really focused around resilience and making sure that we, for example, protect transmission lines that are bringing remote generation into the Valley and you heard in my direct comments a lot of that we do with vegetation management, working at defensible space around poles and so we've got targeted programs out there. We continue to evaluate that. We look closely at what other utilities in the west are doing to make sure that we are adapting any of the best practices that we can. But when you look really broadly around climate impacts, the importance is around resilience. So, whether it's looking at like micro grids which we've got at Yuma, for the Marine Corps Air Station focusing on those kind of investments. We'll see how that ultimately translates as you look at longer term, but that's been our focus, is making sure we've got a good resilient redundant system so that if we have a line go out because of a wildfire that we've got alternative path or alternative ways to serve the load.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Paul, I appreciate the question. At this point we monitor that closely, but still expect that the allowance we set forth for $20 million to $30 million is consistent with where we think things are coming in, but we'll continue to monitor closely, obviously, as things evolve. We did feel it was appropriate to extend the moratorium through the end of the year. We think that's the right thing to do for our customers, but even given that extension, we believe that the allowance we have identified is appropriate.
Jeff Guldner: Sophie, so we're in the middle of working on the Rebuttal testimony right now. So probably not able to really go into significant amount of detail about that, but obviously what we do is we look pretty carefully at the testimony that comes in. We see if there are issues and are inevitably are, there are some issues where we're like, that's a good point. And let's make an adjustment to that and then there are some issues where we are going to try to clarify or explain what we meant in the initial filing. And so we're not too far away from getting our Rebuttal testimony filed. I think you'll be able to see the highlights of where that is on November 6, when we make that. So sorry, can't be a lot more helpful right now on it, but it's not too far down the road.
Ted Geisler: Yes, it's difficult to quantify, without guidance Julien, but what I would say is that we continue to be aggressive about our lean initiatives and cost management. And the acceleration of O&M opportunities this year as a result of weather really focused largely in the customer space, community space and was a pull-forward from future years, it will help us manage opportunities to the extent there is mild weather. But we remain focused despite the unique opportunity this year on cost management and keeping O&M throughout our sales.
Ted Geisler: Yes, Insoo, thanks for the question. That will largely depend on the outcome of this current case. So it is difficult to predict at this time. But to your point, we have been clear all along that we would intend on being able to seek concurrent recovery for clean energy investments. We think that's the best outcome for customers and our ability to be able to procure at the rate and volume needed to meet our clean energy goals.
Ted Geisler: Yes, I think the way to think about this is, these are initiatives that we had in the pipe as discretionary items that we would like to be able to execute on in future years. That hot weather gave us the opportunity to do now and that gives us then further headroom in future years to the extent we have mild weather, then we can manage that accordingly.
Ted Geisler: Yes, Sophie appreciate the question. I think there is many factors that go into that evaluation, but we want to make sure that we balance projects immediately add value that we can execute. And that are prioritized among myriad of criteria as we rank in order every project that we plan for and decide the funds. So, it really just went through our normal prioritization and ranking exercise, and we pulled forward initiatives that we felt were prudent and could have an immediate impact, particularly in the customer experience and customer focus space.
Daniel Froetscher: Hi, Stephen. This is Daniel. When you look at August and the capacity shortfalls in the corresponding emergencies that were declared in a number of states, I think it exacerbates the need for the utilities in the states in the western interconnect to continue their work as it relates to better coordination. Better facilitation of interdependencies with the intend and results of ensuring that we have reliability and that generation assets are fully leveraged and utilized across multiple jurisdictions. There is a number that you mentioned of working groups in play, assessing those issues and I think over the next six months to a year, you'll see some recommendations that will come forth that of some of those working group activities.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, Paul, it's Daniel. And there is no doubt that offers our McMicken experience. We've learned a number of things, quite a few things that we will put into play on a going forward basis. Energy storage, in order for us to meet our clean energy commitments and frankly as it relates to the energy rules that were discussed and tentatively agreed to yesterday at the commission, battery storage, energy storage is a critical component of our ability to meet those obligations. We've expanded our internal knowledge of the McMicken event incredibly as it relates to design engineering safety protocols and mitigation steps having our employee, a number of consultants who were using on a going-forward basis to help us assess vendor and product design technologies and again underlying systems, both mitigation and preventative. And I have a high level of confidence that we are much better positioned today than we've ever been as it relates to understanding the technology, its associated risks, and are in a much better place as it relates to design, engineering and safety protocols. We've learned quite a bit and I think we're in a pretty good place.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, a couple of general themes, Paul. As we move forward, we will consider containerized but not occupyable as a design alternative as compared to the occupyable containerized system McMicken was. I believe there will be changes, I trust there will be changes in both fire suppression and the arresting if you will, of what's called thermal runaway when battery cells fail. And we are moving forward under the absolute belief that sales will fail in the future and that we've got a design engineer and established safety protocols to deal with that. You may very well see some wet or dry stand pipe installations as it relates to a water cooling mechanism as mitigation infrastructure to deal with a thermal runaway. Those are some of the things that we've extracted from the McMicken experience.
Daniel Froetscher: Again, Charles, this is Daniel. No that's not quite true. The containerized systems are air-conditioned and cool to certain optimal operating temperatures and so Arizona's high summer time heat does not introduce any additional risk as it relates to the underlying technology.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, we will employ the learnings off of McMicken. Other learnings from the general industry and technology development that have occurred since McMicken and be prepared to move forward with what we believe to be a superior engineering design instead of safety systems to ensure battery success moving forward.
Barbara Lockwood: Hi, Paul. This is Barbara Lockwood. Certainly there are some items in play in the current rate case that we do expect to be resolved. Some moderate changes potentially to rate design and some conversations that we've been having around customer education as well as potentially things like what the rates are named. So, that is in process, and that will happen through that process. Outside of that, we have made a commitment that we are going to be continuously communicating with the commission and our stakeholders, as all of these issues continue to evolve. So, we'll be talking to the commission on a very regular basis, be an open meeting or individual updates with our stakeholders, and that will continue as we seek to big progress on all of these issues with all of our stakeholders, including the commission.
Barbara Lockwood: So certainly, we think we've worked through the majority of the issues that have been in play with respect to the right comparison tool. And while there may be some additional discussion from our perspective, we've taken all the steps that we've needed to take to resolve that issue. And anything remaining will just be updates in that respect. So we can't guaranty where things may evolve from there, but we do believe that we've taken every action that we needed to take to resolve that issue and we've had numerous discussions about it and it should be nearing the end of that conversation.
Barbara Lockwood: Hi, James. This is Barbara Lockwood. Yes, that was Commissioner Olson. And Commissioner Olson is not a supporter of any sort of clean energy requirement. And so he was attempting to insert a requirement that -- consistent with his philosophy that it should only be low cost resource. That's the only guiding force for energy resource investment across the board. So it was not supported. It was supported by one another Commissioner and it was not approved on a three to two vote. So I would be very surprised if there is any support on a going-forward basis for that sort of cap. Having said that, we do have an election next week and depending on the outcome of that there could be a different perspective. But as it sits today, we believe there is broad support for these clean energy rules and that sort of requirement is not going to be successfully test or incorporated into these rules.
Barbara Lockwood: So, James. Good question. They have not set a date yet. If you were listening yesterday, they voted on all of the amendments that were there. They actually moved the amended item that's in recessed before they voted the final package and that was because they needed to quickly get to the final package and all the conforming changes to make sure it was exactly what they wanted to vote on at the end of the day. And the Chairman indicated when they had that package they would reconvene and then take the final vote. So we don't have any indication as to one that's going to be, but we do think it will be relatively soon that they would like to get this done. Now having said that, keep in mind, this is a vote to go to the formal rulemaking process. So, there will be another vote before these rules become final and effective and that will happen likely next year.
