James R. Hatfield: Yes, Greg, that's exactly right. And we've seen now, for 2 quarters, positive sales growth. And while we were assuming flat, in the shoulder quarters for us, which are the fourth quarter and first quarter, it's hard to read a long-term pattern. But at this point, we do see very modest growth where we saw flat previously.
James R. Hatfield: We don't have anything for the rest of the year other than what I talked about in my remarks, Greg. And I don't think we have another opportunity until '14.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. I would say we're executing against our plan, I'm very pleased on where we are. If you look at the first quarter, you really have a couple of drivers that caused the $0.07 comparison. And one is the stock compensation, and that's just based on stock price all-time high. And the second is really the deferral, amortization of deferral from our 2009 rate case on pension, which, theoretically, we got recovery for in the nonfuel base rate increase. So I'm very pleased. The IT cost that I mentioned being higher quarter-to-quarter, we've decided to make some strategic investments in IT that should drive down cost beginning 2014 and beyond. So it's a very conscious thing on our part to take this opportunity to invest in the future. Other than that, costs would have came in flat year-over-year.
James R. Hatfield: Well, as we said before, Neil, we have the option to file a case in May 31, 2015. We're not obligated to file a case, so we'll obviously look at interest rates, a lot [ph] of ROEs and how we're performing to make a determination there. And as we've said before, the commentary around 2014 assumes that, that's a test year and believe we have the ability to not issue at '14 if '14 doesn't become a test year. So we're really looking at equity. At the same time, we're really looking at what a test year scenario would be.
James R. Hatfield: It'll be ratable for the second quarter and then we'll have an even comparison from starting the July 1, 2012 rate case.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I'm not going to comment on how it compared to budget, but I will say we were positive -- we were -- positively view the customer growth number and sales growth, which obviously were ahead of expectations since we had talked about flat sales growth. I think we're very pleased as well with the execution on the cost management side. So we did have a good quarter and we are executing it to plan.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think we've, like I said earlier, we’ve had positive sales growth the last 2 quarters. And I said, I was talking to investors, that we're very loathe to look at a fourth quarter, first quarter scenario and talk about that's a trend because you get a lot of abnormalities on a shoulder quarter as it relates to revenue and pricing. So continuation of load growth, continuation of the execution of the cost management would be things to look at after the second quarter, and just ensure that we're executing on the year.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we review guidance every quarter and we'll review it again at the end of the second quarter. And so, I guess it would be -- I'd say it's ongoing from how we evaluate that.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we had $0.05 of weather to benefit. I guess if that continued on $0.05 every quarter, obviously, we would be ahead of where we thought we would since it's a -- we assume normal weather. But other than that, I'm really not going to comment on comparison to internal budgets.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, well, we file every -- we'll file our formal rate on May 15. We're still going through the formula now. And those rates will go into effect on June 1, both at the FERC level and at the Arizona jurisdictional level. We don't have a number at this point, so I really can't talk magnitude.
James R. Hatfield: Well, it was around 2.5% as we got out to 2015. I don't think anything's changed on the DE EE [ph] customer conservation side. What we're seeing now is a little higher levels of customer growth, I guess.
James R. Hatfield: It was about almost $8 million for the quarter. And I'd have to go back and look at what it was at the end of the year versus what it was at the end of the first quarter.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, we started accruing the LFCR in 2012 at the implementation of the rate settlement. So we started in July 1 of '12.
Donald E. Brandt: Greg, Don here. Let me add to that, too, as I know you and others that were out for our Analyst Day last fall saw the extensive presentations that both Jim and -- Jim Hatfield here and Mark Schiavoni covered, and they're spearheading this effort with the entire officer team. And I don't characterize it, as you know, as cost-cutting, but we're putting in processes and -- that's better coordinated across operating units within the company, streamlining some of the efforts. And we're seeing the results of that. I'm very optimistic about continuing results through the balance of this year, and frankly, for years well into the future.
Donald E. Brandt: Kevin, we visit that with the Board in the fall at the October meeting, and I think our aspirations that we've laid out, at least right now, remain the same going forward.
Donald E. Brandt: I wouldn't characterize it as not more accommodating or less accommodating. I think the -- both we -- right now, we're in a series of information-gathering meetings and open to the public, and interested parties voice concerns in that, and our primary interest is to make certain that, one, all the parties and the commission understands what, in fact, the subsidies are, that they're transparent and that there are some clear policy decisions being made going forward. And our primary interest is creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona. And clearly, we've been supportive, as the record indicates, of solar across the board, utility-scale owned by us, utility-scale owned by others like Abengoa's project that will be the largest of its kind in the world when it's done in a couple of months. And rooftop solar has been a big -- residential rooftop solar has been a big component. And I expect it to continue to be so in Arizona.
Donald E. Brandt: We've got a variety of different scenarios we've run and we've got the cost, and that's what we're basically talking to all the parties about. Here are the facts, and how does -- going forward, what might our recommendations to the commission, what might be their recommendations to the commission on how to design rates to basically create an environment that's fair to all customers.
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, Paul, Don here. I think it's a variety of factors. One, it's clearly a better economy, I think some consumer confidence is coming back. We see that in usage patterns, also, the housing inventory, we're down to right at about 20,000 units of housing, which is kind of equilibrium. I wouldn't say we've got a homebuilding boom going on, but they're -- homebuilders have become active. They usually end up talking to us 12 to 18 months before projects go. There are some homebuilding going on. We've seen homebuilding prices -- or excuse me, home prices come up since clearly last spring when real residential buyers as opposed to investors came into the market, drove that. So I think overall, it's generally trended positive last 2 quarters.
Donald E. Brandt: Right. I think that's correct. We haven't assumed any kind of change in those underlying policies on the energy efficiency side.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, the -- generally, I'd say, yes. The Tribal Council is their governing body. It works very similar to the United States Congress. They approve it and the President of the Nation signs their legislation into law. And this performed, the special-purpose entity to hold the coal company that would presumably transfer from -- through acquisition from BHP over to the Nation, they put that into play. Now, there are some final contract negotiations to be completed, but essentially, most of the legislation we and they need to complete the Four Corners steps is in place with the vote that was occurred earlier this week.
Donald E. Brandt: I think with the desert Southwest and specifically, Arizona, the intrinsic growth this year, that gives us plenty to manage for many years into the future.
