Mark Schiavoni: This is Mark Schiavoni, and yes, as far as your first quarter about shutdown. The owners led by SRP who is the operating agent has made decision at 2019 which is a current exploitation of the existing lease either as a year to lease [ph] and move forward beyond 2019 with the current owners structure or a changed owner structure. Couple of owners have made it clear they do not want to operate beyond 2019. But in the meantime, department has interior and our ACC as well as others that pull all the party together and are looking forward some sort of resolution post 2019 in order to continue the operating of the facility. The economics or the facility as it stands today would not warrant continued operation without some significant changes. So that’s an ongoing issue still to be resolved. As far as the impact of the generation we will update our [indiscernible] as we go forward. But the current expectation is, we have the resources until at least 2019 potentially longer, and we will put it into our future finance and what we do from an RP [ph] or some more other positions with regards to Navajo generating station. 
Mark Schiavoni: Well I think lower overall corporate tax rate will be passed on to customers. I don't think it never going to wait till the next rate case. I think the [indiscernible] maybe something that hurt the company, so you want to put it all together and do it all at once. But we'll just have to wait and see there is at least two proposals out there. The treasury secretary spoke yesterday. I think the issue is further clouded and we'll just have to wait and see ultimately what happens 
Mark Schiavoni: Well I think well first of all. No question we had a weak fourth quarter, heading into fourth quarter we had positive sales. So don't know that that's necessarily a trend and I'm not going to the to the first and fourth quarters to look at the trend with us being waited till second, third quarter. But I will say we have a lot of business sales were up last year for example State Farm [ph] started filling their buildings in 2015 that wasn't complete until October of this year. So you'll have a full year impact of that, and we just see a lot of construction, especially multi-family homes going on into Downtown Phoenix. So all the signs are pointing towards modest sales growth in 2017, we're projecting between of 0% and 1%. So we will ultimately see what happens.
