Jeffrey B. Guldner: Sure, Dan. We've had some interest from customers, and so obviously, there are 2 pieces to this program. One of it is to address some customer interest. The other is to give us some -- inform us on what happens when we put west-facing solar what happens when we take control of inverters on rooftop solar systems. And so all that's have generated a lot of discussion. I do expect the commission is likely to -- staff report will come out shortly and that's probably going to be on -- I would expect it to see on the December open meeting.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Yes, we're monitoring it closely. We filed quarterly, so you can get copies of the quarterly filings. I think we're seeing installations coming in right now just a little bit below last year's trajectory, but we also had the highest months or the second highest months we've seen in September. And that's been increasing.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: This is Jeff. So one of the things just to keep in mind, let's say, on this program is this was a compliance program. So we had a 200-megawatt target with AZ Sun project. We've got 170 megawatts of it built-out. And so we're really looking at filling this niche and looking at what we could get from a pilot. Some advantages or some information we can get from pilot standpoint. So we're not really looking at this as an expansion project at this point.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: If you look at multifamily right now, there's not really an opportunity for a multifamily unit to move to solar. And so some of this is looking at how do you feel some of those gaps.
Donald E. Brandt: Not quite sure of what you mean by tamped down, Dan, but let me comment, one, we think there's adequate payout ratio and just the improvements in our financial position and some of the regulatory certainty, we felt comfortable and the board agreed moving from a 4% to 5% growth rate. That's not necessarily locked in. We will look at it each year, but as we can -- continue to grow confidence and our ability to deliver our results, we'll take a look at that on a periodic basis.
Donald E. Brandt: There is some discussion that's going to be held next week, I expect, at the open meeting around Ocotillo project where we've got a proposal to do some pilot work on energy storage in association with that. And obviously, if you look at our system and some of the changes we are expecting in the future with the need to have more fast ramp in the afternoon, that's going to be something that I think you're going to see a lot of discussion that in the southwest. So the proposal that we're talking about next week with Ocotillo would be a rate-based proposal.
Donald E. Brandt: I wouldn't say it competes with those. I think it's just another alternative for customers to consider, and in the case of our proposal, virtually, any customer relative to economic or credit standards can avail themselves, do it all that they need as a structurally sound route. And while we haven't promoted it yet because we haven't received approval. We last heard and this is 10 days old like 1,300, 1400 customers have called to sign up for it. So I think there is a lot of interest from our customers.
Donald E. Brandt: Maybe, a big maybe is the -- what we're looking at now is part of the compliance program. And obviously, we and our regulators and our customers will learn a lot from that experience, and I think based on that, we've always done a good job of listening to our customers and what they want.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we sort of pushed the growth out a year. I would say that we continue to see positive signs of activity. As I look out of my window, there are 3 construction projects. The U of A cancer center is nearly complete. The bioscience center is undergoing expansion and ASU is moving their law school downtown, and we'll repurpose the current law school on their Tempe campus. We also saw, last week, the first major buying of land by a homebuilder by Shea homes with their intention in Northscott, They'll begin to sell houses at the end of 2015. So we're continuing to see that. It has been a little sluggish, but it's a matter of when, it's not a matter of if.
James R. Hatfield: I don't think it's a foregone conclusion. In the interim, because we have such a strong equity ratio, we will finance through fixed income security. And so we'll evaluate that when we look to file a rate case what our capital structure is and how we finance that going forward.
James R. Hatfield: So let me answer that this way. One, it's not that dependant upon growth as we've seen in the last 2 or 3 years. It's really dependent upon the adjusters and our ability, I would say less cost-cutting and more cost containment as we move forward. And we entered this settlement in early 2012, late 2011, we looked at the sales outlook and really said, we can manage to the stay out period because we had the adjusters, which give us gross margin growth. And those adjusters continue to get bigger as we move forward. And we have to control costs and we've been able to do that.
James R. Hatfield: So, certainly, to the next rate case. At that point, and we'll have to look at our situation, do we keep the same adjusters, do we get different adjusters that'll all be part of conversations we'll have at that time.
James R. Hatfield: So all of the lease reduction will fall to bottom line until the next rate case, in which case we'll get that back as a part of our rate, which is not necessarily a bad thing since it reduces our ask to customers. That will hit in '16. But you have to also remember, that would be a positive change. It will be offsetting other drivers that will go to offset that. So I wouldn't look at it necessarily as indicative of in and of itself being a big item.
James R. Hatfield: That's a positive. That would be one of the many items that would go plus and minus as we go year-over-year.
James R. Hatfield: So DE is about 0.5%, and then EE is about 1% roughly. So we would think that as growth accelerates, that would be positive for sales growth. And then the interim, also keep in mind, we have a LFCR, which, as designed, is offsetting some of that reduction.
James R. Hatfield: Essentially, it's a network resource to Cal-ISO under their Cal-ISO tarrifs. So it's a competitive bid project that we intend to bid on.
James R. Hatfield: Well, it's a 116-mile line with 98 miles of it in Arizona. So we know the terrain, we know the governing bodies, great relationship. So we think that gives us a leg up.
James R. Hatfield: No, I would just say that it's an A- credit rating. We feel very good about our financial strength, and we're pretty conservative management team as well. Anything is possible, but we're not out to the lever of the holding company with just APS as a sole provider of dividends to the parent.
James R. Hatfield: View on bonus appreciation is, it's not going to change our view on our CapEx program. I mean we have obligation to serve and what we spend is required to serve. We have not been a taxpayer. Well, that will turn around in the fourth quarter of '14. We'll begin to pay taxes. And if bonus appreciation is not continued, we'll begin to turn around that deferred tax balance and begin to pay taxes again.
James R. Hatfield: The cash impact for us will be -- will push off the ITC been able to realize that from 2015 to 2016. And depending on what they do on bonus appreciation, it could be $50 million to $125 million, whether they do $50 million or $100 million.
James R. Hatfield: We always describe it as rate based growth of 6% to 7%. Before dividend growth of 4% and earnings somewhere in between, and I think the 4% to 5% just represents our confidence and our ability to execute. Those would still be your bookends from a financial performance perspective.
James R. Hatfield: With our outlook, Phoenix and Arizona continue to be a growth state and provide appropriate regulatory recovery. I think we'll have continued opportunity.
James R. Hatfield: It's just a little bit of a regulatory lag. I think we have about 80% of our CapEx is through some sort of an adjustor -- 40% through an adjustor -- roughly 40% through depreciation. And so we are losing recovery on about 20% of our rate base growth and that sort of your lag going forward, as well as test year expenses versus current year expenses, which represent primarily the increase in DNA property tax and things of that nature.
