Jim Hatfield: Draft IRP is in April. So not sure we would be able to go fully through a process at that point. I think our – remains to be seen exactly how the RFP unfolds. That’s one of the sections in a 80 by 50 is reviewing how we go forward on the IRP. So again, it remains to be seen.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think what we’re seeing is a continual gradual improvement in the overall economy. And exactly when our three-year period rolls into the higher remains to be seen. But I think we saw this quarter sort of the example of a improved economy, and we have a site to a pipeline of a lot of projects in West Phoenix as well, which will continue to build that momentum.
Jim Hatfield: So last year, we injected $150 million from Pinnacle into APS. We expect to do some more here in 2019. Any additional equity that we’ll need can be handled through a draft type of program. And we’re not contemplating a fuller sale at the moment. It won’t – certainly won’t be a lot of additional equity, we’ll need to raise through a dividend or reinvestment.
Jim Hatfield: Well, look, we’re obviously cognizant of the ITC and the timetable there. I think from a renewable right now, nothing planned. Don referred to the battery IRP, which – how the prices tick out, and we’re on discussions now. It would be attached to our utility of solar, be able to – when we have the negative pricing peak the batteries, should be able to provide peaking power later in the day. I think we have to see how this conversation unfolds over the near term before we think about any large-scale renewable bill. At this time, that obviously continues to change as we talk to customers and other things.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I – well, the – there’s a – Prop 127 was a constitutional amendment that was just a rigid. And it was irrespective of cost. I think the value of a commission-driven processes is, you think about claim, you think about reliability, but you also think about affordability. And so that will be a key gauging factor as we move forward will be what can customers afford. And we’re very cognizant of that from a – as we think about CapEx and other things. It’s always how much is this going to cost customers and we’re very mindful of that.
Jim Hatfield: Well, yes. The thing about it is, as you sort of bill as you go forward, and so they come up with a prescriptive plan today that says, this is what we’re going to do, and that’s a value of a more of a commission-driven process.
Jim Hatfield: Correct. But we haven’t applied in the appendix, it sort of shows how that’s been laid out over the course of the year.
Jim Hatfield: Well, certainly, as we look out over our CapEx forecast. I can’t. I won’t comment specifically about 2021 beyond. But as we look at things, for example, battery storage on our 6 megawatts, will that be supplemented in our base CapEx plan? And so don’t know how that takes out. That could be incremental, renewables could be incremental, electric vehicle infrastructure could be incremental. We filed four pilots in the 2018 DSM plan, and we’re waiting to get that from the commission. So how it plays out and when, it’s sort of TBD. But we feel good about our fundamental ability to continue to grow rate base and keep it cost affordable to customers.
Jim Hatfield: Well, we’re recovering the residential through the res surcharge currently. The rest will be just included for recovery on our next rate case.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, it’s Daniel. I think the timing of the informal docket on the energy modernization plan is a little bit ambiguous. And therefore, as it relates to flanging up with the preliminary IRP, we can’t make that call. I think Don put out a press release here a couple of days ago, post-127 bill indicating that we’re going to build on the coalition that works on Prop 127, in terms of trying to shape and formulate what a cleaner energy future looks like for Arizona. So we’ll continue to engage in that space.
Daniel Froetscher: Excuse me, Julien, it’s Daniel. So the downtick in the traditional gen is reflective of the completion of the SCR projects, and a different outage plan for 2019 going forward in terms of number of majors and minors so on and so forth. The uptick in clean gen is a reflection of Palo Verde Generating Station fuel, the clean battery technologies that Jim mentioned, that won’t be determined, if you will, until we settle and make our decision relative to the three RFPs that are out there. But we certainly anticipate some level of investment in that space. And we’ve got a segment with our residential low and moderate income customer base, a program called community solar, within which we are installing and rate basing residential distributed generation rooftop solar on customer rooftops. That’s a multi-year program.
Daniel Froetscher: No. It’s a – major outages at our power plants are cyclical in nature. Certain work is every 3 to 4 years. Certain work is every six to eight years. So this is just a reflection of the normal cyclical nature, if you will, of our major and minor outs.
