Donald E. Brandt: That's right, Greg. We filed this annual filing on July 1 of this year. So this would be the first cycle where we’d be talking about it publicly.
Donald E. Brandt: On the first point, yeah, this would be incremental capital. And I think it’s reflected, 12 is reflected in our QV Arizona Sun too, but it's not a change our statement on equity before 12.
Donald E. Brandt: We’ve taken account of whether, kind of like right up to yesterday and we're seeing a little bit of a rebound. I think for today and tomorrow we're supposed to hit 110 or 111 but then it start cooling down. After this week, it's anybody's guess.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I think it's premature to talk about Navajo. We and the other partners are still in early stages of discussions with EPA and other parties.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. I think when we came into the year, obviously we had a significant increase last year. We plan for a significant increase this year as well as we went through the budget process, we’re now beginning to get looks at the bills and we’re seeing rates that are higher than we thought.
James R. Hatfield: No, no. If you look at sort of what we did with the ranges, we increased operating expenses by approximately $10 million to reflect the increased property tax at this point.
James R. Hatfield: And we reduced interest expense by about $5 million, keep in mind these are ranges, to reflect lower interest expense for the year.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we always try to make post test year adjustments and we’ll certainly look at any operating expenses on a measurable and try to account for that.
James R. Hatfield: And Dan, I'll say that you keep in mind that May, June, July all big summer months for us. We are sort of down and not a whole lot of time left to offset this.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I don't think you can just try to add the two together and get exactly the seven-month impact. But the implication of it is, July was below normal. I don't have the stats yet but we do get daily weather statistics – or sales statistics and we know we're under from what would be normal weather.
James R. Hatfield: The Arizona Sun 2 is a piece of the incremental renewable power we need to meet the standard we agreed to on 2015.
James R. Hatfield: That's correct. And it's also consistent with our settlement, with set rates and affect no earlier than July 1, ’12.Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, right, right. And the AZ Sun II Program, also just to be clear on that, I think I heard you on this, but just to be clear. So that CapEx that you would spend which you have not I guess budgeted today, would not offset some other spending, this would all be incremental and could be absorbed based on your liquidity and cash flows et cetera.
