James R. Hatfield: No. I think we've laid out our story pretty effectively. Just a couple points, Kevin. One, we performed very well in 2012 and was able to get to top end of our guidance. We set our guidance range last November, and we got a lot to execute throughout the year. And it's a little early to be changing guidance when we have all summer ahead of us, which is really where we make our money.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, it's really just the delay in the Four Corners transaction. Assuming a mid-year close, in the 6-month or short rate cycle, as opposed to getting the rate increase July 1, '13, it will be more like January 1, '14. So it really reflects nothing but Four Corners. Nothing else has really changed.
James R. Hatfield: Well, what we've been talking about is rate base growth of 6% should lead to net income growth somewhere lower than 6%. And if you will, the dividend growth is sort of the floor, so to speak, on what we think is possible over the next few years.
James R. Hatfield: No, I think probably the biggest thing is -- Sarah, is we have some technical workshops now on the impact of net metering, and that will be ongoing through the first half of the year. Other than that, they're like any commission who's looking at the impact to consumers of everything that's going on.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. It's specific to SunCor, and it really is part of the final wind-down through bankruptcy of SunCor.
James R. Hatfield: No. We obviously always have aspirations for higher credit ratings, but we're very happy the BBB level. It's probably at or slightly above average for the industry as a whole. And with the BBB+, we have more room, so to speak, than we had when we were BBB or BBB-. So certainly would not issue equity with the stated goal of trying to raise the credit rating.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have 118 megawatts under development, 69 of which were in service at the end of the year. And we're in development currently of another 49 megawatts, as Don mentioned. And then beyond '13, we'll continue to work on the renewable energy plan, which needs to be approved by the commission.
James R. Hatfield: That's right. And we expect that you'll get acceleration throughout the '13 to '15 period with higher growth at the end to get to an average.
James R. Hatfield: We'll need to sign a coal contract with the Nation now that they have the mine, and then it will be normal closing preparation and then closing.
James R. Hatfield: Well, our settlement kept the docket open for the treatment of Four Corners upon acquisition, and that calls for the deferral during a period of time where we file and get rates into effect. I wouldn't call it a single issue rate case, but there's already been an adjudication of the Four Corners purchase prior to that. So, I mean, it'll be focused on just bringing Four Corners in.
