Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. So part of the discussion that has happened out here, is when you make a more structural change in rate design to be more sustainable, you do that in a general rate case filing. And so that would be part of, normally you go through revenue requirement phase and then rate design is the second phase of the filing. And so I think that's what we're expecting to happen right now.
Jeff Guldner: Charles, this is Jeff. Remember, we've got about half our customers on time use rates, and we're also one of the only utilities in the country that has a significant amount of residential customers on a demand rate, and so we've got about 10% of our customers today on a residential demand rate with time of use. And so we certainly are going to be involved in the proceeding in Tucson and watching that, but we have historically had different rate structures than both TEP and SRP. And so we'll watch it, and we'll see if -- there's obviously procedural things we'll want to be paying attention to, and conceptual stuff that we'll be talking about.
Jeff Guldner: Ali, it's Jeff. Originally, we had asked for an August implementation date. Now, the process would be if the ALJ issues a recommended decision that says -- and the commission decides based on that decision, the ALJ will issue a proposed decision, the commission will presumably hear it at an open meeting, and then the decision would be if you move forward, you're going to have a proceeding after that. So that's going to push it into later in the year, at least.
Jim Hatfield: We're not, Dan, seeing a big increase in distribution spend currently as we are queuing up for the market, but keep in mind that there are lots out there that are already improved, meaning they have basic services already installed. We think that the beginning of the customer growth will take relatively less capital, although as the inventory builds, we will have to move up distribution capital, and hope to capture as much of that in the next rate case as we can.
Jim Hatfield: In terms of the guidance for this year, I really see four key elements of driving growth in the second half. First of all, our adjuster mechanisms, so we'll see a higher benefit year-over-year from LFCR. Obviously, Four Corners came in this year, Arizona Sun, as we complete projects in metro Phoenix, and then the TCA will be higher as we look toward accruing a FY16 filing. We expect to see positive usage in the second half, year over year. We are, as I said in my remarks, we have moved a fossil outage so we expect O&M to be down, as we have less planned maintenance in the fossil fleet this year. And then, we expect the interest savings to continue throughout the year. So that's really what's driving the second half of the year. In terms of weather, I'd say this. If you remember 2011, we were $30 million other under on weather in the second quarter. We reduced guidance, and we made it all back in the third quarter. So weather is what it is. We'll continue to manage those factors I just mentioned.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think if you remember, as we file every year at FERC, we plan what the next fiscal year is, and we can accruing that increase as we're earning it throughout the year. The big issue in the May true up was really the late passage of the deferred tax which reduced rate base and reduced our ask, so that was a catch-up adjustment. Every year we've had catch-up adjustments, most of the time, they're very minimal. This just happened to be a bigger adjustment than we normally have.
Jim Hatfield: I would comment on pipeline in terms of our partnership with Berkshire. Much like DCR, which we're very disappointed we didn't win after working four years on that development, on that subject I would say that us and our partners are very proud of our disciplined approach, but there's other opportunities in the pipeline much like DCR. DCR was an economic project. Much of the other we're pursuing at this point will be reliability type projects. And so I would say our partnership continues, and we're pursuing other types of transactions.
Jim Hatfield: Distribution, we pulled about -- a few million dollars from distribution into 2016 from 2017, and with the Ocotillo being delayed a year, we pushed back a little generation to 2017. All in all, I think if you look and those all up, the projection for the three years has not changed. It's really been cash flow between years.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. But again, you have to weather normalize the quarters. In both the first two years of this year and the last two quarters of this year, and last two quarters of last year.
Jim Hatfield: Well, as we build our forecast for 2015, we expected we'd see acceleration of customer growth and sales growth throughout the year. So as we look to the second half of the year, we would expect sales growth to be higher than the first half of the year. And what materializes, we'll wait and see, but we feel pretty confident that we'll be between 0% and 1% sales growth.
Jim Hatfield: We'll certainly look at our credit metrics. And we'll look at where we are in the regulatory cycle, obviously, with the rate case filing in 2016. But we're sitting here today with an equity ratio at APS of about 56%. Very strong balance sheet, so we have a lot of flexibility in financing our CapEx program with long-term debt.
Jim Hatfield: It's weather. It's also transmission. And keep in mind, we would have had originally all of the Four Corners rate increase that we got about $8 million less, so we incorporated that in this quarter as well.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. We've realized significant interest savings in the first half of the year net of AFUDC. So we expect that to continue.
Jim Hatfield: We booked the true-up adjustment in May. So I would think of it more as a one-time. In that regard, it will flow-through to FY16, but we're also booking on top of that reduction, the increase we expect to file in FY'16. So net-net, it's a positive for us.
Jim Hatfield: Okay. What we'll do, we'll take it off line and we'll have Paul call you after the call and walk you through the timing of our PPA.
Jim Hatfield: We have a couple of significant PPAs rolling off by 2020. We have the 515 megawatts at Gila River in 2016. And then we have a toll on Arlington through the summer of 2019. Obviously, we'll have to -- we'll look at how we replace those that capacity in the context of our reserve margin, and we feel like we have great optionality as we move forward, as it relates to a PPA or some other outcome.
Jim Hatfield: So what passed the Senate, which would be a two-year extension is approximately $200 million of cash, and you can think of about $100 million a year that we would realize from the extension of bonus depreciation.
Jim Hatfield: It has not changed from the prior guidance. Obviously this year, it's 0% to 1%, 0.5% to 1.5% by definition means just acceleration through 2017 of growth.
Jim Hatfield: I think the Cal ISO cited that Abengoa Starwood partnership would have the lowest revenue requirement over the life of the project. It's simply a cost and I guess as we look at what we did in the four years of development, we're very comfortable with our process, and our bid. And we are not going to go out and buy projects, just for the sake of buying projects. We're going to continue to focus on earning a strong return on a project that we can comfortably site and build in the timeframe and a dollar amount we bid.
Don Brandt: We'll be looking at that as this pilot program folds out over the next couple months. Certainly a potential opportunity.
Don Brandt: I don't think it's a very good proxy. Their service territories are very much different. The sources of generation and traditionally, the rate design has been significantly different in Tucson than across APS. Jeff may be able to add a little more color to that.
Don Brandt: No. So we don't follow the California process. That's not done here. We do an IRP, so there's an IRP where we talk about it. And then we follow essentially best practices when we're out doing procurement of power resources. But it's not like it's strictly regulated. It's like the California process.
Don Brandt: Thanks. This is Don. Let me underscore what Mark said here, both we and our partner at Berkshire are very disciplined in this approach. And we're here to make thoughtful investment decisions, and not to buy a project. And this is one of many to come.
