James R. Hatfield: On the first question, what we've ask for in or will ask for in this rate case is an infrastructure adjust of whatever the time once have been, assuming we are successful on getting that and a late third quarter close Fore Corners in 2012, it would be relatively short timeframe from a regulatory lag perspective, half of the year or less depending upon the timing. So that would be a fairly quick recovery of the cost. In terms of the $300 million an environmental, we would expect that we’ll begin spending that and planning for the 12, 13 timeframe and the spin would be sort of 14 to 16 timeframe. 
James R. Hatfield: Well, the Tyra will be doing by, I think Don said 2015, so that would be in that. If 15, it’s complete you expect a couple of years of planning and few expenditure or so. 
James R. Hatfield: To give you a relative value Kevin, I think Four Coroners 4 and 5 from a cost per megawatt hour basis about 15% less what the comparable capacity factor. So, that's the magnitude. 
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think you're exactly right Ali and that we – the purposes of our equity issuance are to calibrate the capital structure for ratemaking purposes. When we look at the Four Corners transaction, these are the other sort of requirements for capital, it’s just an incremental capital requirements. So we would not do two transactions to satisfy that, we'd look at, sort of just incremental on top of what was planned.Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, okay. Thank you.
James R. Hatfield: Fine, thank. We've had ongoing dialogue with the stakeholders since probably middle of last year in terms of coming up to this case, filing this case is no secret. It was really contemplated by all the parties in my opinion from the last settlement. The feedback we've gotten has been consistent throughout the process, we've been talking about decoupling, we've been talking about some sort of mechanism, that recover cost in the years were not in a rate case. So, I think we've had very good dialogue with the stakeholders at this point. As I go into the case, I think you're probably, any time in go-forward rating, base rate increase, there is always some... [Technical Difficulty]
James R. Hatfield: Correct. It's really stepping just the timing of the plant outages and based on the plant life cycle.
James R. Hatfield: We don't do that Jim and I'll tell you why and the first quarter was a great demonstration of that. In the first and fourth quarters of the year with timing of outages and things like and it materially skews these quarters.Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Right.
James R. Hatfield: So we just look at our annual basis.Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: I understand. And then just one modeling type question. What was the quarter end rate base? You guys are handy.
James R. Hatfield: I haven't looked at that, but my guess would be that it’s about 6.5 billion roughly.Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Thanks. That's all I have.
James R. Hatfield: Brian, we’ve had ongoing dialogue as you know since middle of last year with the stakeholders and in fact filing on June 1 like we planned to do, its not a surprise to anybody and it was contemplated coming out in the settlement in 2009. Since middle of last year, we’ve been talking to the parties about the need of decoupling, and in fact we got our commission files in December 5. We’ve talked about our need to whether its infrastructure tracker whatever you want to call, the ability to collect additional revenue in the – when we are in for a rate case, I will say the significant infrastructure spend. We talked about line extension and the things we have to do there and change of policy and we had 18 months post issuer plan and I think everybody sort of assumed that model works for purposes of the settlement. So I think all along, the dialogue has been very constructive, very healthy, nothing new to anybody in this case. So all in all I would say the dialogue has been very positive.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we haven't talked about 2012 at this point and so I'm going to hold on from that. I'll will just point back to – we've been fairly flat from an operating cost perspective over the last couple of years and our goal is to continue to focus on cost efficiency.Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management:  Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Brandt: We think the plants are very competitive and they are very critical from a job standpoint. Here in Arizona, the state as a whole and particularly to the Navajo Nation, the Four Corners plant and the coalmine adjacent to the plant generate about 60% of the revenues for the Navajo Nation's general fund.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Kevin, I can't speak for whether the commissioner’s are going to see for the election, that's going to be up to them. I think the general consensus thought as they will. And we've kind of give a lot of thought to the timing spent of this case and the accelerated nature of this compared to prior our cases, which we addressed as part of the settlement of the few years ago and I think that will be to our advantage going into this case.
Donald E. Brandt: Jim. I might, its Don, I might add for the first quarter, we're dead on with our plan and I don't know if that will help you, but, Jim, when he referenced slide nine, you want to make sure your – for Q2 and Q3 particularly that differential between the fossil O&M in 2010 compared to the projected levels in 2011.Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: That I figured out, but appreciate the color.
