Jeff Guldner: Yes, Shar. It's a great question because it really highlights, I think, the disconnect that we've got to work on between now and filing the next rate case and then prosecuting that case of the challenges you just identified, which is we're in one of the highest growths, if not the highest growth service territory in the country, which means that we're spending more capital. We're investing more than we've ever done in the history of the company. And yet in the last rate case, we received the lowest return on equity basically any utility in the country. And those two just don't – they don't gel together. I mean, that doesn't – that's the disconnect that we have to work with our regulators to help make sure that they understand that the challenges we have, the need to access capital markets, the need to maintain positive credit ratings is critical for us to be able to meet this growth. And with the tightening capacity markets in the West as we invest in new technologies, again, you can look at that risk profile as you just suggested and say that suggests the need for a higher return on equity than if it was just pipes and poles and wires. And so the environment that we're in, which is driving significant capital investment by us and need to access those financial markets requires that regulatory support and at least a healthy return on equity and cost recovery structure because we've got to be able to recover the cost of those investments and not turn that growth into a negative. So I think that's a good observation.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Shar. I think you know that there's been some tension between the commission, the legislature for a while and it's important to remember in Arizona, the commission's authority over ratemaking is constitutional authority. So there's not a lot that the legislature could do, if anything around rate making. And so we don't really have a position on any of the bills that are out with the legislature now. As I said, our focus is really on ensuring that we have the dialogue with the stakeholders and with the commission to ensure that the connection between the growth that we're seeing and the need to access the financial markets to support the investment to drive that growth and continue to grow Arizona. That we can make that connection and that we can improve the regulatory structure. We've had good examples. Post test year plant, there has been other mechanisms, the commission has adopted that have supported recovery of investments outside of a purely historical test year rate case. And so our focus is really on engaging with the stakeholders of the commission and the commission and the staff to make sure that we're explaining the need that we have, and frankly, the challenges that we have going forward.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. No, Paul, I don't think it's a gating issue. In terms of the time line that happens. We do have more clarity now in the sense that there's not a special action. The special action would have had a quicker clock on it than the Court of Appeals action. The Court of Appeals appeal, if you look at kind of other cases, typically is a year or more. The next milestone in that Court of Appeals case is April 11. And that's when opening briefs are due and then I think it's 40 days after that, you see responding briefs to it, and they're talking about intervenors right now. And so that case is going to continue to progress, and so as we file midyear this year, those two will overlap certainly, but they're not – neither is gating to the other.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. It's possible. I mean that – again, a lot of it depends on the timing. You've got two different timing variables there. So it's difficult to say how they're going to exactly interface. But if the – if the Court of Appeals came back with the ruling, most likely that's going to be a remand to the commission anyway, if the rate case is pending, then there's a potential that you could pick that up in the then pending rate case. And so a lot of it is just going to be fluid as both those cases progress.
Jeff Guldner: No. I don't – we really don't this early in the case. But again, we'll keep people posted as the case progresses.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, that's – David, that's certainly part of the conversations that we're having. Again, we're early in that, but that's one of the key areas of focus for us.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Shar, this is Ted. I'll just add to that, that we fully recognize that the sales growth, customer growth is tremendous in our service territory. We've said that for a long time, and the fundamentals are coming through as predicted. But we also recognize that that growth is only as good as our ability to recover the cost and investments needed to support that growth. And so that's certainly a key focus for us as we look forward to continue to work with stakeholders and our regulator. Good news is we haven't raised base rates since 2017. And in fact, through our cost management effort, rates are lower today. The average bill is lower today than it was in the 2017 outcome of that last rate case. We think we've got the ability to be able to recover these costs and still focus on affordability for our customers.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Insoo, good question. And you're right, that's relatively conservative because we put a lot of effort into prioritizing the projects and investments needed to both maintain reliability in the grid and keep up with customer expansion. And as our customer growth continues to exceed our expectations that puts even more pressure on the capital budget. We've got it set at those levels because we are very focused on trying to maintain affordability for customers and target a reasonable level of future rate increases, certainly levels that as we said before, are at or below inflation. But as customer growth continues to be robust, that's more and more challenging. So we're still focused on trying to balance the capital budget with affordability, but we'll just continue to monitor that as the service territory expands and as we continue to procure the resources needed to serve that growth in the future.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Insoo, I think it's been constructive. And so we have been able to engage and frankly, it's been good since we've been ex-parte essentially the entire time I've been CEO. And coming out of ex-parte is important. And again, the conversations are around the discussion we had here on the phone, the importance of the regulatory construct that we have in Arizona, given the growth and the transition is happening around the west in decarbonization. There's also been, I think, good discussions about the current western market, and as you know, we're very tight right now in the West. There's not a lot of excess capacity, and we're going to have challenges moving forward across this entire region of dealing with both the growth, but then also the transition, putting significant amounts of battery storage in. And so a lot of this has been just making sure that our point of view on the changes that are happening in the system, the opportunities to expand Western markets, and again, the need to be able to invest to meet the growth is all well understood by all of the stakeholders that we work with and by the commission.
Ted Geisler: Well, Anthony, this is Ted. We don't get into details of the rate case strategy at this time, but we'll be sure to go through those details once we file the case.
Ted Geisler: Yes, fair question, Anthony. It's difficult to predict any more granular than that range beyond 2024. But I will say if you look at the fundamentals of our service territory for a long period of time in history we've traditionally always had higher growth compared to really most other service territories. And the fundamentals that we're seeing right now in our service territories suggests that you're going to continue to have long-term robust growth, whether it be the jobs that are created, the diversification within the economy here. It wasn't that long ago we were heavily dependent on purely construction and tourism. As of right now, manufacturing jobs are actually outpacing construction jobs within the state. So we've got a lot of good trends that suggest to long-term growth that could support that level or maybe even higher. But at this point, we're focused on that 3.5% to 4.5% between 2022 and 2024. And we feel confident in that range because we can point to projects and customers that we know with certainty are locating here.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Good question, David. We are experiencing delays in certain areas, whether it be materials or some of the projects that we have procured. We don't believe any are causing any significant impact, but it's really an impact on timing adjusting from one-month to another within the same year. We don't anticipate any impact on the capital program.
