James R. Hatfield: Greg, great question. No impact on the 2011 rate case for this reason. We are currently sitting with an NOL, so we cannot claim for tax purposes the bonus depreciation. As a result of that, and because we'll claim it in future years, we have an offsetting tax receivable which essentially wipes out the tax for rate based calculation.
James R. Hatfield: Well, obviously the cash benefit's going to be very helpful from a need to raise capital perspective. I’d just point out that we've assumed 2012 because under the current schedule it's another test year and the equity would need to be injected to keep the capital structure fairly consistent. I'll point out, however, if for whatever reason that's not a test year, I would not see us issuing equity in 2012.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I'll give you one scenario that's possible. Looking back on the last, let's say we settled the case and we stay out longer, maybe the test year is 2013. So my only point is, the premises are it’s really based on the regulatory capital structure, more so than a need to raise capital.
James R. Hatfield: Sure. From a cost perspective, I mean, the initiatives going into ’11 are not different than initiatives coming into ’10. It continues to be supply chain where we had a very good performance in 2010 that positively impacted both O&M and capital and working capital. We continue with just improving the efficiency of our operating models and fossil IT, shared services and delivery and obviously, Palo Verde continues to perform very well from a cost perspective. So those are not different than we had in ’10 and those will be the same things we continue to focus on as we go beyond ’11.
James R. Hatfield: No, not really, Dan. I would couch our savings as inline with expectations. Again, it's not just slashing costs to the bone. It's really focusing on are we cost effective and how we're delivering our services to our customers.
James R. Hatfield: Michael, if you assume an infrastructure adjustor in this rate case and you assume a fourth quarter closing of the acquisition, under the infrastructure adjustor as sort of envisioned, you would get recovery in 2013. There’d be a little bit of lag because you would have to close your books and true-up your rate base and those sort of things, but that would be sort of the timing of that. Environmentally, you’d have to put things into service and so we may start spend in ‘12, ‘13 and it would be a matter of getting into service the following year or sometime after that.
James R. Hatfield: The ROE in 2010 was 9.2%, so low 9. The ROE range and the guidance in ’11 is just under 9. It's really reflective of two things, the continued growth to equity as we continue to retain earnings in the business.
James R. Hatfield: Nothing I envision at this point. Our audits are closed through 2007, only eight is outstanding at the moment. So, no, there's nothing I see that's going to drive it below the 34. On that subject, I will say on a go-forward basis, I would see our tax in the 34% to 35% effective tax rate being driven largely by the VIE inclusion in the balance sheet FAS 167, which effectively lowers our tax rate.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I see sort of several things, which are plus and minuses. Obviously, from a gross margin perspective, we were impacted by weather by about $8 million to the negative. We do see AZ Sun, which we said is about $0.03 or $0.04. We do see another TCA increase in the middle of the year. And customer growth and slightly more Schedule 3, we ended up with about $19 million Schedule 3 in 2010 and we see that slightly higher ‘11. On an operating expense perspective, I mean, O&M is essentially flat year-over-year, keep in mind, we have a pension deferral in 2011, which helps on that side of the ledger, offset by higher depreciation and property tax and then just a little lower effective tax rate.
James R. Hatfield: Yeah, and Don, I just like to add to that, from a push back perspective the fact, you still have a pretty weak economy. You’re always going to get push back on raising prices, that's just the nature of the business.
James R. Hatfield: Well, the fuel rate embedded in the 2009 settlement is $3.76 and our gas hedges, since they’re longer term hedges, continue to fall from an average price going forward. The benefit we received in the fourth quarter on lower fuel is about $0.02. So we’re getting some benefit but not a significant benefit from a fuel perspective.
James R. Hatfield: No. I would just point out that the ranges are just ranges around a current point forecast that are there to provide leeway one way or the other. We may hit the top end of one line item and the lower end of the other line item throughout the year. So that’s how we approach sort of the ranges.
James R. Hatfield: That's correct. We see a slight rebound in ‘11 just based on the fact that the, we've had a very weak economy and we’ve seen consumer conservation top of mind because of the economy. So you get somewhat of a rebound effect, so-to-speak, in ‘11. But beyond that, we expect that usage is going to be slightly negative.
James R. Hatfield: No, it's really the impact of energy efficiency offsetting any sort of customer growth that you get on the system.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I mean, I'm not trying to be critical. I'm just wondering how you get your mind around a set of variables and sort of scenario analysis and get comfortable with that and is that a conservative baseline, are you really comfortable that's sort of the most likely outcome.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Greg, you're exactly right. That's what we're driving towards is earning our allowed rate of return and as you point out, put aside the historic test year. What we're looking at here proposing are vehicles that help cure the regulatory lag and the impact of a historic test year from the infrastructure tracker to post test year plant additions which we were very successful with in the last settlement, 2009, and we see these as vehicles to help continue that trend.
Donald E. Brandt: No, not necessarily. Dan, I think issues like the line extension policy, there's likely to be changes in that in the future, I think, as part of the rate case and we've clearly telegraphed that. I mean, after the revenue treatment that's currently in effect for related to line extensions, once that's completed its course with the conclusion in the next rate case, we're somewhat indifferent on line extension policy, but we also are in the position. We think the best position to give the Commission some pretty good advice what makes the most sense for our customers and the different constituencies, including the homebuilders and realtors that are very interested in it. And we're going to be coming forth with a pretty constructive solution that I think will address those matters.
Donald E. Brandt: Yeah, Dan, there is some book value. It was being depreciated to 2016 on one, two and three, and/or ask at the Commission is to recover those costs as part of this Four Corners acquisition. So if granted I wouldn't see an impact financially from closing those early.
Donald E. Brandt: It's not something we talk about, Michael. Obviously, with the Triple B minus credit rating we're really focused on improving FFO to debt and debt-to-capital from the rating agency perspective. I don't think on a long-term basis that would be something that would benefit shareholders.
Donald E. Brandt: In the quarter-on-quarter we saw about 1.1%, which pretty much mirrored the reduction in sells generally, and so as we go forward what we expect, usage to be written to more normalized levels from a per customer basis, but increased in energy efficiency is going to totally offset that.
Donald E. Brandt: 1.5% has been take off through energy efficiency. We’re seeing any sort of usage for customer offset totally by the energy efficiency programs.
Donald E. Brandt: First, we get out there on 12, we obviously see growth rates improving, we are more of historical layers on that sort of economy, but we also see energy efficiency increasing as well. So we’ll positive sales growth, but it’s going to be offset to a large degree by these programs. So we do see positive growth going forward beyond ‘12.
Donald E. Brandt: I guess I’d couch it this way. Based on our current schedule, ‘12 is a test year so if I close this in late ‘12 when we don't have the infrastructure tracker, it would be lag based on just whatever time frame it takes to adjudicate a case if it goes that route. I don’t think four and five impacts are ask in anyway because our ask was going to be the same without Four Corners four and five.
Donald E. Brandt: Greg, Don Brandt here. I'll add to Jim's comment there on energy efficiency. At least in the first few years, it's I think relatively easy to predict it. There's a lot of low-hanging fruit. As we get further out on that time spectrum, it becomes a little less of the low-hanging fruit and more complicated and revolves around customers changing usage and habits and that as Jim says we essentially are forecasting what the models say will happen, whether in fact it does is something that probably has a significantly greater margin of error in bottom line, we want to do what's most cost effective for our customers as we proceed down the energy efficiency path.
Donald G. Robinson: Ali, this is Don Robinson. Yeah, all of the items that you saw on the slide have pretty much been discussed with the parties and the stakeholders of the case. I'm guessing ROE's always an issue in a rate case, so there's no surprise there. Probably the other potential one is an infrastructure tracker and how that plays out, although, it’s just an expansion of the environmental tracker we already have in place. So none of these are new issues or surprises to the parties with case.
Donald G. Robinson: Daniele, this is Don Robinson. We have more than enough already in place to meet the settlement requirements that we have and we're well on track to exceed the requirement of the rules themself. We will continue to try and have primarily ownership interest in new plants as we go forward. The initial plan is to continue to finish out the rest of Arizona Sun and then we'll see what the market is out there and what our needs are.
Donald G. Robinson: Absolutely. We're going to be working with the Commission and with our customers to see how far they want to go with solar.
Donald G. Robinson: No, we have plans continuing to expand our solar interest. It's as we continue to look – go forward, we'll be looking at them on an individual case-by-case assumption. We'll be including them as part of our renewable plan that we file with the commission each year.
Donald G. Robinson: Now, we're expanding the coal generation by 179 megawatts of base load. Coal is base load, renewables are not. They're intermittent, so they are not a trade-off and they’re not going to change our overall sales, it’s just going to change where the generation is coming from.
Donald G. Robinson: Well, Greg, I would approach the answer in this way. As a utility we're generally conservative in nature. We do have history with rebounds. I mean if you look at the Arizona economy historically we go through these cycles. So we can go back and look at what's happened generally speaking. And on the energy efficiency, we can only assume what's in the energy efficiency standard comes to provision and we put these all together and that becomes our forecast going forward. I mean, I wish, I could say it's going to be stronger, but the economy's still weak here and that's sort of what we're seeing.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: I guess my first question was on Four Corners four and five. Just what’s the game plan if you were not to get an infrastructure tracker in the rate case? I guess what kind of lag issues may crop up? And then I guess in the same vein, does that purchase hurt your chances of reaching a settlement because I would think that not getting an infrastructure tracker would be kind of a needed thing for a settlement.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Okay. So basically hopefully you'll that the commission will be constructive or a settlement will be constructive and you'll get some sort of tracking mechanism. If not, there maybe some lag in ‘13 but that should be picked up in the next rate case.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Okay. Fair enough. So, but I guess just to pull that through, in ’11 you’re assuming maybe a modest benefit from that savings, but not material and then obviously, in your next rate case you're asking just to go back to 100% PSA to kind of get rid of any of that mismatch.
