James Hatfield: It will not affect the math on the equity issue - issuance. What we have is really the ability to finance our capital structure within the 54% equity component through the issuance of fixed income securities.
James Hatfield: The underlying cash flow. We currently project that the equity component for rate-making purposes at APS will be 54% at the end of the year, which is consistent with the capital structure in our last case.
James Hatfield: Well, I think, with more multi-family homes and then the housing, you have a longer lag between sort of permits and actual customers. So, we still believe the pipeline is robust and we’ll hit our numbers.
James Hatfield: Well, as you know, we haven’t talked specifically about earnings growth except you would expect it somewhere between rate base growth and dividend growth. So again 6% to 7%, to 5% the total would be your parameters.
James Hatfield: Well, 2014 dropped slightly so that’s your starting point, and you have Ocotillo pushed to 2018 and 2019. So all you’ve really done is changed the timing of your cash flows on a year-over-year basis, you end up at the same spot.
James Hatfield: I don’t know that we could actually predict what’s going to happen the rest of the year. I think we don’t - certainly we certainly don’t see any slowdown in residential rooftop in Arizona at this point.
James Hatfield: Yes, I mean that’s essentially what you’re seeing, and so you’re going to continue to see the rate making cost shift be around that $65 to $70 range. And so this is going to mitigate a relatively small proportion of that. But right now, within that framework, that’s the mitigation that we’ve got between now and the next rate case because the additional cost shifting, if you’re going to pick that up is more than likely going to be in the context of a rate design change than a rate case.
Donald Brandt: No. But Dan, I’d - good question. I’d emphasize Jim’s qualifier on 2017 at the earliest. Without - no, that’s not a placeholder for rate case at that point in time. And it probably would be, if there was equity in 2017 or beyond, it would be to true-up the cap structure for rate case, which conceivably could be beyond 2017, but maybe a year or two.
Donald Brandt: Well, we have obviously Four Corners. As we go out into the other years, you have pickup in transmission and distribution spend for the most part.
Donald Brandt: I’m not sure there’s a dramatic difference. I think the Commission today is focused on the current environment and creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona, and working with us and the other utilities in a constructive fashion. Times change and the Commission is adapted to it, and I think they are doing it in a very constructive way.
Donald Brandt: Yes, I actually, I’ll start with the last first. We’ve had one of the largest smart meter deployments in the nation on a per customer. We have all but a small fraction of our residential customers on smart meters.
Donald Brandt: Yes. Metering is not an issue. And I think 99.9% of commercial customers have demand reading meters, also.
Donald Brandt: I believe we’re one of only two utilities in the nation that had a demand rate for residential customers before recent times. I think it’s like 110,000 customers are on that.
Donald Brandt: I don’t know much about other’s territories other than what I read in the paper on that here locally. But, right after - shortly after the SRP decision, which shifted from, I’ll say, the conventional metering protocol to more demand based, there was an article in our local paper - and Jim or Paul could shoot you the link to that - about some of the local installers who, I know from my conversations with them, knew long term the current construct was not sustainable. And they came back, and they’re looking at using batteries to install in customers’ homes along with solar, and to be able to shift the solar production from maybe midday, just a few hours, to cover the real peak hours, which is the issue we have. The reality is that solar production’s more towards the midday and diminishes significantly by about 4 o’clock. Our actual peak and the peak in the area - so, it would be the same for a solar project - is typically in the 4:30 to 7:30 timeframe. Mark can probably add a little more to the technical side of that.
Jeffrey Guldner: Dan, this is Jeff Guldner. We obviously don’t think it will. One of the things to consider with that is, when we went to the $0.70 charge that was static. And there was originally a proposal in the recommended order they were considering at the time that would step that up as installations continued, and we continued to meet the distributed energy carve-out in the RPS. And essentially, if we would have followed that, if that would have been adopted and we would have followed that, we would be at the $3 charge. So the challenge right now is that, when you don’t adjust that charge and you’ve got no upfront incentives, every time there is a cost reduction on the installed cost to solar we are not able to capture that. And so we’re paying too much today for the solar that’s going in our territory.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. So, Ali, this is Jeff Guldner. So the grid access charge was an interim step. And so, the filing that we made was fairly limited and it was within the context of the case that was addressed in 2013. And so we stayed within that framework and went up to the level of a grid access charge that was supported in that decision, which was the $3 a lot level, all that is interim. All it does is, when that - revenues are collected under that, they go into a balancing account that reduces the amount of the cost shift, and that basically offsets about four times the cost shift that we are seeing today. That’s different from the structural rate design issues, which is a more long-term issue. So that we expect to be addressed in the rate case, and we expect there to be continued discussions around rate design, as we lead up to the rate case. And you are also seeing now more debate around the region. California has got a proposed decision out. All those are talking about the long-term ways to address the cost shifting issue. But that’s very different from the grid access charge. There is an oral argument that will be heard in our case in June, on June 12, and we’ll get more visibility after that oral argument as to how that case will proceed. Staff is recommending that nothing happen in a - occur in a rate case, but we’ve pointed out that what’s happening is, we’re continuing to see that cost shift and it’s building up in front of that next rate case. And without doing something like this, you are not going to see the cost shift addressed until you come out of the next rate case.
Jeffrey Guldner: So what we’re looking at right now is, we would be beginning stakeholder outreach here in the summer, working towards filing with a 2015 test year, making the filing in mid-2016.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, we’ve sort of assumed, again, getting a rate case done within that 12-month window that we’ve been able to do, that we were able to accomplish in 2011 and 2012 when we actually did it in 10.5 months.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, we’ll certainly look at what we earn and where allowed ROEs are. But I think one key component of 2016 is really addressing the cost shift. And so you’d have to look at the pros and cons and the con would be you are just - you are not addressing the cost shift.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, if you look at home affordability right now, you have very low interest rates and very high rents. That tells us that homebuilding will begin again, home buying will continue to go up. And I think that would echo what the local homebuilders are also saying. Traffic is up significantly, rebates have stabilized. And so we see that cycle beginning to pick up a bit.
Jeffrey Guldner: This is Jeff again. So the partial decoupler in there includes distributed energy right now. So, what we’d be looking at in the next case is how do we adjust that. Our proposal would be to adjust that to pick up more of it, make sure that we’re fully capturing it. Right now it doesn’t pick up the full effect.
Jeffrey Guldner: Right. So, if you change the fixed cost and grid access charge, right now it just credits that account. So it credits the revenues that come under that lost fixed cost recovery mechanism, is what it’s called. If you go out into future rate case, if you do rate design changes that changes the effect of the decoupler. So, if you’re decoupling but you’re recovering more fixed costs, your variable costs are what drives the coupling mechanism, those would be lower.
Jeffrey Guldner: Charles, we also have over 100,000 customers on really a demand charge now - residential. So, we probably have one of the largest deployment of residential demand in the country.
Jeffrey Guldner: Dan, this is Jeff. We always look at both what’s happened around the country and what other mechanisms are working. Just remember, in some of the post test year plan adjustments and other things that the Commission staff, RUCO and others here have been very forward-looking with, have been very effective in terms of actually bringing more certainty than in some cases you would get with a future test year where you start looking at predictions. So we’re able to do really well, I think, in catching those mechanisms up to plan at the end of the conclusion of a rate case. But obviously we continue to look at that. And that’s part of these process with stakeholder dialogue, to see what kind of engagement we get from stakeholders on things like that.
Jeffrey Guldner: But the challenge, then, is that customer, they’re losing 20% of the energy production, which is the credit in that metering. And there’s no price signal given to shift it to later in the day for capacity value.
Mark Schiavoni: Brian this is Mark Schiavoni. We do have, as part of the 10-megawatt program we talked about that, we have a component in there of a little over 2 megawatts of storage that we are looking at as part of that. So we are continuing to look at the technologies, so not just solar but also battery storage and other technology that may help the grid perform in the long-term.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, Mark Schiavoni. I think that our application rate has gone up over time, but it does not necessarily mean complete installation down the road. And that’s what we’re trying to better understand, will those applications actually turn into installations.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, I’ll add, I believe we talked about it on the second quarter call, last year, in our discussions with home builders, they’re predicting, and they’ve got a pretty good plot, of the customer, the potential home buyers that walked away from homes and foreclosures and bankruptcy. And depending on what kind of financing they’re using, they couldn’t buy a home up until the point that burns off their credit rating. And they’re expecting that bubble to occur in late 2015 and going on into 2016, 2017 - again, depending on whether it’s conventional or FHA financing.
Mark Schiavoni: This is Mark. Right now, we’re in a process of looking and vetting various customers that are going to be potential for this program. If you recall, part of the program was technology and we want to look at it from an operational side, as well. We’ve been going through the selection process on our feeders, which ones we want to address. We’ve been starting to get in contact with customers - a little over 3,000 customers that we’ve reached out to for potential subscription. The last hurdle we have is working through our inverters and getting a UL listed inverter for this system and we expect that in the next month or so. So from an actual subscription, we’re just in initial phases. We have about 3,000 we’re addressing currently.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, Don stated it correctly. With the solar installations being mostly southward facing to maximize the advantage they have over the current rates and that metering program. That’s why our pilot has been so important, is to look at these 10 megawatts that we’re putting on roofs. We’re using westward facing to better understand our distribution system operations going forward to enable all of the technologies that we may be looking at in the future.
Mark Schiavoni: What everybody’s heard about is the duck curve. That duck curve is lessened, and so depending on the size or how much you have in that direction. But you can gain about 20% from a production standpoint if you face it westward versus southward.
Mark Schiavoni: What we’re saying is, based on where we believe the rate-making capital structure will be at year end for APS, it’s at approximately 34%, which is consistent with the equity of our last case. Therefore, the premise that we need to issue equity to support this capital structure has changed. Couple of factors; one is moving Ocotillo out changes our cash flows, so we don’t need to issue equity until 2017 at the earliest. And then in that case, it would really not be tied to a rate case as much as it would be tied to a source of capital to maintain our rating.
Mark Schiavoni: We think, we’re going to hit our forecast for the year, which is slightly positive sales growth and customer growth around two. We see a pipeline certainly in the multi-family. And believe, based on what we’re seeing in terms of oil prices, and talking to local builders, that there will be a pickup in activity later this year that will be reflected into - and is incorporated in our forecast.
Mark Schiavoni: Kevin, I wasn’t worried. I mean, the first quarter is a shoulder quarter. We’re really going to look to second and third quarter and see is there any trends here that we need to adjust to. So, I think its wait and see in terms of the volatility.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, I think you always see that in the first and fourth quarters, where any sort of anomaly in weather has such a big impact on what we consider normal, that we tend to look at the second and third quarter for - as more trends than the first and fourth, which is consistent with a lot of our numbers in the first and fourth quarter.
