James Hatfield: No, Greg. I – like we said, we’ve had stakeholder meetings on a monthly basis and dialogue is generally being good. I think it’s been a good lively give and take, but I don’t think anything pops to the surface that would indicate a ranking, so to speak, of where peoples’ heads are now.
James Hatfield: Well, I would answer it this way Brian, as we knew in ‘10 we’d have higher rates than ‘09, because valuations were falling. We knew that ‘11 would be higher than ‘10. We try to extrapolate that into booking the number in the second quarter and they came in slightly lighter than we thought. And with the stability in home pricing we’ve been seeing in the last year, we could see an increase in property taxes, but we think the big run-up is behind us over the last couple of years.
James Hatfield: Well, like we said before, our need for equity will be driven by whether or not we have a settlement because that’ll dictate whether or not ‘12 is a test year. And if ‘12 is not a test year, I don’t believe we would issue equity in 2012. I think we’ll be issuing in 2013 at the earliest in that regard. Size-wise we haven’t really talked about size. I would just point out that Don alluded the sale of APS Energy Services and we continue to sell non-regulated and that would continue to reduce the need for equity at the Pinnacle level.
James Hatfield: Well, that’s obviously up to the agencies, but S&P kept us on positive outlook. And I think there is potential implication there, but we’ve had no dialogue with the agencies directly related to the subject.
James Hatfield: The increase in Q3 was $8 billion before the adjustment factor. And the adjustment factor is just an adjustment to a formula that affected prior years.
James Hatfield: Well, Neil, we did but I would point out that just like we did it ratably in the last one, we’ll be opportunistic and you have to do RFPs and you have to find projects that work, that have land, and the permitting is always an issue as we’ve seen. So it will be based on really what the market and availability of projects give us over that timeframe.
James Hatfield: Yeah, no, that’s an annual impact. We now have our assessments in, our bills in for the year, so now we do know our bill. Third quarter we were trying to extrapolate some things we saw from various counties.
James Hatfield: Well, the November 30 date is the date, according to the procedural schedule, that we formally start settlement discussions. That’s since been clarified and said we can start earlier if all the parties choose to. And we have until December 23 when we’ll either file a settlement agreement in the case or we’ll file rebuttal testimony. So we’ll be on dual track in that timeframe.
James Hatfield: Well, as I looked at the customer usage before the call, I saw no particular industry group or driver for commercial sales. So I think it’s broad-based and reflective of just the state of the economy in Arizona. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we’ve seen some economic statistics that have been fairly favorable, noting that we came from pretty far back, and so I don’t expect any real worsening of those sales trends as we move forward.
James Hatfield: Well, there’s no question we’ll have headwinds on pension in 2012 with not only the discount rate, but certainly we look at the screen today and know what asset returns are doing. Now keep in mind we do get to defer a bigger piece of pension in OPEB in 2012 so that it’ll partially offset that. And then what you referred to in 2008 as we had done – we had executed an LDI strategy on the pension plan. And at the end of the year when you had very low treasuries, very high spreads, we ended with a positive return in the pension plan. In fact I think we had the top-performing pension plan in America that year. That plan was removed at the beginning of ‘09 to take the gain, which – so that plan is only partially in place today and will continue to benefit us, but no question we have headwinds.
James Hatfield: No. I think this commission has clearly demonstrated the difference between electric and gas companies in the rate setting process and have further delineated growth utilities from non-growth utilities on the electric side as well. I think the track record clearly points at that.
Donald Brandt: Well, no, I can’t comment on Crystal River or Davis-Besse, Greg. But we don’t have any kind of projects anywhere close to anything like that. We’re doing some construction of like an outage administration building, but literally that’s an office, small office building within the protected area.
Donald Brandt: No, we’ve just completed over the last 10 years, 12 years, 13 years, all the steam generators changed out through the early part of the last decade. And just completed a year or so ago the last reactor head. And unique, we have a hatch that was built in the containment during construction. So there was no cutting concrete. It was just unbolting and opening the hatch. It’s a big project, but there was no cutting into the concrete.
Donald Brandt: Well, Kevin, we haven’t seen anything out of the Commission in that regard to this point. And I’ll add, particularly during the first few years of pursuing energy efficiency, we’re really in the point in time of a lot of low-hanging fruit. And most of the programs we have in place have, besides our subsidies, some pretty quick payback periods for customers. And really it’s been a very favorable response from our customers and the results demonstrate that the programs and processes work.
Donald Brandt: Yeah, a variety. Well, time-of-use rates, weatherization programs, pool pump programs, air-conditioning rebates for higher SEERs. I could go on. We’ve got – you can find most of them on our website, pretty extensive. We think probably one of the most extensive programs in the industry.
