Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Greg, it’s Jeff Guldner. So on the scheduling and settlement, typically you would start looking at that after direct testimonies being filed by other parties and so that’s probably the time you’d first start to get really engaged in settlement discussions with both the staff. I mean obviously you’ll be engaged in discussions along the way, we do and are doing right now technical conferences to help folks understand the filing itself. And so we’ll continue that through the testimony piece. On the other issues obviously rate design have been a pretty major topic in most of the cases and while it’s certainly helpful in seeing what some of those issues are, one of the things I’d be cautious of is all the utilities in the state are coming from a slightly different position. And so you’ve probably seen the UNS order, the recommended orders are out in the UNS case and is proposing a move to TLU rates. We have also suggested in our testimony in that case that they move more towards the demand rates which is similar to our proposal but they are not in the same position as we are. And so one way that we’re viewing that case now is potentially good step in overall rate modernization because they are moving customers on a TLU. We are in a better position with that, that have the customers on TLU and about 11% of the customers on demand rates, residential demand rates today.  And so that’s helpful in seeing what are the issues and discussions are but the cases are all going to be different as they ultimately move forward.
Jeffrey Guldner: Sure Julien, this is Jeff. So one of the ways to think of the difference between demand rates and fixed charges is with the demand rate the customer can still control that. So one of the challenges if folks are just talking about mooting to higher fixed charges, that don’t vary with demand. There is essentially nothing that a customer can do to manage that. And so what we’ve seen with our residential customers who are on a demand rate and particularly with customers who transitioned from a more traditional or a used demand rate is that they actually can do things both behaviorally and with technology that can manage demand.  And so there is a lot of value in moving to something that sends a better price signal that can actually sense some technology or some behavioral adaptation from customers that help us manage peak demand. And with all the solar we see in the Southwest, that’s the major transition that we’ve got to start looking at. And so when you look at the other utilities, we have done more, I think we have more customers on residential demand rates than anyone in the U.S.  So we’re in a better position to understand the dynamics of those rates, how the rate design matters and make those changes but I don’t think there is a recognition of that from the folks that were involved in the hearings here, but overall in the Southwest, rate modernization is something that have to happen and so what you’re seeing in UNS is a transition at the time of use. We’ve done the time of used rate for over 30 years. So we’re at a slightly different place, our metering technology is more advanced and so you have to be careful in looking at other cases for direct president, but they’re certainly instructive in what some of the issues are.
Jeffrey Guldner: Very important and so again what you want to do is make sure that customers understand the simple aspects. We have proposed in our case and are working on a pretty aggressive customer agitation program but then also what are the tools that we can provide to customers, some of them are very simple from just understanding the timeframe and there are things that we can do in the rate design that helps soften the impact of the rate, make it different from a commercial demand rate. But we also want to make sure that customers know of other things that they can do to take control of the rate. 
Jeffrey Guldner: As I said in my remarks Ali, we’re meeting our expectations based on where we completed the year. The O&M is mostly possible maintenance and it was front-end loaded and we know that. So we’re, no surprise here where we are today. 
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah, we plan for gradually improving throughout the year and if you look at 2015, the first half we were 1.2 customer growth 2015, it will have 1.3 and now we are at 1.4. We thought for data gradual acceleration through time. So I think we’re right on track.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah, we’re at 0.6% year-to-date, our plan this year is we’ve got one. So we’re deeply within that sort of range we expected.
Jeffrey Guldner: Because we don’t have perfect regulations so we continue to have some regulatory lags as well as financing cost for every construction program or that earnings slightly. As we’ve always said rate base growth is the sort of top and revenue growth is a bottom of sort of where we’re going to expect earnings to come in if we were going to project earnings which we don’t. 
Jeffrey Guldner: The Board will look at it again in October. We’ve accelerated from when we’ve taken dividend growth again to 5 in 2014 and so we’ll have to see where we have all our things considered in October. 
Jeffrey Guldner: I would not connect the EIM and IRP, I think modestly as we look at additional renewals will be based on specific need and specific talk.
Jeffrey Guldner: EIM was really a customer benefit proposition that will allow integration of renewable more but that won't provide customer savings which is our motivation.
Jeffrey Guldner: We have overall schedules that are based on O&M run rates and how we use they and they are lumpy, but we're not really here to talk about 17 at this point.
Jeffrey Guldner: No this was transmission line that 355 partnership band there have been discussions in prior years about the partner Washington that sub-points particularly that old matt lying and so posted about potential transaction it was favorable to use and so did that a consent with commission. We've been taking percentage of proceeds of a book value went back to customers than shareholders got 330%.
Jeffrey Guldner: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Key Back Capital market, please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Guldner: So the briefing still on0going so you've replayed bridge actually coming in on Friday and what will happen that has been ALG will business treat like put a recommender roader out. The commission will give that open leading and right now the only Teeda [ph] sort of concurrently what as being an escape so one of the questions will be then whatever comes of the value and cost for solar. Docket remember that docket was focused on two things, first how do you look at the cost to service so sit with solar to cost dollar and then what other ways that you guys are export energy and so that's been having to integrated into the rate cases and first question that is could be up without as you and us. Again our teaming a tiny is a litter better because we're in the process
Jeffrey Guldner: Paul, this is Jeff, one of the challenges that we're seeing up here on the wholesale market is that we've got a lot of solar when that solar production is on particularly in the spring and the fall, what it's doing as this creating a negative prices in the middle of the day and then shifting the peak out later in the day and so it means there is a very heavy focus on the peak demand part of the day and less on that overall energy consumption. And so folks are trying figure out in both rate design and use of technology and how we design the system, so things like the Okoteo modernization project how we deal with peak demand, this increasingly the challenge in running the system that workshop is I think positive sign this is where we're looking at how all of these play in, what role of technology has, what rate designs will have and so it's a constructive conversation.
Jeffrey Guldner: And then on the value of solar I've seen some of the brief and there has been some sort of issue regarding the models and what have on, I am just wondering whether there is a potential for a settlement with some of the parties perhaps amongst some of the parties with respect to the distribute generation value proceeding or we should just expect to be kind of dually litigated. I am getting where out of the proceeding right now.
Jeffrey Guldner: We'll see just to reiterate in June, the Company received two subpoena issues and connecting with investigation by the U.S. attorney office pertaining to the 2014 statewide election raises in Horizontal, were quite at the same we would cooperate fully and that's stilt the case and we're not able to comment further on the investigation while it's going.
