Theodore Geisler: Yes, Julien, this is Ted. Thanks for the question. I think you're thinking about it right. So let's break it out into 2 components of the recommendation with respect to SCR disallowance. The first is the deferral itself. And because this is just a recommendation and not an actual decision, the deferral remains intact currently. But if the recommendation were to hold at a final decision, then that would trigger a likely write-off of the deferral, which at this time -- or as of June 30, that balance is about $75 million.  However, if the recommendation for disallowance of the actual plant of SCR was decided upon at the commission, we do have other options, both within the regulatory space and legal space. And as a result, we'd evaluate our options at that time and that would not necessarily trigger a write-off then, given the fact that you do have other paths to pursue even if a decision was made consistent with the ROO.
Theodore Geisler: Well, we'll continue to evaluate the equity needs. We've said for a while now that we would be focused on looking at equity needs to preserve the equity ratio. That said, fully recognize that if there is any write-off impact to the income statement, that will have an impact on equity ratio going forward. So we'll evaluate that. But keep in mind also, we do continue to have a strong balance sheet, both at Pinnacle and APS, and we'll evaluate being able to utilize that balance sheet to the extent possible to mitigate any further equity dilution impact.
Theodore Geisler: Sure. Yes, happy to. High level, so you've got the $4 million net sort of revenue increase as proposed in the ROO. That includes fuel. So we've got to get that down to nonfuel. So you back out about $33 million of fuel-related increases, that takes you to a total nonfuel revenue decrease of $29 million. You add to that the incremental cost that we've stated for a while now, will hit the income statement once rates go into effect of about $110 million. And then you tax effect that, that gets you to the $90 million estimated annual impacts to ongoing earnings. And again, we expect that to be up to $90 million, and that's an estimate at this time.
Theodore Geisler: If the SCR plant would be put back into rates as approved, then about half that $90 million impact would be mitigated.
Theodore Geisler: Yes, Julien, appreciate the question. That's not something we can really discuss today. But when we do have our investor brief at the conclusion of the rate case, happy to walk through more details of our financing plans at that time, given that we'll have certainty on the case. All the details will be known and look forward to sharing how we think about credit metrics and financing going forward at that point.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Insoo, I think that's right. We're looking at the local economy, the trends that we see. Last year was difficult to be able to separate what was normal growth versus fluctuation between C&I and residential due to COVID, but we're starting to see that trend normalize with some repeated pattern. And so for example, the residential growth we see, we believe that's true sustained growth.  On C&I, we believe out of the 10.3, just under 2% of that is really organic growth. And then when we see what's coming down the pipe with respect to new industrial and commercial growth, which then in turn spurs more housing growth, we're confident that we'll continue to have robust customer growth, and that will translate into the increased usage, which is what gave us confidence to increase that range.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Paul, this is Ted. I'll just add, too, from a strategic standpoint. When we look at the value creation opportunities we've got, we are disappointed in this ROO, no 2 ways about it, and we've got a lot of facts to be able to continue to demonstrate as to why the investments are prudent and critical to keep the lights on. But we also recognize this is one of the last legacy issues that we are working to resolve with the commission. We were called into this case, it didn't start out in the normal form. Notwithstanding, we've made a lot of great progress with the commission. This is one of the last legacy items that we need to put to bed and get behind us.  But once we do, we can't forget about the fact that we have robust growth in our service territory, just increased the ranges again today, continue to have that strong balance sheet, disciplined cost management, a tremendous path forward for investing in clean. We will continue to make progress with the commission and get this case behind us and then be able to unlock more value with those other strengths that we've got.
Theodore Geisler: Yes, Steve. Well, certainly, we're engaged with the agencies as we continue to work through this. They recognize that this was just a recommendation, not a decision. But they also recognize we've got continued growth in rate base and capital investment. And as soon as we solidify our financing plans similar with our equity investors, we'll be working with the agencies to make sure that we incorporate the conclusion of the case and update any assumptions there. So we'll evaluate, certainly, with them what credit metrics look like and ratings, et cetera.  With respect to the dividend, our intent is to continue defending the dividend. The Board reviews this annually. We'll certainly take into consideration where the case concludes. But we'll share more dividend policy at the investor brief here at the end. But we intend to continue defending the dividend.
Theodore Geisler: Steve, I think that's a fair point. And aside from the current case that we're in from a regulatory construct standpoint, our top priority is to continue to work with stakeholders and the commission to minimize regulatory lag. And that includes getting back to the time frame of the cases that we had before.  We've actually got a pretty good track record of relatively short duration rate cases. This one is a bit of an anomaly, particularly given it fell within a year of COVID, that certainly had an impact. But aside from that, whether it be our clean investments or investments to continue to support the robust growth within the service territory, we recognize that, that lag has an impact, and we believe there's options to be able to continue to mitigate it. And that is a priority for us, both within this case and beyond.  We look at the capital plan and aside from investing in clean, we have to fund the growth. We've got commercial industrial customers coming, that demand investment in infrastructure to be able to continue to drive this local economy. And so we need to make sure that we're aligned with our stakeholders and the regulator on the need to continue to fund that capital to be able to fuel Arizona's growth because if you look at the $1.5 billion in our guidance by far, the majority of that is just to keep up with Arizona's growth, and it's our job to do it.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Anthony, I'll just add. Keep in mind, what's in this case and what we're talking about is the environmental technology, the SCRs. The plant itself is in rate base from prior decisions, obviously, and that remains in rate base.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Insoo, I'd say what is the requirement to exhaust administrative remedies, so the rehearing reconsideration request is necessary before you pursue a court appeal. But if you do pursue a court appeal, then that doesn't change your ability to file another rate case and have the appeal pending and a separate rate case moving. But again, we would look at what options we would need to employ based on what the conclusion of the case is.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Paul. So the -- I think right now, it's a single commissioner who has expressed her point of view with respect to that Solana contract. And I agree, again strongly. If you go back to the time that, that contract was entered into, there was a big debate about solar thermal versus solar photovoltaic, where is the future of it, the importance of the capacity value and the molten salt storage for us, and he had a very different natural gas price profile.  And so it is, to look today and go back that far and say that this was imprudent, and it's a PPA, so it's a purchase power agreement. It's not an item that's in our rate base and it was done consistent with the commission direction at the time. So the commissioners at the time were very, very excited, very much pushing to have that project move forward. And so understand that Chairwoman Marquez-Peterson's viewpoint on that. We'll continue to share our perspective on it, but it's clear to me that, that was prudent when it was entered into at the time. It was consistent with the standards that we had at the time. And I don't know, from a legal basis, how you could go back now and say that there's an issue that we should be accountable for on it.
Jeffrey Guldner: We take that one step at a time. We'd see what -- I mean, obviously, right now, the most important thing to do is to make sure it's clear what the legal standard is and where this plant fits into it and then you don't have to go to the force majeure issues. I mean that would not be good for development in Arizona, if you start having contracts that are being defaulted on. So I think we feel pretty strongly that this is a proceeding we'll put our perspective on, but it was a prudent decision at the time, and it should continue to be part of our asset portfolio. And let's just take that one step at a time.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. I follow what you're saying. I mean, that's been an important piece of us of how we've looked at this broadly. I mean our customer affordability initiative was driven in large part to say we've got to be as effective as we can at managing our controllable O&M expenses so that we can create headroom to make the investments in clean energy that we know we're going to need to make in the future and keep the rate of rate growth at or below the rate of inflation. And so that continues. And our rates are lower today than you compare it, Ted, from what 2018 were.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. So we've continued to focus on keeping rates low. I think what's important is we have the dialogue with the stakeholders and the commission is the understanding that it's a balance. And if we do this in a way that causes credit ratings to degrade and your cost of debt increases, ultimately, customers end up paying for that. And if our requirement, if the cost to issue equity is higher because we're not able to maintain the competitive field to attract equity investment in, and that's ultimately going to be a higher cost to customers. And so that's the important thing.  And this is we're doing everything that we can to manage costs. We're looking at ways that we can, again, move out of variable fuel resources and start saving on the fuel bill. But we've got to do that in balance. And I think that's the message we have to continue to send to the commission is that you -- if all you focus on is the short-term rate impacts don't reflect on where we are with respect to the work that's already happened in lowering our rates over the last few years, ultimately, it's going to end up costing customers more. And so it is just an alignment. It's an alignment effort that we just have to continue to focus on.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Steve. The law in Arizona does provide for a direct appeal and a rate case matter to the Court of Appeals. So you go into the court of appeals rather than starting at superior court and then working your way up. And so typically, those are in the year time frame or so, which is often why you might see a case also filed. If you got a legal appeal, you might still see a company file a rate case at the same time.
Jeffrey Guldner: That's the -- that's kind of why -- I mean that's the question I think, Anthony, is given that, that SCR is legally required for us to operate the plan and given that if we didn't have Four Corners on a day like today, we're going to have a hot day today. If we didn't have the capacity out of Four Corners, there's nothing else in the West. There's nothing else that we could go get. There's no other resource that we could use to keep the lights on.  And so you have to continue to operate it. So that's why -- and that's why I'm struggling in particular with this recommendation, is this has been clearly demonstrated over the last 2 summers as not just used and useful, but necessary from a capacity basis in the face of a bunch of challenges around capacity, whether it's California or Texas, has just brought that to a highlight. And so you're now putting us in a position to say, well, you got to run the plant, but we're not going to give you a recovery of either the investment in the plant that's required to continue to operate it or the ongoing operating expenses of it. Just don't think that's a reasonable outcome.
Jeffrey Guldner: Anthony, we don't talk about M&A issues. But I will say, in terms of diversification, we do have some work going on at our Bright Canyon affiliate. And so there is some opportunity there. Again, the vast majority of revenue net income comes from APS, but we continue to look at opportunities there.  And just one perspective, we've got some ownership in a couple of wind farms, one is in Missouri and one is in Minnesota. And I think it will be important for us to share with the regulators that the returns that we see from capital invested in those states is better than the returns we can get here in Arizona that puts you in a real predicament. So the ROEs are important to maintain the attractiveness to get capital invested in states and have continued to invested in needed reliability, but we do have some assets that are outside the traditional regulated platform. It's not yet material from an earnings standpoint, but we do look for opportunities there.
Barbara Lockwood: Paul, this is Barbara Lockwood. We didn't propose to do anything with the LFCR in this case. We just propose to let it continue to operate as it currently operates. And so we expect that it will just continue to function with the balancing account that already exists with the LFCR and it will be addressed in the next application to change that adjustment.
Barbara Lockwood: Yes. It actually -- there's a balancing account with that adjuster and the dollars to accumulate in that until there's action taken on that adjuster, one way or another.
Barbara Lockwood: I will say -- I'm sorry, Paul. I will say in the ROO, there is a provision to reopen the rate case for 12 months so that we can work with stakeholders on alternatives for our adjuster suite. And we're looking at that as an opportunity to find alignment and common ground and prepare proposal that will address any issues or concerns and resolve, hopefully, any questions, lingering questions, about our adjusters.
Barbara Lockwood: Steve, I'll just add. One thing to know, this case has been particularly long. It is unusual in a number of ways and that we were called in. But it was also fully litigated and it's the first fully litigated case we've had in quite some time. We will always seek to settle and we can improve the time frames to do so, and we're hopeful that we'll be in that position in the next case that we have. So keep in mind that this case is relatively unique in terms of the time frame and the circumstances around it. And as Ted said, it's hopefully the final piece of some of the legacy issues that we've been dealing with.
