Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2022 financial results. I'll review the results and provide some additional details around the customer and sales growth. 2022 started off in line with expectations despite being significantly lower than last year. In the first quarter of this year, we earned $0.15 per share compared to $0.32 per share in the first quarter last year. This is the first full quarter of financial impacts resulting from the last rate case. Although consistent with our guidance, the unfavorable rate case decision is the primary driver for the lower quarter-over-quarter results. The largest contributing factor is the discontinuation of the Four Corners and Ocotillo accounting deferrals as those costs are now impacting the income statement without any new revenue to offset the costs. Other negative impacts include higher depreciation and amortization due to increased plant additions, higher income taxes and lower pension and op-ed non-service credits. These negative impacts were partially offset by lower O&M expense, higher transmission revenues and the continued strong customer and sales growth. Our lower O&M this quarter is driven by continued cost management as well as timing of planned outage schedules. We experienced 2.2% customer growth in the first quarter, which is in the upper end of our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5%. Additionally, our weather normalized sales growth remains strong at 4.4%, which is above our guidance range. The first quarter weather normalized sales growth is comprised of 3.5% residential growth and 5.2% C&I growth. Although, the sales growth is stronger than expected, we are not changing guidance at this time, but will continue monitoring the usage trends and adjust as necessary. The strong recovery of the Arizona labor market in 2021 is continuing into 2022. As a reminder by July of last year, the Phoenix metro area had recovered all jobs lost during the pandemic. And by the end of 2021, Arizona was one of only three states that have recovered all jobs lost during the pandemic. In March of this year, the Arizona unemployment rate fell to a historic low of 3.3% compared to the national average of 3.6%, which is the lowest state unemployment rate in nearly 50 years. Arizona continues to benefit from high net migration into the state compared to the rest of the U.S., in 2021, Arizona was the third fastest growing state. Phoenix was the second fastest growing metro area and Maricopa County was the fastest growing county. As a result of this continued strong population growth, Maricopa County residential housing permits are off to another record start in 2022 and expected to have another robust year. While this growth is positive, it does not outweigh the negative impacts of the last three case outcome. This growth underscores the need for substantial capital investment to keep up with the influx of customers in order to maintain grid reliability and resource adequacy and the need for reasonable and timely recovery of those investments. Lastly, our focus and progress on cost management continues to produce results. As a recent example, our transmission and distribution teams began implementing mobile digital security stations at construction sites where multiple security guards have traditionally been used. Deployment of these stations is safer, more secure, more reliable than traditional security plus the new practice has the additional benefit of reoccurring cost savings. This dedication to cost management is more important than ever as we are facing inflationary pressures across all areas of our business. While we expect our 2022 earnings results to remain in our guidance range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share, we are capturing the benefits of higher sales in the first quarter, along with our continued Lean Sigma initiatives to mitigate the inflation headwinds so we can finish the year strong. All other aspects of our financial outlook remain consistent with prior guidance. We are confident that our laser focus on cost management combined with the key initiatives, Jeff highlighted for 2022, support our commitment to provide long-term value. We look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy and updating you on progress throughout the year. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Ted Geisler: Yes, Julien, this is Ted, and just to be clear, the LFCR structural changes and therefore the accounting changes that were made that was all factored into our guidance for the year.
Ted Geisler: Yes. They’re moving pretty, they’re getting pretty late in session, so I don’t think that’s probably going anywhere.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I mean, we've got – Julien, we've got the existing LFCR that's moving forward in the May open meeting. And then as you know, we've got a rate case filing that's coming up, we've been working with stakeholders on potential ways to address or other ways to deal with that, but that would be still be prospective. So that would be something that would be coming in the next rate case. It would not really reflect the current LFCR mechanism.
Jeff Guldner: They're not going to be a consideration for rate case timing, Tucson Electric just filed their notice of intent. So they're moving forward with the filing, obviously inflationary pressures run counter to historic test year. So we'll see where probably not all that's going to get baked in, but that doesn't really affect our timing on moving forward with the midyear filing.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, let me start Nick. And then I'll probably ask Jake to land with some thoughts. So, the RFPs are on a cycle, we do have an RFP that's moving forward. And we've got RFPs that were closing. So we've generally got projects that are underway, that are moving forward multiple projects, and we have RFPs cycles, so that new projects come in before those projects are completed. So the RFP process I think is working pretty well. The challenge in the West is, there's really tight regional markets so in a lot of cases where you go out and buy cover yourself with purchases from others, that pool is shrinking. And so we have made procurements for this summer to help us generally keep our reserve margins intact. And we’re looking pretty creatively at where we go procure those resources from. But ultimately one of the things in the next 10 years that we really need to do is figure out how we align the West better with market structures. And you’ve got California proposing to expand the energy and balance market into a broader day-ahead market. You’ve got other companies in the west that are looking at how you could do more market based structures with other states that are not there in California. So there’s a lot of work that’s being done right now in terms of looking at market options for the West. But as we move forward that will enhance access to resources on a broader footprint that I think will ultimately improve reliability. But we have to continue to procure because there’s uncertainty in how that process is going to move forward and what the timing is. In terms of the summer, Jacob, do you want to just highlight where we are. We’re in good shape.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I mean, one of the benefits is, our largest supply there would be our Four Corners power plant, which is actually essentially a mine mouth plant. So it has its own rail right to the mine. So there’s no issues there. And that’s our largest coal resource and on the Cholla Power Plant, they keep generally about a three to four month supply on the coal pile. So we don’t have any risk there on the coal side.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Insoo. It’s really about two parts organic customer growth and one part higher usage per customers. So that raw growth largely due to net migration in to the service territory is really continuing to be the biggest driver. I was reading the Redfin report here recently that said Phoenix is one of the top two cities people are looking to relocate too in the Q1 2022. And the most common origin was Southern California. And the article was referencing that even with higher mortgage rates, they actually think that’ll propel more growth because it’ll enable people to continue to expand housing footprint by affordable housing with rising mortgage rates, by leaving Southern California migrating affordable places to live such as Arizona and Phoenix. So that’s a big part of what we’re seeing, Insoo.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. At this point, we definitely feel good about our plan and our guidance, so no changes there. It is just the first quarter and that first quarter is relatively small compared to the others. So we’ll continue to monitor as we progress through the year. Our guidance for O&M in 2022, as you know is meaningfully lower than our O&M last year. But we are still confident to be managing within that range and to hire sales growth is certainly helping to mitigate any unexpected inflationary pressures. So at this point we forget about the plan and we’ll continue to monitor both sales growth trends and cost management throughout the year.
Jeff Guldner: Paul, all the economic development that we’re seeing has really been a part of our forecast. And when we think about reliability needs, we manage that to peak demand in the summer, which the economic development that we’re seeing is largely factored into that forecast. We then had a reserve margin on top of it. The sales growth is really just detailing out how much energy around the clock you get, which is a little bit different than peak demand the measure that we use to plan for resource adequacy. I will say though, it underscores the importance of Palo Verde and Four Corners as we get through these hot summers both units critical for not just Arizona, but the entire Southwest. In fact, Palo Verde supplies about 70% of the entire Southwest region’s carbon free energy through the summer. So really just underscores importance of those two assets for the region.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, David, it’s early, excuse me, it’s early in the process. I mean, one of the things that is important to recognize with the commission is they’ve got a steady pace of rate cases. There’s a tremendous number of water companies here in the state. And so there’s always a pretty steady drumbeat of cases that move through certainly our case and Tucson Electric and some of the larger companies, Southwest Gas are bigger, more intensive rate cases, but they’ve got a hearing division down in Tucson. There’s a hearing division up here. So I don’t see anything right now where I call that the fact that there are two cases together would affect the timing.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. We’re always very sensitive to how to balance those issues and look for those opportunities. Frankly, we’ve done that in the rate design, in terms of providing customers choices, to move on a different rate plans that provide different opportunities to save based on selections that they want to make. But also we want tot look at things that we can bake into the case to get that kind of optionality. So something that we’re aware of, obviously we’re across the service industry. So you do the math and a lot of this is about investments that we’ve made to support reliability and serve the customers that we have. The growth helps because we have a bigger kind of kilowatt hour base to spread those costs on, but you’re still need to reflect the cost to service that go into the calculating revenue requirement. But yes, absolutely, we’re looking at all that.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think that’s right. And obviously, I think hopefully, I know that’s getting a lot of attention right now and hopefully saw and we appreciate Senator Sinema along with some other congressional legislators submitting comments to the Department of Commerce to urge that that process moved quickly because it is creating uncertainty in the industry. But we’re moving forward with the projects that we’ve got under contract.
Jeff Guldner: I don’t know if I walk through hypotheticals. I mean, we’re pursuing the appeal. We think we’ve got a solid case. I think Anthony, your fuel security is part of that. It’s less about the foreign fuel security. In fact, we’ve got incredibly tight capacity market here in the desert southwest, that power plant, which is a large power plant could not operate if we didn’t have those SCRs on it. It’s critical now, ironically, it is in the money right now because of the high natural gas prices, regardless of the economics, we couldn’t maintain reliability of the system without Four Corners and we can’t run Four Corners without the SCRs. And so for fuel security for us, we needed to have that power plant, which is why we went through the entire process from acquiring the Edison  share to investing in the SCRs to making that plant reliable through the summer. So again, we think the appeal is – the appeal will reflect that, what happens down the road? I just, I don’t know how you can speculate on that.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I mean, there’s – I think, there were a couple amendments that were floated before that that was pulled from the last open meeting. There were a couple of proposed amendments that were floated. I think they probably have to refloat those as they go up, but I think most of the discussion is likely to be in how in the next rate case this mechanism gets addressed since it was established in a prior rate case you really would address structural changes like that in a rate case.
