Jim Hatfield: Sunrun has probably been the leader in our service territory over the last 18 months or so and so it's hard to say what that will do that at this point in time.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So, our guidance considered an earlier 2019 implementation date. We'll continue to look at guidance throughout the year. But I don't believe that material -- that guidance will change as we continue to throw – you know offset to most of the costs of the SCR. So we should be good within our original guidance.
Jim Hatfield: Nothing has really changed. We just trued up the cash flows over those years as we got a better understanding of how all the cash flows would work.
Jim Hatfield: And then on your last question Julien, I mean I look through the guidance, through the course of the year, managed within the bandwidth of all the factors of guidance. So again, I don't expect a delay will cause us to rethink guidance at least at this point.
Jim Hatfield: I think we look at the range of timing of the SCR rule. I'm still very comfortable with our guidance.
Jim Hatfield: I would think about it as the deferral covers your costs and so until we get those into effect, you are just deferring all the cost and not a significant financial impact.
Jim Hatfield: So, right now our plans are June 1, 2020 and as we've said in the past you know we'll consider to issue an equity sometime this year, but it won't be a – it will be a modest amount so...
Jim Hatfield: Yes. We're considering sometime this year, but whatever we issue will be a modest amount. It's really to top off the capital structure.
Jeffrey Guldner: No Michael, this is Jeff. So there was discussion at the last open meeting. I think Don mentioned that there was discussion at the last open meeting where staff indicated that they were not likely to make that May 3rd date and so we expect – I don't have great visibility on when it's coming out, but I would expect it will probably come out later in May.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, they'll issue the report. So one of the questions is what open meeting will it be synced to. There's an open meeting in May 21 and 22 given the time for exceptions and such, it's challenging to see it making that open meeting. Then there's an open meeting June 11and 12. When they issue the recommended opinion and order, all the parties have an opportunity to file exceptions to that. Part of the discussion that had been in that process was what are the remedies and I think that would be my opinion, more future focus so things to address in the next rate case, but you got to see what the staff report says.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes Julien, its Jeff. Let me start with the sequencing. So you've got the customer complaint case, recommended opinion and order came out on that; they recommended dismissing the complaint. That was discussed, but not voted on at the last open meeting and so then you've got the rate review and so we'd expect a rule to come out next month or so. The timing of that, I don't know whether the customer complaint is going to go on the May open meeting or whether that will get pushed to potentially coincide with the rate review at a subsequent open meeting and again, all that will then drive what happens with the SCR decision and will they all be on an open meeting or will there be some sequencing between there. I just don't have visibility to that, but from a timing standpoint that's what I look at.
Jeffrey Guldner: Ali, its Jeff. I don't know. They'll come out with the staff report and when we do rate cases, you do pro forma adjustments and things. But we'll have to see in the staff report.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes Paul, this is Jeff. So the complexity with that, I think this was talked about at the hearing, was that the settling parties in that underlying rate case agreed on a framework where the customer would move on to the most like rate. And so there was a lot of customer outreach to try to encourage customers to move on to the best rate, but because of the – this is we're ahead of the rest of the country I think in residential rate design and so a lot of the things that we're working through here are going to be important in how you do this in other places and so that was one of them. But the parties initially to the settlement said we think we should move customers to the most like, most similar rate structure, not necessarily the one that is best for them. And so what I think you'll see in this and the rate review case is a fair amount of attention on that; how do you focus on the customer education piece of this and then how you factor into revenue, you'd have to look at that in subsequent cases.
