Jim Hatfield: We do Dan. We see as we talk about home permits were up 78% in the August from the same month a year-ago. We’re seeing sales up 32% in [indiscernible] so we’re seeing a lot of activity in that housing market.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. And the perfect word we will have it at July 1 what the issue in the case on rate design changes and so on that would be an optimistic scenario I think.
Jim Hatfield: I think it's a new advanced the ball will be dealing with the not just generic number but our numbers specifically as will be other participants and Jeff Guldner sitting here next to me I think can explain on that far a little bit.
Don Brandt: And this is Don, I refer you if you do a search on azcentral.com Web site for the Arizona Republic and just a story that appeared on the 21st of October I just take a selective quote out of that but over the past two years approximately 11,000 building permits for single-family new homes have been issued annually and he said the expectation is that the number will reach 16,000 by year's end. 
Don Brandt: Well don't think ’17 will be as big as ’16 and when we look for rate case purposes we use a average of five years or so, so that all get blended out in the rate case.
Don Brandt: Yes I mean we’ll get all of it because this is a sort of peak but we’ll get an average over several years as typically how they do it.
Don Brandt: Easy to fund CapEx, we’ll still be net negative cash from our fixed income securities to fund the CapEx but it does reduce our need.
Don Brandt: Yes and we take bonus depreciations will be 70% of that reduction in CapEx the rest is really moving Ocotillo out to ’19 from ’18.
Don Brandt: Yes it includes normal weather as well as we've those adjuster mechanisms two things you -- the other thing you'll see from the gross margin perspective we've the negative transmission adjuster in 2015 which will have a positive next year. So we get the cumulative effect of that as well.
Don Brandt: I'll take the higher end of the guidance to reflect a little higher sales growth and we’re currently planning. That would be the big driver.
Don Brandt: We will file June 1 of 2016 typically there was a 30 days efficiency and there is the last case we did in 10.5 we expect probably it will last goal longer with the rate design in there it's the statutory four month timeline but and Christmas around as you get days of the hearings and so on.
Don Brandt: I Michael would caution you to look at any quarter and try to extract anything out of quarters, a quarter. I think we are pleasantly surprised by the sales growth year-to-date. I don’t think we necessarily expect laying that into ’16 guidance.
Don Brandt: We have no plans to purchase generation assets other than what we are billing at occupancy or which is a self built.
Don Brandt: No we have some PPAs and other things rolling off and we will go out next year for sort of all resources RFP for sometime later this -- probably later this decade, then we will see what where get at that point but we’re ways off from new generation at this point.
Don Brandt: Yes, bonus depreciation we expect to be over the two years about $250 million. We just think about that as ratably over those two years.
Don Brandt: Yes, well, certainly the cash and bonus depreciation would minimize the need, if we need anything, we won't do anything until after we get that outcome and next rate case.
Don Brandt: No we’re constantly on ongoing basis moving capital from year-to-year so there is nothing substantial in terms of delay in big projects or anything like that.
Don Brandt: Well about 70% of the change roughly is the impact of bonus depreciation, and significant amount of the other is just moving Ocotillo from our end service date of ’18 to 2019.
Don Brandt: Well I think it is -- I would call it one time, and we do generation outage every year where it is based with significant overall at both quarters at 28 in the same year I could say that that number is elevated based on what we wouldn’t call it one time in any view.
Don Brandt: We’ll try to let's see what we had on the past which is the 2015 test year and any planned service 15-18 months then post patch your plan and there will be some things that are still under construction that won’t be done like the SCRs or Ocotillo allows them to recover some other mechanism.
Don Brandt: I think this rate case is also a lot about the rate design issue which is how we align our 70% of fixed cost with only 10% of fixed revenue and try to get more alignment between cost and revenue.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Christine. Thanks for joining us today. We apologize for the connection issues we had on the call. And we look forward to seeing most of you at EVI here in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Sure. And I remember this they said their value has sold the dockets which was up there with obviously would be a new port on a generic the cost of service study that we did is specific with us and so one of the things you would get in the generic proceeding is still some discussion of how do you apply cost allocation factors how do you sort it out cost to service issue and result those and move forward in the rate case with the given the commissioners policy options that are available to cost from the value side and the more of that we can work through ahead of the rate case the more productive that's going to be when you get into the rate case process.
Jeff Guldner: I think the biggest thing Ali is sort of a weak comparison last year in the third quarter overall we have 1% sales growth year-to-date which would reflect the kind of customer growth we’re seeing currently. I think a lot of that two part of our we look at the we have top solar and EDE and a lot of this been confident it's new and I think you are seeing a little more cost that consumer and those in the Phoenix marketplace.
Jeff Guldner: Next question? Operator, next question? Christine? We have lost connection from the host just one moment please.
Jeff Guldner: Brian it’s Jeff I don’t think it would affect the timing of the filing of the rate case. One of the issues that came up in the discussion a little while ago was we've requested that the information push to get that aside us in the April timeframe was ahead in the case. But the procedural conference is still coming out, if that leaves over that wouldn't affect the filing, once you file the case you've got a fairly lengthy litigation process.
Jeff Guldner: So Paul this is Jeff Guldner. If you are referring that water company case involving infrastructure adjustor the commission have appealed that and if so court of appeals case they start review with the Arizona supreme court and with the case that what's there was how the commission makes fair value findings which is somewhat unique that Arizona regulation how it makes their value findings in the context of adjustor mechanisms and things like that so we get them in rate cases we do typically fair value findings and provisions and almost everything that we do and so what I think folks are looking for right now is clarify some of the things that were in the court has appeals decision but it's I don’t think that the supreme court is not yet excited whether to grant review and if they do I'm sure they will see mostly intelligence of state participating in that litigation.
Jeff Guldner: The part of the review on how you that to make fair value findings and those proceedings and I think most folks would expect the release to be prospective and so would be in highly to move forward with a different proceeding in terms of making fair value findings to which support whatever the court ultimately came out lift. We've had filed adjustors and one of the things that was mention that decision is a fuel adjustor which tracks expenses up and down fuel adjustors have been common in Arizona for decades and that opinion recognize with types of adjustors fine and as you get into different styles or different models for adjustor gets little more complicated and you guys figure out how you put the fair value piece it up. [Multiple Speakers]
Jeff Guldner: Yes. We also look at all the riders and we look at how the fair value provisions and how we handle fair value in each of those cases and that litigated or implemented the rate cases and then if we have to make adjustments for the next rate case then we would.
