Don Brandt: As our summer peak this last year was at 5 o'clock to 6 o'clock maybe afternoon, early evening and that’s been typically the time of hitting our peak.
Don Brandt: Well, I think there will be some additional element in this that is typical, but the last few cases have been very well organized and executed by all 22, 23 parties, and that’s certainly I think the direction we, the staff will go and the vast majority of the parties would intend to proceed.
Don Brandt: UniSource is going to be an important discussion. That’s the first case in the state that’s really focused on the changes to residential rate design. That’s why we have got four witnesses in that case. So obviously, that’s probably a case to watch.
Don Brandt: It’s a rate design issue. So, it’s kind of – it’s part of the rate design process. We are trying to align the retail rates with the wholesale market.
Don Brandt: We have made a fair number of changes really over the last probably 2 or 3 rate cases that have picked that up. A lot of it comes in the time to process the case and trying to get that processing time down to a year or so and things we have done with that are for example pre-filing the discovery. So we don’t wait, file the case, wait for 3, 4 months and then begin the discovery process. And so a lot of that’s been worked out, obviously adjuster mechanisms and how you can work on adjustment mechanisms can help smooth out even further. And so that’s probably going to be some of the discussion you will see and that’s part of what we have been talking about with stakeholders.
Don Brandt: I think the general issue that’s coming up in UNS is how it’s going to apply broadly across the customer base. And so the commission staff that proposed that the three-part rate design be applied to all residential customers and that’s one of the key issues to look at, I think.
Don Brandt: Well, you are right, there is a lot going on out there, but we don’t really comment on M&A. I will say we are focused on our excellent operations and continuing that. And we believe, growing earnings and providing – will provide shareholder value without combining operations with another entity.
Jeff Guldner: No, Shar, this is Jeff. EIM helps balance really intra-hour. It’s not affecting the underlying wholesale market. So, what you see in that shift and it’s not the shift of demand rates, but that shift of the time-of-use period, the peak period out to later in the day is reflecting that ramp that comes later in the day from the duck curve.
Jeff Guldner: Well, we will be going out next month, I believe, with all resource RFP for – with the beginning date later. This decade is really designed with not only the heat rate options, which are not flexible than have been or will expire. And then we have a toll in ‘16 and a toll in ‘19. So this process and we will get being all resource, I expect to see various resources in there and we will evaluate -- and evaluate where we are and what we need and we will move from there.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I think we have great optionality here. I mean, we can extend the tolls shorter term, long-term. We could new build if it was the right thing to do. But right now, we will just see what comes into the RFP.
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. So, what you are trying to do, we have a fuel adjuster, right, which is going to pick up essentially the cost of the fuel burn, but what you are trying to do and shift that out later is to align the customer response with when we see the need for essentially conservation on the system. And so what it’s...
Jeff Guldner: It’s a customer issue. So, if you have the time of use rates fixed, you don’t have essentially, for example, on the solar side, you are not providing credit at noon at a peak rate when the wholesale market is negative.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Michael, there is no money loss for APS. It’s really a shifting and sending the right pricing signals to – what was done whey they were put in before to what we are seeing in today’s marketplace. It’s an alignment issue.
