Jim Hatfield: That would be the math of the combined two. We can't predict the optimal rate case, obviously, but those are the two big components of our rate ask.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So if I look at the – residential continues to be strong. The economy is doing very well overall, virtually all sectors. For stronger growth in the C&I customer base is being dominated by warehousing and logistics. Currently, retail stores and malls still appear to be weak, which is in line with national trends. So from an energy-use perspective, the rapid growth in warehousing and logistics sector appears to be reducing average use per customer in the C&I area, still showing growth but a little weaker than we expected.
Jim Hatfield: So Julien, I think in terms of narrow on the regulatory lag, we have some mechanisms now that work well from a rate gradualism perspective. Obviously, as an alternative in the case, we proposed formula rates would just be an annual filing, much like we do at FERC, which we would need adjusters. And those will be the sort of two things we’d look at in terms of getting faster recovery in terms of the fair value.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I mean based on where we are now, obviously, beyond the right case outcome, we can’t really focus or really say what that is because we don’t – we can’t predict the outcome.
Jim Hatfield: Yes, I think as we’re now almost on 2020, that’s – we have a good plan for 2020 and 2021, and I wouldn’t expect any big changes currently.
Jim Hatfield: Well, in a response to an earlier question, we talked about how in the C&I sector due to the customer mix that we’re – we have now versus historically, we’re seeing less huge per customer, that’s really around warehousing logistics. And going forward, we have a slide with some of the other data centers and other things, which are highly uncertain in terms of timing and exact amounts. So I think we’re just recalibrating to what we’re seeing actually in the marketplace.
Jim Hatfield: No, that’s really the delta between – you’re having it in as rates and earning an equity return versus just a debt return. And that project will continue to be deferred. There’s a – they’re concurrent ALJ rule out there for that, and that’s not going to change. The impact will be – it’s a non-cash return. So you’re always – you’re not getting your cash return, but it’s fairly minimal over a one-year time frame.
Jim Hatfield: Well, you heard it correctly, the impact based on various assumptions. The reality is we don’t have a policy at this point going forward. So anything beyond the assumption of the number would be a pure guess at this point. And at some point in the future, those will ultimately be reflected in rates whenever we end up.
Jim Hatfield: We did do a couple of pro formas in the case to try to increase our uncollectible expense based on the increase we’re seeing now.
Jim Hatfield: There’ll be headwinds until ultimately you get it reflected in rates, whether that’s what we ask for in this case or down the road based on the final rules, which we don’t have yet.
Jim Hatfield: Well, what it is, is it’s really a reflection of the deferred tax flowback through TEAM 3, which really will be reflected in effective tax rate for the foreseeable future. But based on the fact that we’re giving it back over 27.5 years, roughly.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Insoo, it’s Jeff. That’s actually part of the Arizona constitution and so the state is adopted in the constitution in 1912, a fair value requirement. So it’s somewhat unique to Arizona. And over the years, it’s been addressed in a variety of different rate cases, not all of them, ours. And it really started to have more of a role, probably five or six years ago, a lot of rate case context. And so the commission has been applying it and discussing how to apply the fair value standard since that time. This was a workshop on it a few weeks ago. And so there’s some moving parts on it. I don’t know exactly how that’s going to play out.
Jeff Guldner: But we do try to get the delta between – you’re always going to have some structural disallowances, right? And so you do try to narrow the delta between the earned and the authorized return. And so that obviously will continue to be a focus for us.
Jeff Guldner: Ali, longer term, it’ll depend on what the final rules are. So they’re in a rule-making process now on the disconnect policy, and we’re participating in that. And ultimately, it’ll be reflected in what those rules come out with.
