James Hatfield: Well, we do have in this case the EIS, which is a surcharge, is capped at $5 million. So we will be recovering some of those on a next-year basis. So we are looking at less than 12 months on some of the environmental for Four Corners.
James Hatfield: That’s correct, Michael. On the last one, we would recover some real-time in the EIS and the other would be AFUDC. On the first question, to keep the docket open, so assuming we acquire their SCE’s piece in the early fourth quarter, potentially as early as mid-year 2013, we would begin actual recovery of the acquisition.
James Hatfield: Well, I think it’s incremental to sort of our capital build that we would issue incremental debt and equity, just to support the balance sheet.
James Hatfield: Well, I think on the O&M side, I look at this year ex-RES, O&M was essentially flat to 2010. As I have said before, as we go forward with the two-thirds of our O&M expense being employee costs, we don’t have a lot of levers to pull. At some point, we are going to become focusing on payroll creep to the O&M. That said, we’re going to continue – I mean, our levers to pull on during the stay-out is the focus on CapEx and O&M. And that’s what we are going to continue to do, and I think our track record over the last three years has proven that we are very much focused on costs. From a cap structure perspective, obviously ’14 is designed to be the test year. And we’ll try to get our capital structure consistent with where we are now by 2014. In the interim, it will be based on financing needs and credit metrics and those sort of things. So it could vary from the 53.9%.
James Hatfield: The estimate for Arizona Sun part two is in the renewables line. It’s really sort of ‘13 to ‘15 even though it only goes to ‘14.
James Hatfield: Well, obviously as we’ve said before, I mean we try to focus O&M growth at equal to or less than the rate of growth of (indiscernible) sales just as a way to allow sales growth to fall to the bottom line. Like I said, we’ve been fairly flat since 2008 and at some point, we’re going to hit the pressures of just the payroll creep, so.
