Jim Hatfield: Greg, I wouldn't look at the first quarter and try to draw any conclusions based on the year. Remember, first quarter, we had low sales in total -- abnormally in the weather like we had in the fourth quarter, which sometimes skews results. I would look at it over the course of the year.
Jim Hatfield: Well Four Corners is slightly less than $0.01 amounts delay, so somewhere around $0.04, $0.05 for us, but we have that incorporated in our guidance.
Jim Hatfield: Well we've factored into the range of possible outcomes both the delay and Four Corners, and we had a pretty good view that pension and OPEB would be down this year over last year. So we're still -- the range is good and we try to incorporate probability risks sort of each of these factors. So it hasn't changed my outlook on the guidance.
Jim Hatfield: A lot of it is pension, OPEB and other employee benefit costs. And certainly, if I look at the business' cost controls, sometime in the quarter that expenses are incurred, but it's just a continuation of our ongoing program including the enterprise process improvement initiative, which is looking to streamline processes and document everything that we do.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I would say two things on that, Kit. One is our stated goal is to keep O&M basically flat year-over-year or certainly as we move out in the outer years less than or equal to the growth in kilowatt hour sales. And I think we're not going to change how we spend and run the business just because we have a rate case. So we'll continue to be focused on cost, be as efficient as possible, which ultimately lowers cost to customers, which is a good thing.
Jim Hatfield: Well, typically, you see anywhere from 12 to 24-month delay in permitting to home construction. And, of course, there is anomalies in that, and it could be longer, but we see, and Moody's projects around 25,000 permits this year, which is going to relate to the customer growth of about 2%, 2.5% over the next three years. So we'll see permits begin to accelerate once -- as Don alluded to, they are getting skilled craft trained and you'll see permits pick up and growth will follow.
Jim Hatfield: Well 2.5% will be the three-year average, and it will be accelerated coming out of the -- in 2016. So you'll see growth somewhere around 2% or so this year and it will be accelerating through that to average 2.5%, so. 
Jim Hatfield: Well, obviously, we're targeting average of around 4%. And we'd have to see clear path to rate-based growth greater than 6% or 7% we're seeing now to give us confidence to sort of move beyond what we're seeing right now. Our payout ratio continues to be in the low 60, so we haven't a lot of flexibility moving forward.
Jim Hatfield: Yes, a lot of that's timing, especially as it relates to generation overhauls. And just some O&M sort of delayed into later in the year. So I wouldn't say it's going to be heavy, but pension and OPEB is going to be down in every quarter, we know that.
Jim Hatfield: Well, in that regard, Paul, it's sort of hard to nail a number. We can track what CFLs we handout and things of that nature. And we do think most of the energy efficiency is in lighting for the most part. What we really don't know is what our customers doing outside of any incentives we give and, then, how much is just conservation on the part of homeowners in sort of an uncertain world. We do know that EE is going to continue to be a impact as everything in it that is manufactured today is more efficient than what it replaces including building, footprints and so on, so. But that's no data, data I can turn to to support how much is ours and how much is customers.
Jim Hatfield: Well I think the offsetting factor there is you get increasing sales before EE and DE continuing to rise and we see DE continuing to rise, but it's a smaller percentage of the overall total.
Jim Hatfield: Well, Andy, I don't think we have any expectations. We said here today that that workshop is going to alter that charge. And remember, that charge has offset the CLFTR. So it would not have an impact on EPS.
Don Brandt: Greg, we're getting pretty positive signals from the developers. They've had labor shortages and, as I've mentioned in our previous calls, they have actually built some trade schools to train crafts labor for the construction, but if you fly in and out of Phoenix, you'll see there is a fair amount of dirt moving subdivision development. And that's echoed by what the homebuilders are telling us.
Don Brandt: Well, if you remember, last year the commission approved another 20 megawatts, 10 megawatts for City of Phoenix, 10 megawatts for Luke, and said when you come back for your 2014-2015 filing, we'll see how your penetration of rooftop and load and the need. We filed for 20 of that 30, and we're waiting the commission approval on it.
Don Brandt: There's a few developments, Dan, that kind of specialize in that, I guess is the word I'd use, the majority do not (inaudible) --
Don Brandt: We are clearly seeing that. And that's looking forward, we expect more of it. And that's one of the driving factors behind Ocotillo. In the next few years, Ocotillo is going to be the majority of that expenditure in addition to the generating sources. It'd be adaptations on the distribution system.
Don Brandt: The workshops, the value DG workshops start on May 7. I think there is another one that's been scheduled in June. There isn't really a schedule beyond that. So it may take -- there may be some additional workshops that follow from that. We also have overlaying that separate, but probably interrelated in some ways, the innovation and technology workshops; another one of those is coming in late May. And so as we work through those probably and obviously later in the year where we see kind of how that looks then from a longer term regulatory perspective.
Don Brandt: Well if you look back two or three years, Steve, the volatility from one month of, say, February of this year versus last year versus the year before that, it's a pattern. If you just look at a few months at a time, it doesn't seem to be a lot of rhyme or reason to it.
Don Brandt: Draw your own conclusions, but when I look back over several years of history, one could get out on a limb and prove themselves wrong in another few months.
Don Brandt: To answer to your last one first, so far it has not and we're sort of in the not early stages, but many of the candidates are still gathering the signatures and the other information data that's required for them to be a candidate in the clean elections process and for the primaries.
Don Brandt: Well, to clarify the issue, the statute that requires generating assets that you should not link an entity is not using the generation themselves, i.e., rooftop solar under lease arrangement versus a homeowner that outright owns his generation. And it's the same law applies to our solar properties, has been on the books for years. These solar lease companies were not paying that tax. Last year about this time, the Arizona Department of Revenue issued a ruling that they were required to pay it. It's pretty clear when you look at the law. In the legislature this last session they were, they being these solar lease entities, running or attempting to run legislation to exempt themselves from that tax; and the tax would be on them, not on the homeowner. And they weren't very successful at it. And, say, early or midstream in that process they turned on that APS was trying to raise property taxes on solar customers, and just within the last -- the legislature ended their session last week, and just recently as of yesterday, they were posting on some of their websites an attack on our governor and that her administration, I presume by that they mean the department of revenue, was applying this tax. The facts are the tax has been on the books as a statue for years, and they weren't paying it. Now they're being required to comply. That's sort of where we are at right now, if that answers your question.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Julien. This is Jeff Guldner. We haven't made a determination on how we'll move forward with that at this point. So we're focused right now on moving into the workshops and having some of the dialog and the value at DG and the technology innovation workshops.
Jeff Guldner: You only just need to look at how some of the discussion will evolve. So, obviously, we expect that in the value DG workshop there is going to be some discussion around rate design issues.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think we certainly see value in having the discussion around the rate design issues, which are broader than just APS. So that's going to involve other utilities. And you would have to implement anything like that in a rate case, so there is probably several paths forward.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Brian, this is Jeff. I think some of the ones that you just outlined are good, are right on target with that. I mean, what I think you're going to see certainly is some discussion in the value of DG workshop around what you think about solar valuation, the valuation of rooftop solar, but I think there is also going to be some discussion around how that pairs up with the value of the grid. And that's going to be a broader discussion, obviously, than just APS. So we'll have other utilities that are in there. And I think it's going to be difficult to have that kind of discussion without ultimately looking at some of the other aspects around rate design. And so, as that unfolds, I think we'll be able to see a little bit more about what that dialog looks like, what the other utilities are thinking. We also like the opportunity here in that from a number of different industry experts from around the country. That's one of the things that the commission has done I think a nice job in lining up. Folks are going to provide commentary during those workshops. So those are just going to start next week. We'll go in and see how those progress, and obviously that will inform some of our decision making.
Jeff Guldner: Rajeev, this is Jeff. I don't know. I think that they're going to monitor them, but don't anticipate right now any action certainly in the near-term.
Jeff Guldner: So under the current framework we have, we'd be looking at 2014 test year. And so some of the discussions that have happened earlier is whether that's the test year we'd move forward with or would we move forward potentially with a different test year. To do that, we'd have to have some change in the existing regulatory framework we have.
Jeff Guldner: Paul, this is Jeff. One of the, I think, the points you made about the change in the policy that occurred at the end of December, what we saw was a significantly higher application rate in December of folks trying to get in before that change occurred. So we know that was driving the numbers to be very high in December. The challenge to try to be with only four months essentially of data to say what's the long-term trend is you've got, among other things, that change as well as things like we don't have an upfront cash incentive right now driving folks in early in the application process to get their installations in. And so we want to make sure we're looking at that trend of data to ensure we see enough of those different variables to get a handle on what the overall long-term trend is. So I think it's too early right now to really tell.
Jeff Guldner: That's probably, I mean, I think that's our assessment is that there is a change in just the logistics of how you go through the process that's likely making it difficult to look at year-over-year comparisons, when in the year before you had upfront cash incentives that folks were trying to get.
Jeff Guldner: I think the workshops are broader than that. So when you look at just on the value of distributed generation workshop, the $5 charge was something that was adopted in our proceeding that ended last year. This is, I think, going to be a broad discussion of just how do you look at distributed generation in general and bring in again other utilities. And so, it's a little difficult to predict at this point how that's going to unfold, but again, what we're looking forward to is having experts around the country coming in and sharing their perspectives, not just on the value, we think not just on the value of distributed generation but also on how you look at the value of the grid, and the services that we're providing. And so since those haven't even started yet, it's a little hard to tell how that's going to evolve, but obviously, that's what we're looking for to next.
