Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2023 financial results. I will review those results and provide additional details on weather impacts, sales and guidance. While lower than last year, 2023 has started off in line with our expectations. We lost $0.03 per share this quarter, $0.18 lower than first quarter 2022. Weather, along with sales and customer growth, were the primary benefits this quarter, offset by higher O&M, interest, depreciation as well as a smaller benefit from pension and OPEB. Weather provided an earnings benefit this quarter, primarily driven by the lengthy winter season Jeff mentioned earlier. According to the National Weather Service, the first three-months of the year were the coolest start to a year in the Phoenix Metropolitan area since 1979, with March of 2023 being the coldest March in more than 30-years. The resulting impact was an increase in energy sales in the first quarter as residential heating degree days increased about 51% compared to the same time frame a year-ago and were 57% higher than the historical 10-year average. Turning to customer and sales growth. We experienced 2% total retail customer growth in the first quarter, which is in line with our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5%. Additionally, weather-normalized sales growth remained strong at 3.6% for the quarter and is also within our guidance range. The first quarter weather-normalized sales growth is comprised of 2.8% residential growth and 4.3% C&I growth. As previously discussed, our 2023 sales growth is driven by several large customers expanding and ramping up their usage. While our sales growth guidance remains unchanged for the year, we will continue to monitor the timing and usage of these large C&I customers coming online and adjust as necessary. Metro Phoenix continues to show strong growth in manufacturing employment of 4.8% compared to 2.6% for the entire U.S. In fact, the White House recently announced that Arizona has attracted over $58 billion of private investment for manufacturing since 2021. Additionally, we continue to project steady population growth, along with solid APS customer growth. According to recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau, Maricopa County had the largest population increase in the U.S. in 2022 and led the nation in net domestic migration. On the expense side, O&M is a significant driver relative to the first quarter last year. This is primarily due to timing, with the prior year reflecting lower-than-normal first quarter O&M levels. Importantly, our O&M guidance range for the year remains unchanged. While we continue to experience the impacts of inflation, we have a strong company-wide focus on cost management and maintain our goal of declining O&M per megawatt-hour. Interest expense was higher versus first quarter last year due to higher interest rates on higher total debt balances, though we maintain a limited portfolio of floating rate debt and have no debt maturities until mid-2024. Additionally, from a liquidity perspective, we were very pleased to successfully complete the upsizing and extension of our credit facilities out to 2028 in early April. As a quick reminder on pension, it is well funded with no expectation for contributions needed in the near-term. We remain committed to the long-term benefits of our liability-driven investment strategy and the reduced volatility of a fixed income weighted portfolio. As we have previously stated, we are expecting a headwind in 2023, and we saw this in the first quarter with lower year-over-year non-service credits partially offset by lower service cost, which is reflected in O&M expense. We will continue to evaluate options for regulatory recovery of higher benefit expenses. Our overall expectations for 2023 remain unchanged and our guidance of 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth off the midpoint of weather-normalized 2022 guidance remains intact. Our capital plan includes the investments necessary to reliably serve a rapidly growing service territory, independent of any rate case outcome and we continue to defer any potential equity issuance until resolution of the current rate case. We look forward to continuing to execute our plan though 2023 and to the resolution of the rate case. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. It is Andrew. The most important thing I would say about the O&M profile for the year is that we remain on plan. And so if you look at the year-over-year comparison, a lot of what you are seeing there in the first quarter is timing-related, where when you compare the first quarter of 2022, you are seeing an uncharacteristically low O&M first quarter if you look at the last three or four-years. And there is a confluence of things that drove last year to be lower than average. You had the A&G credits from Palo Verde and outage schedules and things like that, that drive that. But you also really didn’t see in the first quarter of last year, inflation in the way that we saw it later in the year and that we continue to see it this year. And so that run rate of O&M that we ended up with for last year really didn’t start until later in the year when we were still thinking in the first quarter of last year that inflation was transitory, it became a lot stickier. And so the trend that we typically see seasonally throughout the year, I think, holds here around O&M. This quarter looked fairly characteristic for a first quarter from an O&M perspective. We certainly continue to focus on our lean initiatives, customer affordability opportunities on the O&M side and that declining O&M per megawatt-hour. But from a shaping perspective, this year so far has looked like a relatively typical year. Last year happened to have and is driving that comparison in our chart, and in our deck to look like a drag, which certainly in the scheme of the quarter, it is year-over-year, but against an unusual comparison from last year.
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Thanks, James. And when you think about our O&M targets in absolute dollars for this year, we have guided to a range of 885 million to 905 million. And that is relative - if you take the midpoint of that range, it is relatively flat with the O&M number from last year, excluding res and DSM expense, which was at 892 million. So just on that -- simply on a midpoint basis, you are talking about most of the inflation that we recognized last year trying to hold as flat as we can to that number. And that is really the aim. We saw inflation start to come into our operating environment over the course of last year, and that was across O&M, capital, fuel, obviously, as well. And so on the O&M side, we have really been focused on all of the cost efficiency, customer affordability initiatives that we undertake. And we certainly always look at those at the end of the year after we have had the summer and make sure that we pull the levers that the team knows that they have to get to that range. So we are expecting that the - any further inflation, and we have seen inflation in Phoenix slow down on trend with the national slowdown in inflation as the Fed activity has picked up, still a higher level of inflation in our local operating environment and overall but still relatively low inflation compared to some of the areas where we are seeing people come into the service territory from. So we continue to monitor that inflation, and there is areas around wages and other things that we are monitoring, but we remain focused on our existing target, which is relatively flattish to last year at that midpoint.
Andrew Cooper: So I understand a lot of focus on the linearity of earnings. We do have a rate case before us, and that is certainly a critical contributor, given we have been relatively flat on rates for the last five-years so that is an important contributor. The sales growth, though, certainly is a factor that helps us mitigate some of the zoning pressures. And that is why we are focused on O&M per megawatt-hour as an inflationary measure because we want to be - kind of keep ourselves to account as the footprint that we have of customers within our service territory grows, that we are not letting O&M drift upward with that growing service territory. But the sales growth itself is - does have some large customers ramping up. They are ramping up over the next several years. And so that long-term 4.5% to 6.5% sales growth range is dependent on the continued uptick of those large customers on the manufacturing and data center side over those years. Certainly, the first phases of TSMC are a big initial impact, but there are a number of customers in that mix, the TSMC supply chain, the data centers that are contributing over the time frame of our sales growth guidance range.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, yes. And Alex, also, if you look at this year in particular, we continue to monitor for signs of economic slowdown. The first quarter certainly showed that ramp-up of those larger customers. C&I growth contributed 4.3%, which was pretty solid and in line with the range that we have overall for the year. But on the residential side and the small C&I side, but really on the residential side, we continue to see despite that work-from-home trend being mature, in fact, some people going back to the office, we saw a sizable uptick in usage per customer this quarter. It was kind of a full robust winter tourism season, part-time residents, visitors to the valley here. So we continue to see strength in the economy. Those are the types of things that we monitor within a given year to assess the health of the economy. And certainly, as the inflation rate has started to come down here, that is been a meaningful contributor. Customer growth is a big piece of that as well, that 2% customer growth, continuing to look at that, where the cost of living in Arizona remains affordable relative to areas where the net migration is happening from, which is particularly cities in California, that is another measure of economic vitality that we measure. There is a rule of thumb that we tend to use around 1% of sales growth. Remember, the large C&I customers come in at a lower margin. So if you think about 1% of C&I sales, it is less than $10 million. It is in the $5 million to $10 million range of revenue from 1% of large C&I. Residential, it is in the $25 million-plus, 1% growth annually in residential would be $25 million-plus of incremental revenue.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Jeff is right, the 2% customer growth in that range is something that we see continuing, given the factors that I talked about. A lot of it is offset by energy efficiency, as Jeff described. We certainly look to the small C&I growing up around the new subdivisions and things as well. The area that we are starting to monitor this year, we don’t have numbers around it, but it is EV, electric vehicle penetration. That is one area where usage per customer on the residential side is forecasted to pick up over time. So that EV penetration is an important part of the calculus around the residential because as we have -- kind of we are starting to see last year, the work-from-home trend reached a point of saturation. In fact, as I mentioned, we have had people start going back to the office. So when you take that plus energy efficiency, it eats into quite a bit of the customer growth. So it will be the impacts of things like EVs, if you go out into the future.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Dariusz, I mean, obviously, we follow those cases pretty closely, and we are always open to looking at different alternatives. I think in our case, still focused on the kind of mechanisms that we currently have and that we have used before is probably the better path for us. But we are early. We will wait and see how the staff testimony comes in, the intervenor testimony comes in, and then we will begin working from there.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. I don’t want to go into kind of a ballpark. Obviously, I think a couple of things that are moving. One, as you know, the Court of Appeals did come in our last case, I will say, I think that 8.7 in the last case was very much an outlier. And I believe that the commission of the parties kind of have seen the negative impacts that can happen when you get a cost of capital that has stepped far outside of kind of industry norms. We did see in the Court of Appeals, the 20 basis point disallowance that had been addressed by the commission. That was reversed by the Court. So we are still waiting to see whether the appeals go up, but I think that moves you up to an 8.9 from the last case. And then I do think it is fair to look at what you are seeing recommended for the other utilities. Probably the most important differentiator for us that we will continue to emphasize as we work through this case is the cost of capital from a risk profile for a utility like Tucson Electric has historically been 25 to 50 basis points lower than ours because we operate Palo Verde. And so Palo Verde is an immense benefit to customers but it creates a higher risk profile, therefore, a higher cost of equity. And that historically has been recognized by the commission. It wasn’t in the last case, and that was a point that we had tried to emphasize. And so again, we will continue to emphasize that as we move forward here. But until we see the staff and intervenor testimony come in here next month or in the next little while, I don’t want to speculate on what we think is reasonable for that. We will work with what we get.
Jeffrey Guldner: Travis, we still see, and Coop can probably talk about the sort of specifics, but we still see very robust rooftop solar penetration. I think we have the highest per capita rooftop solar in the U.S. outside of Hawaii. And so that tends to offset some of that on the residential side. The growth is still good. It also drives kind of multiplier effects as you get more C&I that comes in to support those residential customers, so it is still certainly a net positive. But yes, it is hard to make it a linear equation. That is typically what we see right through.
Jeffrey Guldner: No. Travis, if you dig into our stuff, you will see we are - and it is kind of partly because of where we are located in the country. But if you look at us and project who serves the other half of Phoenix, we have the highest penetration of time of use rates. We have residential demand rates. We are very far ahead of the curve nationally on rate design. And so a lot of that is really what is incenting customers to do things. We have an incredibly robust smart thermostat program that we use to help us get through the summer from a demand response perspective. And so a lot of the stuff that you might be thinking in other states is going to start hitting the commission, has hit the commission, and we are well ahead of a lot of our peers in those areas.
