James R. Hatfield: Well, Shahriar, I would say, our guidance, sort of booking of the 9.5% to 10%, earned ROE. And I think no real change in our outlook as we look to '14 and beyond, the pieces of the rate base growth, earnings growth and dividend growth are still intact.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, and just in terms of Four Corners and the EPA, I think the EPA came out earlier this year which was for new sources, and they are coming out with existing sources won't be for an additional amount of time. So our plans right now are to just close the transaction, and so SCR is in '17 and '18, and we think that'll fit within the EPA guidelines.
James R. Hatfield: Absolutely, Greg. Like I said in my remarks, we were off in the third quarter. It's consistent with last year, where we're off to the third quarter as well, and it certainly met our expectations from sales growth.
James R. Hatfield: We do not have the last 50 megawatts of Arizona Sun in our forecast at the moment. It would likely be in a '15 event.
James R. Hatfield: Sure. I think you have a couple of components here: one, obviously, is 0.5% sales growth; and the others would be, as we've talked about, the mechanisms we have in place that continue to add the gross margin on an annual basis. You have the TSA. You have the RES. You have the LSCR. And of course, we've assumed that 1/2 year at Four Corners. So you would get 1/2 of that -- roughly 1/2 in '14 and 1/2 in '15, assuming it goes in on July 1.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think so far, and we don't know what October is yet, because it's last day of the month. We know it was terribly mild. Like I said, we haven't had an October like this since 1998. So I think at the end of September, we still had about $0.06 or $0.07 of weather. Positive weather, so you'd have to weather-normalize from that. Our rule of thumb on 1% sales growth is roughly $10 million of net income, which equates to about $0.09. So you would have $0.04 or so just based on sales growth.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. Well, right now, we're seeing the DGPs probably take away about 0.5% of sales growth or so. And the rest is, as we talked about EE and conservation. And we don't see a lot of variability in that number, obviously. We expect DG will grow but so will a number of customers and so you'll see fairly consistent sort of 0.5%.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, I think, Julien, you think you have really in '14 somewhat of a lull in growth, but our growth rate hasn't changed. And we talked about our forecast of '15, but beyond that, we have, as we sit here today, planning peakers in the valley that was our '17, '18 event, you have SCRs which are '17, '18 events as well. So we don't really see a slowdown in our growth rate as we sit here today.
James R. Hatfield: We haven't talked about increase or decrease. We think it's going to be consistent steady growth which supports our dividend growth outlook.
James R. Hatfield: We have not -- it's something we've looked at, but right now, we have no plans to get into DG. Our plans in the solar space would be more utility scale with PPAs to creditworthy customers.
James R. Hatfield: No, I would say it's in line. I don't think we're -- as I said, the sort of sales reduction was not outside our expectation. We did have a little higher property tax, which is something that we probably didn't expect. We see property tax rates going up about 10%. Remember, we have the deferral mechanisms, we are able to deferral a good part of that. Other than that, I'd say it's in line with expectations.
James R. Hatfield: They're somewhat connected but obviously, our goal would be to stay out as long as we can. It's likely to be pushed off but we do have the peakers and the SCRs, which at some point will want to make sure we recover.
James R. Hatfield: Well, as we said last year, we have 4% dividend growth and sort of 6% rate base growth long term. And so earnings are going to -- that would be your bookends from an earnings perspective.
James R. Hatfield: Well, Kevin, we haven't come out with a long-term EPS growth rate. But like we said at the analyst meeting last year, you have 6% rate base growth, 4% dividend growth. That's going to be your bookends for earnings growth on a sort of a CAGR, knowing that any year could be plus or minus, depending upon various factors.
James R. Hatfield: No, I think some of the factors for next year are things like a smaller -- we're basing it as a smaller TCA this year. That will pick up in '15 just based on transmission spend and the way our formula works. And we are only have Four Corners for 1/2 a year, you're exactly right.
James R. Hatfield: I don't think there's anything unique about this year's quarter. Sales were off 1.2% last year, which was actually a little better than we thought it'd be last year. So nothing really unique about the third quarter. Keep in mind, you have a lot of weather variability in our largest quarter. That always has an impact on numbers as well.
James R. Hatfield: Weather is an art, not a science. I know guys disagree with that assessment, but you look at average temperature and you get peak highs and lower lows and it always has an impact. But that's our calculation that we came up with.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I would pick if we see, sort of, net kWh sales growth, our aspiration is to be at or lower than the rate of sales growth. So, as we look to next year, with the 0.5% kWh sales expectation, I would think you could assume that we're going to be fairly flat in '14 over '13.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, so the '14 number is roughly a little over $900 million. Our '13 number is about $1.1 billion. Keep in mind, we've assumed the Four Corners in there for '13, which pushes that number up a bit.
James R. Hatfield: Well, the docket was held open for Four Corners. We will file the cost of service and ask before the end of the year. And like we said earlier, that pace has been adjudicated once and we will just update our expectation for cost of service with our filing and we expect it to go into effect July 1.
James R. Hatfield: Well, any sort of regulatory filing has people on all sides. I will say, this came out in the last case that was adjudicated what we believe our cost of service should be. I think you could expect people to question any sort of changes in that. But the cost of service has been put out there and explained in our last -- in the original filing. So I don't think it will be a surprise to anybody.
James R. Hatfield: Well, our proposal, staff proposal, and I haven't read through the whole process yet, so I can't really comment, although I'm sure it's probably similar, is it's some sort of monthly charge. But keep in mind, all of the -- there's no new money to APS. Any fee collected in the near term would go to offset the LFCR. So there would be no net revenue to APS and a reduction in LFCR going forward until the next rate case will use that rate case design.
James R. Hatfield: Near term, there will be no change to nonsolar customers. As proposed by us and staff, it would be a monthly charge other than whatever they decide to do with upfront incentives, which should be collected through the rest.
James R. Hatfield: Well, our biggest project -- I mean, we have several projects, as we talked about. Our biggest project is our Hassayampa in North Gila, Substation 2, which is about a $230 million spend that does not go into service until May of '15. So that's our big one. Everything else is pretty fairly routine. We're always adding substations and adding capacity to make sure the system's robust. So between now and '15, I don't really see any incremental opportunities. Longer term, as growth picks up, we've got to do more and more transmissions just to support the system load.
James R. Hatfield: Well, as I said earlier, Craig, let's assume that Commission rules on the staff proposal, for example. That offset is a reduction in the LFCR. So again, there will be known net gross margin to APS until such time we have our next rate case.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, I mean, again, it right now is 0.5%. We have about 20,000 residential installations. That's a small piece of the system. And any up or down of sort of installation is not going to really impact our key number.
James R. Hatfield: Well, they come from our mechanisms: 1.5 a year Four Corners; interest in DNA is going to go up. But that's sort of a-- and then that's sort of a difference in our guidance would be those 2 factors: a little higher gross margin; a little higher interest in G&A in 2014.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have the LFCR, which part and then we have the Renewable Energy Standard, which is our implementation plan. So any of the Arizona Sun projects, we know we're going to get 32 megawatts in '14 and that will help gross margin as well.
Donald E. Brandt: That is correct, Greg, that it would be our direction to earn towards our allowed rate of return. Let me add, before we get too far away from your last question about customer growth, and I know you and others would be interested in this. I just had a discussion day before yesterday with some representatives of the homebuilders industry. And to use their words, the builders are not able to meet the current demand for housing in the area, and the key issues are 3: they identified labor shortage, which they have actually built some trade schools to get construction labor back up to speed; the permitting process, and that's going through the various city and county government entities; and a lack of improved lots right now, which they're going at gangbusters. So my word is not theirs. I think theirs is initial hurdle to get over, to get those pieces in place, and we'll see things start to accelerate relative to solar -- excuse me, sales growth, which is in line with essentially what Jim was telling you a few minutes ago.
Donald E. Brandt: Kevin, I think you're probably far ahead of our thought. Our objective is to run the business exceptionally well, control our costs, deliver outstanding value and service to our customers. And as Jim said, we have no plans for equity in '14, and it's not our objective, or I doubt many other electric utilities in the country to file rate cases as a first course of action. So, we'll deal with that as our plans evolve.
Donald E. Brandt: Kit, let me -- this is Don. As I know you know, net metering is a cost shifting issue. It's fundamentally a customer issue. It's no secret to the current net metering structure creates a cost shift that unfairly burdens nonsolar customers. Other important stakeholders like the ACC's staff and RUCO has acknowledged this fact. And without a doubt, the time to fix this problem is now before it gets worse. And that's the key, is fix it now while it's easily fixable. The best way to encourage the continued growth of rooftop solar is not through hidden subsidies as currently exist with the net metering structure. And those subsidies are funded by nonsolar customers. But rather, through transparent upfront incentives funded by all customers. And fixing the current net metering policy will help continue Arizona's national leadership in solar energy.
Donald E. Brandt: Well Paul, Don Brandt here. It's important to take our proposals in their entirety. And most importantly upfront, we said is the existing -- whether it's 18,000, 20,000 customers that are already on rooftop to grandfather them, so they're not impacted. If you like, there's a takeaway. To fix and we had 2 different proposals basically to fix the nontransparent subsidy that is inherent in the current net metering structure. But then, equally importantly is to provide an upfront transparent subsidy. We didn't recommend any specific number but our idea is a number that would continue to allow the rooftop solar market to continue to flourish in Arizona as it has been. But to do it in a transparent manner that in future years, every year, the Commission could reconsider that amount of subsidy to reflect: one, changing an overall public policy goals; but also, the expectation is that solar panel prices and installation costs will continue to decline dramatically as they have in the past few years.
Donald E. Brandt: It is lower. But we thought it was a fair and equitable solution. It's a customers issue balancing the interests of customers without solar and those that are going to elect to install solar. There's no expectation that it would decline. And just to sort of set the record straight, I mean, APS is one of the strongest proponents of solar energy in Arizona and we have the record to prove it. Arizona has the largest percentage of per capita solar per customer in the nation. And this is a cost shifting and fairness issue, the current net metering structure. When it became apparent, we took action at the Corporation Commission that we believe is in the best interest of Arizona and all electricity customers. And we look forward to a constructive discussion that we started earlier this year. And as you point out, and I think you used the perfect word to describe it, but instead, we immediately became the target of intense political attack from Solar City and Sunrun and a few other organizations, that established organizations that twisted the facts, misdirected the conversation from the actual issue and proposed ideas that would further harm our customers. It wasn't a fight we sought, and we would have preferred to avoid it. But we had to set the record straight. We have an obligation to our customers, our employees and shareholders. And I think it's going to be very evident in what's been filed already with the Commission and their hearings middle of next month.
Donald E. Brandt: I think that's very correct. Kind of add my point of that, I'd direct you if you want to take a look at the editorial in the Wall Street Journal, the Monday before last, about how government is making solar billionaires. And that's how you get apoplectic behavior, when they feel their profit margins are threatened.
