Jim Hatfield: So I think, we look at 2016, 2017, 2018 up around $30 million a year most of it is distribution spend.
Jim Hatfield: No, I think what you’ve seen the need to the cost to hook up commercial a little higher and it just, fine tuning our estimates as we get here unit the end of the year.
Jim Hatfield: Nothing. I mean, we’ll see what happens it’s a proposal. Comments are due by the end of November and we’ll see ultimately where that goes, on that subject though obviously an increase and would give us more upside to CapEx which is not really baked into anything at this point.
Jim Hatfield: So as we continue to see a further solidification of the market incremental new business we expect to the 2016 through 2018 you’ll see a continual upward slope in customer growth resulting retail sales and what that means in terms of CapEx remains to be seen.
Jim Hatfield: We’re not really seeing anything different in usage [ph] patterns per customer obviously every residential that’s added from a new units going to use less synergy then equivalent one or 10 years ago that’s just the [indiscernible] world we’re in we’re 0.3% for the year and in line with guidance.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. Rate design January 27 hearing March 22 that would be a window, where a settlement could occur.
Jim Hatfield: Well, we file for a rate case with 10.5% ROE. So assuming we get decent outcome in the rate case that supports the longer term growth Ocotillo, Four Corners, SCR’s [ph] deferrals and so on, yes that would be a good benchmark to think about.
Jim Hatfield: Well our guidance 2016 through 2018 from a sales growth perspective is a half of 1% sales on low end to 1.5% on the top end and I think as history has shown us in the last couple of years, slightly better improvement in customer growth and sales as we move through the timeframe. As I referenced earlier, with the low vacancy rates in apartments and low mortgage rates, you’re seeing household formation 25 to 34 begin to increase across the country and that’s holds true for the Metro Phoenix are as well. So it’s going to be better in 2018 than it is this year. 2017 should be better than 2016. Exactly what that means, think you’ll have to look to our guidance.
Jim Hatfield: I mean it’s possible but really what we have is stronger commercial growth than we’re seeing on the residential side which is sort of supporting the sales growth as we sit here today. I always say weather is an art, not a science, but it wasn’t so extreme like you would see in the solar [ph] month, you sort of tend to skew your degree days.
