Donald Brandt: Well, I would say that, since we haven't gone beyond 2018, is our fossils - overall spend has always been lumpy. And you can see on Slide 14 and the appendix so to the historical pattern. This was an unusual year with the SCRs and scope of the work done to make that happen, along with gas plants as I said based on starting hours. So I'll just say it's a lumpy, but this year it's unusually high.
Donald Brandt: Good question, Greg. We continue to look for those opportunities. And I think it's going to be largely driven by the kind of growth we're seeing, some of the things that Jim touched on, but an addition to that, Maricopa County, where Phoenix is at, the number one population growth center in the United States. We saw employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2% compared to 1.5% for the nation and realtor.com projects Phoenix to be the number one housing market in 2017. We've had the larger customer side, like Intel, which isn't the customer, but they announced a new fab facility in the Metro area, which the housing component has add in the service sector will bleed over into our service territory. And you used to get the card drive around and the card looks blinded block without multi-family project going up in the Downtown Phoenix is really taken off. So it's pretty bullish on our customer expectation over the next two to five years and I think that will drive a lot of our CapEx spending.
Donald Brandt: We have smart meters in across our system. So they are fully deployed. Don mentioned ADMS, which is really the grid, technology that allows us to get visibility into the grid and control. And I would say, our annual spend today on things like integrated greater more are probably $40 million to $50 million and that's really evolving at this point, so ample opportunity to continue to support the two way grid.
Donald Brandt: So Navajo is closing in 2019. The way it stands today. We did an RFP last year for beyond 2020. We have one in store right now as well. So I think unless are talking about the successful sort of safety type, I would not put anything in near-term.
Donald Brandt: So the RFP's in process now. We're nearing the final stages at this point. We did not final stages at this point. We did not include in of build, own, transfer or sales build at this point. This is really for power blocks for day. It is what we're really looking for.
Donald Brandt: Last year's RFP was for 2020 and beyond, so we'll get through this RFP and see what our needs are at this point.
Donald Brandt: They look at normal payout ratio per se, although, we look at payout ratio and credit metrics and everything. They use to look at our long-term future and see that we have a good plan in place with growth. We started the dividend increase as we drove that 4%, we raise it to 5% in 2015, so as far they are manually looking at our sustainable dividend growth.
James Hatfield: Well, I would just state it this way since we don't give earnings growth is, our rate base growth is 6% to 7%, the board and the management team is very comfortable of what we'd see through the next rate cycle. So you can imply anything you want on that.
James Hatfield: I would say that, year-to-date, of 0.1%. We saw a somewhat of the slowdown usages that came probably in October. Probably some impact in there, higher than the rate case. We had a weak fourth quarter of 2016, so I think sales are right in line with what we've forecasted throughout the year.
James Hatfield: Yes. So the exact number will be in our EEI slide deck, which will be filed later today and we're just finalizing the number, but you did see a fall off on what we expected with the pull forward in 2018 to the grandfathering, but that number will be in slide that we'll follow later today.
James Hatfield: And Greg we will have a updated - we'll file all updated CapEx including 2020 in our 10-K in February, so that will give you all so outlook in the future.
James Hatfield: Yes, we don't really need anything at the moment. But we'll evaluate ongoing whether we need something that or not so.
James Hatfield: Well, I think we'll continue to play more battery storage as we move forward. I think we're taking a measured pace to make sure we're not in front of the cost curve. As Don said, we're putting in a couple of batteries in the rural area to in lieu of upgrading the circuit. And I think there will continue to be opportunities where we can sort of capital near-term few battery storage. But we're just getting started at battery storage at this point.
James Hatfield: Obviously, we don't think 3% is normal or the board would normal rate the dividend of 6%. 2018, as it sits today as a test year. There's a lot of capital if that recovered in there you have the training of the - you have a deferral, but you are not earning on it. So now I think it's just on unusual year if you look back historically we've grown from 10% to 1.5% EPS and I wish desktop was leaner it makes it a lot easier but unfortunately it's not leaner. We're always have cycles through the rate cycle.
James Hatfield: So the way it sits today, remember we have the step increase in the Four Corners which will be 1/1/2019. We currently have 2018 as a test year which would be - Ocotillo will be done in May of 2019 and then it will be the rest of the capital and with 2018 test year as it sits today.
James Hatfield: So we cannot file the before moving on to 2019, so if you think about the last cycle we filed June 1, rate will to effect July 1, 2020 and that's as it's currently contemplated.
James Hatfield: I haven't calculated it, but certainly your $0.11 in 2018 over 2017 is part of that up and down that happens on a year-to-year basis.
James Hatfield: I'll say overall O&M and obviously this goes up and down, cents per kWh, O&M expense as a - cent per kWh whether normalized retail sales have been flat since 2010 at $0.275 of kWh. So we'll work hard that to keep O&M certainly over the timeframe based on kWh growth.
