Jim Hatfield: Well, you know, again, and that 6% rate base [inaudible] – you do have equity in ’14, you do have a little bit of regulatory lag, all though a lot of that has been mitigated, and we’re assuming, you know, cost control. If all those things come true, and the economy recovers, about a 1% customer increase equals 10 million in after tax earnings on average. Since we’re assuming no sales growth over the 2015, we don’t think there is a lot of downside in the growth number, and so that sort of gives you a [inaudible] of [inaudible] what may happen if we do see some acceleration. 
Jim Hatfield: No, but since they break down we do – we assume compliance on energy efficiency which goes up every year, and then – and then we have the renewable energy standard by ’15 and we do know that from a deployment perspective, we’re slightly ahead of target – we can track those pretty good. And so, we feel that we have those two, and we do have just some customer conservation in there due to continued lack of direction of the long term economy. 
Jim Hatfield: No, my one percent of additional growth is just the same as additional 1% - customers came out of the system, normally you see to have gained about 10 million after tax earning. 
Jim Hatfield: It’s both aspirational, but I have highly great confidence in our ability to do that. We – you know, the good news for me from a cost perspective, is – you know, what we’re trying to accomplish from the cost side is not just coming from the CFO – I have a good partner and [inaudible] loaning from the off side, and together we are pretty aligned, and pretty much seeing the same path going forward. So, I’m pretty confident now.
Jim Hatfield: You know, Neil, now that I think we have a runway out through ’15, I would expect, you know, the board will look at the dividend policy later this year. 
Jim Hatfield: Let me add to that, traditionally, our board’s a little bit the dividend level – the annualize dividend level at their October meeting, and I think this year would be consistent with that, the board will take a look at it, and we’ve accomplished a lot in the last few years in rebuilding our balance sheet, and getting our earnings up to a competitive level, and I think those are all positive aspects going into the fall, and the dividend decision. 
Jim Hatfield: Currently, in terms of us, the regional haze rule advise to all [inaudible] four corners, Navaho, and [inaudible] three and four. The state proposed [inaudible] would be to install low nox burners in over fired air. All thought the EPA recently rejected that, and calling for more stringent, expensive FCRs, and what [inaudible] determined schedule for November of this year. The EPA proposed to burn it for [inaudible] be the insulation on FCRs on units four and five, it’s been in the transaction close and we don’t have a bared ruling from the EPA on Navaho at this time.
Jim Hatfield: Yes, really it effects [inaudible] at this point, and we don’t have – we have the state plan in there, I think, it’s about 182 million if we had to implement the rest of the EPA.
Jim Hatfield: I think that the 9.5 really relates to ’13 through ’15, if you think about how we have that rate increase in the second half of the year, and we have the mechanisms from the nine settlement in the first half of the year, but – so, I would suspect slightly to exceed the 9.5 in 2012 with a sort of a hybrid year.
Jim Hatfield: It would decelerate because you have four corners in 2012, which is a large piece of that component in ’12.
Jim Hatfield: No proxy for size at this point, and you know, it wouldn’t be until ’14 at the earliest and we would have to get to ’14 to make a decision as to what we are going to do at that point.
Jim Hatfield: Brian, with 6% rate based growth, it would be hard for me to see a path of 6% range growth, whether normalized. Because you do have the delusion at some point assumed throughout to stay out, and you do, and we’ll continue to have some regulatory lag. So, I would say it’s going to be south of that.
Jim Hatfield: I think Paul, we have increasing standards each year going forward, so you’re going to see acceleration of those programs. And we believe it’s going to offset the increase in customer growth through that timeframe.
Jim Hatfield: You know Chris, it stays above 50% throughout that timeframe. It gets down to, you know, maybe 51 ½% but we have healthy credit metrics throughout the stale period.
Don Brandt: Yes, FCRs on units two and three at [inaudible] would cost us about 182 million in additional CapEx.
Don Brandt: We expect to get the transaction closed by the end of the year, say around the first of December, and we’re in active negotiations on the coal supply contract. Like with most contracts it involves price.
Don Brandt: Well, Kevin I think where we’re at now is pretty close to the conclusion of rebuilding (1) the company’s balance sheet. Significantly adding some consistency, to the Arizona Regulatory Environment, both consistency and creditability with the expeditious resolution of the last settlement and the settlement before that, that laid really the ground work going forward. You just talked to Jim about earnings growth, and earning at a minimum 9.5% ROE going forward, and that kind of lays the groundwork. (2) The next step is we have had the dividend frozen for a number of years at the current level. That’s something again that the board is going to address at our October board meeting in all likelihood. And I think you’ll see a dividend path forward coming out this fall.
Don Brandt: Well it could. Our minimum funding requirements would drop under the highway bill, as we understand the perimeters right now. The result of dropping our funding, Jim going forward, is it drives our expense up. And so at this point with the liquidity we have, and a plan in place, we’re still planning on funding at pre-highway bill levels, which is somewhere in the $150 -$160 area ’13 through ’15.
Don Brandt: Well a couple of thing on the Jim, obviously are, when we try to reach that at test year we’re very happy with our 53 -54 equity ratio, for making purposes that obviously will fluctuate throughout the time frame, just based on the fact that we’re not in a test year. Our coverage metrics are fine. We will realize that a lot of the bonus depreciation for tax purposes next year as well, because we have a tax law set, you know, we have to carry forward.  So, we’re very pleased with cash flow, liquidity, and our balance sheet at this point. And it’s not going to deteriorate throughout the sale period.
Don Brandt: They would come under the EIS once we started putting them into on the units, and of course you’d like to try a time load, so you can maximize that. I’ll just point out that that EIS is capped about a roughly a $5 million revenue requirement on an annual basis. So, it won’t be one for one recovery, but of course every little bit helps.
Don Brandt: Yes, you’re right, it sort of accelerates throughout through ’15. What really drives that Paul, is we don’t see the absorption of available homes are getting to a level until around the end of next year, early ’14 where you’ll see the construction side will start again. And of course, when construction cycles starts, that leads to retail sales which leads to other jobs, which you know has a sort of snowballing affect. So, it’s just the natural digging out of the inventory that we have in Phoenix. 
Don Brandt: Yes. I mean we had at the peak somewhere around 35,000 available homes and apartments, and we’ve absorbed about 10,000 roughly of those. And until you get the construction cycle moving, that will be the driver, and it’s going to take some time.
Don Brandt: The slide that we have had previously is still pretty much intact from a rate based perspective, and obviously as we move to ’15, we’re starting to get into some environmental and some more growth type of projections.
