Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Phil. As you read in today's press release, we were lowering our 2015 CapEx budget by $450 million or 18% in response to the current economic environment. This consists of $425 million in EQT Production and $25 million in EQT Midstream. Of the $425 million reductions at EQT Production, $400 million is related to reductions in our drilling and completions budgets. We're reducing our Permian program to 5 wells, which were required to hold our acreage. And in the Marcellus, we are narrowing our focus to our highest-return Marcellus development areas. And the remaining $25 million reduction is in G&G and facilities expenditures. These cuts do not assume any service cost deflation. While we expect to realize significant service cost reductions, we are currently in negotiations with all of our suppliers and do not want to forecast specific savings until those negotiations are concluded. Moving on to our dry gas Utica well. As you know, we spud this county [ph] well in November. During the drilling of the curve, we encountered higher-than-expected reservoir pressures. Based on the pressures observed, we needed to significantly increase our mud weight. However, the mud system on the rig is not rated high enough for what's required to continue drilling. Therefore, we are now bringing in a rig with a higher-rated mud system, which has caused us to be behind our original schedule. We expect that rig to be on location toward the end of February. But despite this minor timing setback, we continue to be excited and optimistic about our dry gas Utica potential beneath our acreage. Finally, I'd like to discuss our reserve report. This morning, we announced year-end 2014 total proved reserves of 10.7 Tcfe, with a 2.4 Tcfe or 29% higher than the previous year and represents a reserve replacement ratio of 590%. Extensions in discoveries totaled 3.3 Tcfe, which included 939 Bcfe of crude reserves from 220 wells that were unproved in 2013, but they were drilled and completed in 2014. This is consistent with the company's history of continuing to expand its footprint and develop areas that we believe to be economic even when they do not meet the SEC's definition of proved reserves. Another piece of the 3.3 Tcfe of extensions in discoveries was 1.4 Tcfe of previously probable and possible reserves that we plan to drill over the next 5 years that were moved to proved undeveloped due to expansion of the geographic area classified as proved, longer-planned laterals and improved type curves. Additionally, 954 Bcfe from new locations, primarily as a result of acreage additions, were booked as PUD reserves. And one final comment on proved reserves, 790 Bcfe of proved undeveloped reserves were converted to crude developed in 2014 as a result of our drilling and completion program. Our 3P reserves, or the total of proved, probable, and possible reserves, increased 6.4 Tcfe to 42.8 Tcfe, an 18% increase over the prior year. This increase was mostly in the Marcellus and does not include any dry Utica. And finally, we are adjusting our guidance for our DD&A rate for 2015 to reflect the finalized reserve report. We now estimate our per unit DD&A to be $1.17 per Mcfe or $0.05 lower than 2014. Also, as you see in our 10-K that we expect to file next week, our after-tax PV-10 was $4.8 billion, 22% higher than last year, driven by the increase in crude reserves. This reflects a NYMEX price calculating in accordance with the SEC requirements that was $0.70 per dekatherm higher than in 2013. However, a decrease in regional basis of $0.71 per dekatherm led to an effective wellhead price that was $0.01 lower than last year. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Porges for his comments.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes. Phil, this is Steve. Yes, we continue to have a fairly long lag time from TIL -- or from spud to TIL, that will continue. So what that means is most of the changes in '15's CapEx plan will affect 2016 production, and we've announced no impact on 2015. We'll maintain the ability to ramp up fairly quickly if the current price environment would approve and dictate that, that's a prudent thing to do. So we could change our plans fairly quickly. But given the plan that we just announced with the CapEx reductions, we think it's safe to say that we expect to be in the mid- to high-teens production growth in 2016. And again, if things improve and we can ramp back up, then that number would go up as well.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Michael, we're right in the middle of that process. I can tell you, we have contacted all of our suppliers requesting a reduction, and we are starting now to get responses. And we're pretty happy with what we're seeing so far. But again, it's in the middle of the process, and we're hesitant to really comment in detail on it because we don't want that compromise any of our negotiations. But I think over the course of the next 3 or 4 weeks, we should conclude the bulk of that and have a better idea of exactly how much savings we expect to get.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: What I'll tell you is we had the mud up to 18.7 pound per gallon mud, which indicates an extremely high pressure gradient. And we were several pounds per gallon below that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: The next test will -- is planned for Wetzel County. And beyond that, it will depend on the results we see from the first 2.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think it's going to be strictly dependent on what we find, so we have -- we don't have a lot of direct geologic data. So these are -- they are first tests, so we're going to gather a lot of data. And depending on what we see, we'll determine where we need to go. So first one, Southwestern Pennsylvania, second one, Northern West Virginia and beyond that will be determined by those first 2.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I hesitate to say that given that these are exploratory wells, and as we've already seen, unexpected things can happen, so we expect to be back drilling the curve in the lateral on the first well in late February. So that should take a few weeks, and then we'll be fracking the well, so that pushes it out probably another month. But with these kinds of wells, it's hard to predict. So -- but in this early spring, we would hope to start getting some results.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Neal, I think it's a little early to really try and project, really, what's going to happen with dry Utica, given that we haven't even finished our first well. So I think we're going to hold off even commenting on that until we've got some test results and really can quantify what we think the impact of a success in the dry Utica might be.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Joe, it is up a little bit. I don't actually have the number right in front of me, so we're checking on that to tell you how much. But it is an increase over '14.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, the rig count, we -- for the bulk of the year, we expect to have 8 big rigs running and 4 topple rigs, so a total rig count of 12. I think we’re currently at 15 as we stand today, but that will be ramping down here shortly.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Remember that the majority -- the clear majority of what we spend on any well is spent after we've -- after the drilling rig itself has moved off the location. And yet our account is typically for spuds.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think you actually answered your own question. So our focus is definitely going to be in our core Southwestern Pennsylvania, Northern West Virginia areas. Until recently, the Northern West Virginia development has a slightly higher return in our Southwestern PA even though the Pennsylvania wells were a bit more productive because of the liquid uplift. The current liquids market, that's flip flopped a little bit. So the southwestern PA dry gas area is back on top with Northern West Virginia close second, but pretty much pulling back everywhere else. So yes, the C counties, no drilling and some of the step-out wells we were doing, especially some of the dry areas of West Virginia is where we're cutting back.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Michael, I don't have the specific numbers in front of me. But regarding the timing, I think you're likely to see production in the second and third quarters to sort of moderate a bit. So this year will be a first in 4 quarters it'd be where our growth has been. And if you look back over our history, you'll see that, that moves around. But we generally have a couple of quarters every year with bigger sequential growth than the other 2 quarters. This year is more likely to be first and fourth, sort of [ph] bigger increases, just based on the timing of our drilling plan.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: But we're not experiencing anything any different than others. We just -- I mean, we have less wet gas, obviously, than some of our peers, so we don't -- the impact is more muted for us. So it's probably better, folks, for you to ask about that question. But -- so we don't have anything, really, to offer other than what you see in the market, which is that ethane prices are very weak, especially netted back to the wellhead, especially. And propane, because of the storage situation, is also quite weak. And there's a variety of takeaway projects that are in the market, that are just designed to mitigate some of that. But it's -- when oil prices have dropped as much as they have, it's really swimming upstream.
David L. Porges: We're all looking at each other. We haven't actually gone through all of those sensitivities. It is fair to say that if we spend less, then the growth rates will be a little bit less. But frankly, we would still think that they would have approached the levels that we have talked about previously if the strip remains what it is at. I mean, it's -- at the current strip, you're probably looking -- you might be looking at more like mid to high teens for the next couple of years, but we have tried to position ourselves so that we could ramp up, as Steve mentioned, pretty quickly if need be. I mean, that's part of the benefit of having cut back more than cash flow would have dictated that we needed to. But we haven't really run through a variety of sensitivities in this kind of volatile market to give you a good answer to your question about what the growth rate would be at different NYMEX prices. Over the course of the next couple of months, we probably will run through those types of sensitivities, and certainly, we'll share those as we do.
David L. Porges: Well, the -- our inside counsel who is in the room are staring at us with what feels like daggers, and they have -- they reminded us before the call that given that we've announced our intention to file a prospectus, an S-1, that we really shouldn't be commenting on such things. So I hope you will understand our reluctance to answer that question. I will comment that I think other people's GP opportunities have not necessarily been impacted by this if they're in a -- an area that has a favorable -- relatively favorable cost structure such as the Marcellus, Utica.
David L. Porges: So in other words, it's -- we're happy -- we're just as happy with the money that we get from selling our own gas into a premium market, as we would be to sell to right to move the gas, sell that right to somebody else. We still get the benefit. And of course, we continue to add capacity, basically, every year from now for the next couple or 3 years, 4 years.
David L. Porges: Neal, we have this in the press release that's under guidance. So the differential for the year, we're projecting at between negative $0.40 and negative $0.50. And for the first quarter, we expect it to be positive $0.10 to $0.15.
David L. Porges: No. The differentials is -- they were less than $0.05 better than in December, about $0.05 better. It's the NYMEX price that mainly is impacting the cash flow.
David L. Porges: Yes. There's a lot of CapEx that's -- for completing wells that we're spud last year. So you have a -- your CapEx, it goes against well spud against last year. And then wells are spud this year, there'll be CapEx associated with those that carry into next year as well. So it's very normal to have a disconnect there.
David L. Porges: Yes, there will be with any of these things. It's not specific to our situation. But the requirements have more to do with how much kind of indirectly, I guess, you'd say, how much of the ownership of the underlying operating assets that we have. So that's -- it wouldn't be specifically EQT's ownership of this GP HoldCo. It would be more related to that ownership x the HoldCo's ownership of EQM. That would really be more of what would be looked through. So exactly how any such entity goes about optimizing that is kind of depends on the circumstances. We'd -- and we'll be taking a look of that. But that's really the issue. It's not the standard C corp, C corp, where you think about you need to add about 80% ownership, 80% -- and then -- and spend 80%, if that's what you're getting at. It's a much lower thresholds, but your requirements are tied to what that underlying -- the ownership of the underlying operating businesses.
David L. Porges: I haven't really thought that EQM's funding needs are necessarily related to that, so I would grant you, that given what we just talked about, the -- when you need more funding, that you too can get to the point where you'd dilute the parent company's ownership sufficiently that you'd say, "Geez, you better make a move before you pass through that threshold." So certainly, that would -- that could factor into it. But there's a variety of ways that one could deal with it in the meantime. More broadly, but really just looking at what's the best way to create shareholder value for EQT shareholders. That's the governing issue. But the comment that you're making about EQM's ultimate growth is certainly a fair one. It does impact the -- that is one of the factors that one would look at.
David L. Porges: We have a slide in our presentation that shows what's usually called the liquids uplift, and now we call it the liquids impact. Because essentially, the price that you get -- you still get a higher price per Btu for the liquids, but we take out the processing fee, you end up back at even with the gas price. So right now, they're being priced on par net of fees.
David L. Porges: That only came down by $25 million on a 2.5 -- $250 million budget, so it's about 10% reduction. And that just ties to gathering systems that were being built where the drilling that's been cut that we won't need it as soon.
