Pat Kane: Thanks PJ. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in EQT Corporation's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me today are Dave Porges, President and Chief Executive Officer; Phil Conti, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Randy Crawford, Senior Vice President and President of Midstream Distribution and Commercial; and Steve Schlotterbeck, Senior Vice President and President of Exploration and Production.  In just a moment Phil will briefly review a few topics related to our financial results for the second quarter 2010 which we released earlier this morning then Dave will provide an update on our drilling and infrastructure development programs and other operational matters.   Following Dave's remarks, Dave, Phil, Steve and Randy will all be available to answer your questions. First I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to such matters as our well drilling and infrastructure development initiatives including Equitrans and the potential natural gas liquids joint venture, production, sales volumes, rates of return, operating cost, operating cash flow, growth rates and other financial and operational matters.  It should be noted that variety of factors could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors are listed in the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 under risk factors, as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website.  Finally this morning's call may contain certain non-GAAP financial measures which are in this morning's press release. The reconciliations are in this morning's press release. And before introducing Phil, I would like to inform you that we posted our Marcellus decline curve to our website this morning. So now I'll turn the call over to Philip Conti.
Pat Kane: Thank you Dave. This concludes the comments portion of the call. PJ, please now open the call for questions. 
Pat Kane: Thanks PJ. This concludes today's call. The call will be available for replay for a seven-day period beginning approximately 1.30 PM today. The phone number for the replay is 412-317-0088. You will need a confirmation code, which is 436920. The call will also be replayed on our website for seven days. Thank you everyone for participating.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yes Scott, this is Steve. We're estimating that well when we're finally done with it to be between $8 to $9 million. 
Steve Schlotterbeck: We starting tracking yesterday and we have successfully pumped the first two stages which frankly were the biggest concern, the first several stages. So it's proceeding as we speak. 
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yeah. What we're going to do is in the first half of the year, we used a lot of top hole rigs to start the wells. In the second half of the year, we'll be using the bigger Marcellus wells to drill the entire well. So we'll maintain our fleet of the larger Marcellus rigs which currently is six rigs and we won't have as many of the smaller top hole rigs running.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well the top hole rigs are easier to bring in and let go, the bigger Marcellus rigs are, we have under longer term contracts, we have experienced crews, we like to maintain more stability on the bigger rigs.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Scott, we're actually in pretty good shape on frac crews. We do have dedicated crews efficient to do all the fracing we need through the remainder of this year. Part of issue with the back log is we were drilling a lot of pad wells. For instance, the extended lateral well is on a pad with six other wells and we have a number of those type of pads that are just finishing up drilling now. So a lot of it is just the timing and the nature of having, we have a lot of wells now get fraced in short amount of time and that inventory will be run down but then it will be build back up again as we start on more multi well pads.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I would say we are recycling nearly 100 percent. Occasionally, there maybe a few barrels here or there that we dispose off but effectively it's a 100% and we would expect that to continue. 
Steve Schlotterbeck: I think, I don't have a specific number for you but I think the bulk of those we would expect to be online of the current inventory.
Steve Schlotterbeck: In Kentucky, our current facilities is a 170 million a day and its adequate to the growth that we have but as we expand in the Marcellus with our partnership with DCP, we are working to evaluate what the needs are in the area to the Marcellus going forward.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yeah I think generally speaking it's fairly safe to assume that the lower end of both cost and EUR range apply more generally to West Virginia and the upper end of the range applies more generally to Pennsylvania. 
Dave Porges: And the broader issue Scott on the number of wells really, and this is what drives that, decisions on what we think the appropriate amount of capital spend is. 
Dave Porges: While the infrastructure is going to be, there is going to be a continuing timing issue. We talked about that internally, plan it internally a fair amount but we think with the schedule that we have for drilling that the delays aren't going to be too great.
Dave Porges: We are not slowing down drilling for mid-stream. The pace of drilling is really being set more by the decision about how much capital we wish to spend.
Dave Porges: Yeah I think that's going to continue with the Marcellus for as long as we're executing pad drilling the ways that we are.
Dave Porges: We don't hear that much in P.A. or West Virginia about permit moratoria. In the areas of the states, at least in which we are operating, obviously we wouldn't like that if it happened but we actually don't hear much about it. We hear much more about disclosure issues and other forms of regulations but frankly, on the other forms of regulation, our attitude is that for what we can tell, we are already operating in a manner that is consistent with the preliminary proposed regulations. So in a way it's actually positive for us, if the bar gets raised a little bit closer to the level that we're already at. And as far as severance taxes, as a lot of folks in this area know, we're actually proponents of the notion of Pennsylvania instituting a severance tax in the context of broader clarification of rules regarding natural gas development.  We are not experts on knowing whether that's likely to happen. That's a Harrisburg issue and there's a lot of you folks may or may not be aware we're already in the run up to a good inventory election here in Pennsylvania. 
Dave Porges: We would like to clarification on, I'll name two things. We were like pooling rules that are more in line with what we see in the rest of the country and we would like to see clarification on what kind of deductions are allowed for Midstream costs when dealing with, calculating what its paid to either royalty owners or in the case we have severance taxes to the government.  We also believe it is in our best interest though that any severance tax would divert a fair amount of the money to the localities that incurred the inconveniences to do in fact come along with drilling as apposed to going to the state capital.
Dave Porges: Yes. I think you will be seeing some of that over the course of time. You are seeing some of it already but of course these are long lead time decisions and we haven't actually set our budget for 2011 but directionally, certainly that's the way we will react to any changes that we see in returns. We will direct their efforts more towards the higher return projects.
Dave Porges: I was tying to make a more subtle point. We put in a lot of Midstream already and we are going to try to focus ourselves more on developing in ways that keep the Midstream intensity lower as opposed to areas that will require a big new lets say corridor. Look, obviously that's one of those situations where it is possible that third-party capital becomes available because the issue for us isn't so much the economics of that. There is some of that that goes on obviously. It's the total availability of capital. So if we can, to the extent we can source other Midstream capital that alters that dynamic. The focus that we've got is that we don't want to put a lot of our capital into some of those developments, not that we don't want the capital to go into development.
Dave Porges: No, there isn't really a number. For us practically speaking its got more to do with where we are developing within the play. And we've got quite a lot acres in that place as you know.
Dave Porges: We are an economic enterprise. Everything is for sale everyday. It just doesn't seem as if right now is a great time to get very good prices for assets that are primarily producing. 
Dave Porges: No, and we're already drilling out. I mean for the most part really the question with the CBM is whether what is circumstance under which we would ramp up in such a way that we would need that next big Midstream project and it's a little bit simpler in that regard that there would be; if we want to step up a lot there need to be a new pipeline that would be put in, and either would it be our capital or we'd have to be committing to say from transport on that pipe.
Dave Porges: Or anybody else would frankly. I mean there's nothing magical about our methods, its newer capacity down there.
Dave Porges: It's a mix but there is actually another risk that we were very concerned about in the summer and that is as the system starts filling up, I mean the storage etcetera starts filling up, the pressure starts changing in the system and that creates bottlenecks where didn't used to be bottlenecks.  So, though we are putting in projects to resolve those problems, I explained in a number of cases, the projects were never scheduled to come in until say late third quarter and what we found throughout the middle of this year is we have been able to essentially come up with work-arounds to minimize the impact of some of those bottlenecks.  So that's what I really meant about some of the middle of the year and its not that, that's always going to be the issue that we have that you are going to ramp up here and then once you get into the summer when we are into injection season, then the dynamics start changing on the storage front and also that is as you would imagine, the summer is the normal time for pipeline companies to take down their lines out of service temporarily for maintenance purposes.  And there is actually been a little bit of less of that this summer than we are afraid and to the extent there has, we have been able to come up with a little bit walk arounds than we were anticipating. That's going to be, as we keep ramping up, this is something we talk about ever summer. 
Dave Porges: I don't know that we have in one number for a takeaway capacity because it is the West Virginia versus Pennsylvania, its different and different kind of sub-geographies. That's why we mentioned some of those, the projects that we had, specific projects in Pennsylvania and West Virginia but we probably the operating at reasonably close to our end year capacity with the end year exit rate that we provided.
Dave Porges: Well it's mortgaged. Here on Berea and it's also the part of Marcellus play that are kind of sort of moving to the West. If you go further West, I guess you'd say the further in North West, you get a weather, it gets in Marcellus and the dividing line roughly, I don't want to make it seem so clean as a line, but the vision is pretty much in South Western PA from what we can say. So a lot of it has to do with it as we've got opportunities that are a little bit more to the West than in Marcellus, that would be wetter and as you get far enough west, it actually wetter than the Huron/Berea and as you get to East, it gets pretty dry.
Dave Porges: Look we are open minded to ways to source capital. As I said, the big picture issues for us are we have got a bigger opportunity than we realistically we are going to be able to prosecute entirely our own.  But that said, our focus right now is getting the Midstream, especially the liquids ventures done. I mean we are not a huge company; we can only focus on so many things. But we are certainly open-minded as far as how we would go about pursuing capital.
Dave Porges: Well we don't really drill vertically in the Marcellus. So as far as the horizontal, that you had Steve mention that the 3,800 foot design that we're showing now as our average is affected by the fragmented land position. That would obviously be one of the things pooling rules would help with that. 
Dave Porges: We'd extend and I don't possible if that would come in the form though of prioritizing different locations. There's locations that can push back a little bit because of land reasons and that could get reshuffled a little.
Dave Porges: I mentioned that briefly earlier, just a real quick update. We began fracing yesterday. We successfully fraced the first two of 28 stages. So we'll be working on that well for probably at least a week, completing the rest of the stages. Initially, operationally, its going very well.
Dave Porges: The assumptions we were using at the time of that offering, we were based on the old well design, but as we mentioned it was based on a particular hypothetical as far as how much capital we be willing to spend. Certainly we are capable of growing this asset at that kind of rate but it is dependent on what capital we decide to spend and we don't make those decisions until later in the year. In this financial environment which is still a bit unsettled, it still doesn't seem that prudent to make commitments to what the capital spending will be in 2011 yet. So what we said before is we are capable of higher growth rates absolutely, we continue to be capable of those rates and adjusted for the well design issues. But, its suppose a certain capital commitment that we are not prepared to make yet.
Dave Porges: No, currently, Jungwirth, we are finalizing the negotiations so we haven't reported that number yet.
Dave Porges: We do not want to run too close to the edge, that's what you're asking. We'd like to know, maybe put another, we'd like to know where the capital is coming from before we commit to spend it. 
