Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, Neal, this is Steve. Regarding the resting, I think we're kind of open-minded about that. I think we're going to test it and see, and sort of by necessity on these first wells since we're waiting on the gathering system, they will be rested. So we may...
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well rested, yes. So we expect to start flowing those wells midyear. Regarding lateral length, I think we're still believers that in all these shale plays, longer is better. So we drill as long as we can, given the acreage position we have. I think on this first group of wells, I don't have a specific number, but on average, the lateral lengths are fairly long, north of 5,000 feet per well. So we're pretty happy about that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think it's all interesting to us, and we monitor results from our competitors who have more data than we have at this point. But I think we're pretty confident in our drilling and completion capabilities. So if good results are coming out of the gasier side of the play, that would certainly be of interest. I think we view similarly to how we view the Marcellus drier gas areas. But for now, our current acreage is in the wetter part of the Utica, and we're going to wait for results like everybody else and see what we have.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Neal, I think, first, I want to remind you that it's very early in our experimentation of that, so we only have a handful of wells. But it is something we're pretty excited about. And you can see, we're continuing to drill probably even a little bit ahead of where we thought we'd be in terms of numbers of Upper Devonian wells at this point in the year. When we look at that, we think we have, at the current time, with limited information, about 170,000 acres that are perspective. We are using similar techniques, not always exactly the same techniques. It depends on the geology and the mineralogy of the reservoir. And I think we will have to experiment to see what the appropriate lateral spacing and stage spacing is in the Upper Devonian. So there's still a lot of variables that are unknown to us in terms of quantifying the total resource potential. But I think our best guess right now is 170,000 acres, we think, will be economic. And that's -- we'll start off with 1,000 foot spacing and see if it makes sense to go closer than that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: We don't really like to talk about acres per well. It's driven so much by lateral length and lateral spacing. So I think right now, in Greene County, it's looking like, in the bulk of Greene County 500-foot lateral spacing, and we try and drill as long as we can. But the spacing per well for a 10,000-foot well is twice the acreage than it is for a 5,000-foot well. So it's not a term we use internally very much, but I think I would maybe use our average spacing of around -- or length of 5,000 feet with 500-foot lateral spacing as a reasonable approximation of our per well drainage.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think we've turned in line a couple of those, but we're -- it's too early to talk about the results.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes. I mean, I think our -- we do have an interest in consolidating the position that we have. And the dry gas area would be a separate area that, again, we monitor the results and, at some point, we may find that attractive, but for now we're focused on our core Marcellus position and building a position in the area where we have Utica acreage that give us enough scale to be efficient.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't recall what exactly what went into the 1/3, but I can tell you that we are now doing reduced cluster spacing in the bulk of the areas we're drilling in West Virginia, and really -- so Doddridge and Richie. And in Wetzel, we are currently experimenting with it. But I would say I have high confidence that 30-foot clusters is going to prove to be the preferred method in Wetzel County. So I think in the areas we're currently drilling in West Virginia, the percentage of RCS completions will be very high.
David L. Porges: Neal, you had mentioned the liquids. And actually, just to clarify, we tended to be more interested in wet gas at the areas that kind of get into the, if you will, condensate window. We haven't really been all that interested in the so-called black oil part of the play, at least not to date.
David L. Porges: We're always relooking at those. I recognize that it's not -- perhaps they're not completely keeping up with current results. Some of what we discussed of course had to do with new results in from West Virginia, in particular, but also in how we wind up characterizing the liquids. And we're trying to provide information on EUR that is more consistent, say, with what other folks have done. So I think it's kind of a watch-this-space type of thing. We will continue to look at what those type curves are to make sure that they are reflecting the -- our current thought process. But I'd say, probably, the biggest issue that we've got is making sure that we bring our way of characterizing the liquids a little bit more in into line with folks in the industry have done. And that's the reason that we have quoted the EURs and the EURs per foot the way we did.
David L. Porges: I'd rather not give guidance on that, only because the board is the, obviously, the group that approves that. Our real point in providing the 2014 guidance now was that 2014 production isn't really that dependent upon 2014 capital. It's a pretty small amount of capital relative to, say, what the total that we're spending this year that would be required to hit that kind of guidance. But as we mentioned with these multi-well pads with long laterals, there is a relatively long lead time. So you really do have to look, we think, at least, the way we conduct the operation, you have to look at 2013 capital and results to kind of get a sense of what 2014 volumes are going to be like. The 2014 capital is going to have much more impact on the 2015 volumes. But certainly we do have the liquidity to -- I mean, we have the liquidity certainly to continue spending at the pace that we've been spending.
David L. Porges: And of course, as you know, we do have a fair amount of dry Utica acreage that's under our Marcellus acreage. The issue isn't just that it's dry though. It's that as we move further to the east, it's deeper. So it increases the costs. So it's not just the fact that the gas is dry that causes some concern. It's that it's deeper. And certainly I'll mention that the front part of the curve has moved up a lot. The back hasn't really moved up that much. So we've got a pretty flat curve, which is good for cash flows and good for economics, because it brings cash flows forward, but it doesn't materially impact how you view longer-term prospects.
David L. Porges: As I think we kind of hit it. There's no doubt the desire with increases in distribution per unit is to try to find a rhythm that we could get into with some regularity to it as opposed to just having it match one quarter's results.
David L. Porges: Yes. I don't know that I have anything to add on what we would do with proceeds from the EGC sale. I'd still rather see that transaction go through the rest of the approvals. I mean, as you know, we did tend to focus a little bit more on the FDC approval only because of the unique history of these assets, but for the most part, what you focus on with gas utility M&A transactions are the public utility commission -- public service commission approvals, and we're still in the relatively early days of those. So we're still kind of working -- even though -- so, it's great for us that we're over this one hurdle that had been an issue in the past, but now it turns into a more standard LDC M&A process. So I just assume not get ahead of ourselves there. We're just trying to create value, monetize reserves the way we can, and I know if you're looking at acreage issues, it's mainly what we're prioritizing still, it's trying to see if there are opportunities to build around our current strong business. We're still in the so-called donut holes, those sorts of things.
David L. Porges: That's true. And I guess the message that we're trying to send through is that we will be disciplined about capital. We've been disciplined about it for the last, geez, as long as I've been here, which is -- it's amazing but it's coming up on 15 years now. And we're not going to let money burn a hole in our pocket. That's kind of what we're focused on as much as anything is, a lot of these transactions are ones we enter into, because we think they're the right thing to do, not because we've got something else that we need to raise up and spend the money on. Look, I mean, and that's a couple of people pointed out, with more -- with some improvements and what the Marcellus results have been, with the Upper Devonian, et cetera, may well be the that there's other opportunities down the road to increase the development, but we just assume, take a look at that based on the operational results.
David L. Porges: Well, it is certainly true, notwithstanding my comments of the prior call or about the back end of the curve not really having moved up much, that the tenor of the discussions and the M&A front are probably a little brighter when you've got higher front month and front year prices. So we would certainly hope that we might be able to get something done, but I don't have anything in particular to report. Well, I guess one thing I will reiterate that, I think, we've said a bit is, at these prices, at least the Huron is economically -- it is economically attractive to invest. It's not as economically attractive to invest in the Huron as it is in the Marcellus, and of course we do have a higher cost of capital than the Sandy and MLP [ph] would have, because we enter into a higher-risk, higher-return type of activities than all those folks do. But it does clear our hurdle rates the way we have them set right now as a result of the increasing gas prices. So we're hoping that, that will lead to some opportunities along the lines that we've talked about strategically for the Huron, but we don't have anything to report on it right now.
