Patrick Kane: Thanks Laura. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in EQT Corporation’s third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. With me today are Dave Porges, President and Chief Executive Officer; Phil Conti, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Randy Crawford, Senior Vice President and President of Midstream, Distribution and Commercial; and Steve Schlotterbeck, Senior Vice President and President of Exploration and Production. This call will be replayed for a seven-day period beginning at approximately 1:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. The phone number for the replay is (412) 317-0088 and the confirmation code is 10006606. The call will also be replayed for seven days on our website. As you already know, this is the first quarter for EQT Midstream Partners, ticker EQM and its results are consolidated in EQT’s results. There was a separate Press Release issued by EQM this morning and there is a separate conference call at 11:30 today, which creates a hard stop for this call at 11:25. If you are interested in listening in on the EQM call, the dial number is (412) 317-6789. In just a moment, Phil will summarize EQT’s operational and financial results for the third quarter 2012, which were released this morning. Then Dave will provide an update on our strategic operational matters. Following Dave’s remarks, Dave, Phil, Randy, and Steve will all be available to answer your questions. But first, as usual, I’d like to remind you that today’s call may contain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. You can find factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements listed in today’s Press Release under Risk Factors in the EQT Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 which was filed with the SEC, as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are on file at the SEC and available on our website. Today’s call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to this morning’s Press Release for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Phil Conti.
Patrick Kane: Thank you Dave. This concludes the comments portion of the call. Laura, can we please now open the call for questions? Question-and-Answer Session
Patrick Kane: Hey, Neal, just so you know, we have Steve Schlotterbeck and Randy Crawford sitting in with us and also to help answer questions and this sounds like a great one for Steve.
Patrick Kane: Thank you all. I would like to just thank everybody for participating and will look forward to the next quarter. Thank you.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yes, Neal, I think that's just the sort of the normal fluctuation of timing. You see a little bit lower well count due to drilling longer laterals but I don’t think there's really much to read in there. We still expect to end the year around 130 - 132 well spuds. So really no new news there. I think on the frac stages, you didn’t specifically ask about it but the fourth quarter is going to be a very busy quarter for us in terms of bringing online and new frac stages and for reference over the past four quarters, the biggest quarter for us in terms of new frac stages online was three quarters ago with 578 stages. In the fourth quarter this year we expect to bring online over 1,100 new stages. So we have a lot of new production coming on this quarter.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well we have been focusing our efforts in two key areas, one the Greene County area, which is a dry gas area but is our most productive area. We focused a lot of our attention there this year and the second area is Doddridge County, which is higher Btu gas. It's still equivalent from an economic basis to Greene County. So we've already been focusing there. You're going to see pads range from four wells to many as ten wells. A lot of it is depending on the specific acreage position in those areas, but a clear goal of ours is to maximize the number of wells per pad, which we take as a big economic advantage and continuing to drill with longer laterals as we can.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I think that’s very true. The only thing I would add is we’re not really up in the Northeast part of the play but we do continue to hear about the Midstream constrains up there. So that might moderate what happens there over the next year or two but I think in this town that we’re at, where we have a lot of capacity, we have great economics. So I think it’s going to be continued significant activity down there.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yes Becca, this is Steve. You are right, we did permit a couple of wells or I think one is permitted, one is permit applied. We hope to drill one or two test wells in Utica this year. We have, at the current time an immaterial amount of acreage in Utica. Our strategy is to drill one or two test wells, see whether we like the play or not, and if we do, at that point we would consider whether we want to build an acreage position in it. So right now it’s fairly immaterial.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I think realistically it's probably over a couple of months to get those wells in line, going to the play, but it is, from the scheme of things very, very quickly.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Right now for us the economics between the Doddridge County wet area we’re focused on and the Greene county dry area are pretty equivalent. So we really are drilling for economics but we obviously have to factor in capacity. So if you can’t float a gas, your economics generally don’t look too good but right now they are fairly equivalent at current gas price, or liquids price spread. So if that changes then we may want to focus on one area more than the other, although there are also operational constraints, how many loans we can put in one small area. But right now it's pretty equivalent.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Mike this is Steve. The only thing I really have to offer, I don’t have specifics on average IPs but I will say we continue to be very comfortable with the tight curves we provided. We see no reason to adjust those. I will say since we focused on lot of our drilling in the Greene County area, that’s one of the best areas for the reduced cluster spacing frac technique. So we are, on average doing a lot more stages per well. For example in the fourth quarter, for those wells I mentioned that will be turning in line, those will have 28.5 stages per well on average and the average stage length is 192 feet. So the modified completion technique has 150 foot stages. The base design has 300 foot stages, so you can tell from that if there is high percentage of wells with the new technique.
Steve Schlotterbeck: No I think that’s just though, I think where we are and actually it was one of our investors who used this terminology, but we have a variety of leverage that we have to pull to be able to generate additional capital and we think it’s the right thing to do to move, (inaudible) management if you will to move money from the opportunities that aren’t as interesting to us or that fall further down our priority list and from my perspective. I certainly hope this is the way people at the company look at it. It’s just an ongoing process. That’s not just a 2012 or 2013 process. We are going to be doing that for some period of time. We are going to be looking at which assets would be best. We know we are going to make the money by monetizing molecules and to the extent that we are selling them, one molecule at a time versus in bunches, is really what we have to decide and I think that’s the issue that we’re going to be facing strategically for a period of time, for a more than a couple of years probably.
Phil Conti: The capacity is related to the Tennessee 300 line, and as we've said, we've got long term and short term lease for that and we continue to see the value in that capacity over the long term. It's a constrained area, and it is centered in and around the Tioga, Northern Pennsylvania area.
Phil Conti: And as you are aware, when we first enter into those kind of agreements, since these are new pipes because there's growth or new expansion, you have to enter into an agreement to take out all of the capacity that you're going to get for that particular project, all up front. It's just that as Randy said, with our own production, we're ramping into the need for it; so some of it gets reserved for our own use, for our own produced assets. In some cases we have contracted out for a two-three year period et cetera, on pretty much a firm basis; but then we always keep some that's a little bit on of a short term cushion versus what our current needs are, which would allow us to make sure we can move our own production if it increases more rapidly than expected or that we would sell into the market. And what we're talking about then, is that what happens with that additional portion only, and that's the piece that has tended to be, as you would imagine, a bit seasonal. So for the most part you're making money on the first and fourth quarters and you're losing a bit of money in the second and third quarter, but we did not enter into that capacity just so you know for trading purposes. That is designed over time to be moving our own produced gas.
Phil Conti: Yes, the formal guidance, yes, because that will get blessed by our board and we typically think of it at our December board meeting. It’s typically in the very end of November, the very beginning of December, and that’s when the Board approves the capital budget.
Phil Conti: It was actually Dave that mentioned that. We would be thinking about something pretty small, just as Dave mentioned, try out the process. We have to go through a Conflict (ph) Committee with EQM and there’s counting implications that we need to sort of try out. So if can, we’d like to try to do a small one before we do a large one.
Phil Conti: Yes, we hear a lot of about the number of wells that are prevented from being turned in line due to the Midstream but we really don’t have very much direct experience with that. From our prospective, most of it, as Steve alluded to it and answered to an earlier question, is much more just kind of some little timing issues but we don’t actually see those things that get reported on as been big, large backlogs of wells that evidently get represented as has being completed and ready turn in line but not able to turn in line, and we understand if that’s happening, the people in that part of the play might decide they don’t want to drill more wells for a while. That would make sense, but we don’t actually have any direct experience with that in the South Western part of play.
Phil Conti: Well, as David said in his comments, we’re looking at a 100 million of incremental capacity above a 120.
Phil Conti: It was a little more than half of it I believe. And that's a non-cash thing that sort of unwinds over time. It's sort of an oddity in the accounting. A little more than half of it was that.
Phil Conti: No, we would say that, that doesn’t really require any form of external capital but that’s really because the lag is such that most of the growth that we anticipate in 2013 is going to result from wells for which most of the capital will have been spent by the end of 2012.
Phil Conti: The reason for continuing to push for external capital, like from EQM in 2013 is primarily to facilitate growth in 2014 and 2015 and obviously we’re not about growth rates but to continue to facilitate growth in the out years.
Phil Conti: Mike, I’ve been informed that we’ve run out of time because of the upcoming event. Actually we probably have run out of time, but our thought process is the same. Strategically there is nothing that’s changed. We do have a list of things that we’re working through, as you’ve heard on a number of the calls but that’s one where I definitely don’t have any news that I wish to make on today’s call but our strategic perspectives have not changed.
Dave Porges: Well, it's really a contractual asset. We have contracted $350 million a day capacity and we continue to utilize that as we ramp into our production, and we're executing on a short term, some additional releases and in the long term, but the value associated with that capacity as I said in a constrained area, is seasonal in nature. So it's difficult to predict how that will go quarter-over-quarter. There's a lot of seasonality with it.
Dave Porges: It’s actually 8,600 acres. So I must not have been clear on my comments. I apologize for that. It is 8,600 acres in Tioga and I just say that we’re in the midst of finding out what might be out there for that property. I don’t know that I’ve got any specific timing to offer off and incidentally, our attitude is that all the assets at some point are for sale. So sometimes we run formal processes and sometimes we just kind of do market checks. So it really kind of depends on market conditions, what would happen there and I would say and the Huron that we are in the early stages of looking at what the alternatives are because we do suspect that it’s likely to be something a little bit more structured with the Huron, since the issue there is the development opportunity, we think has so much value in it. But we’re going to have to figure out how we can best extract that value.
Dave Porges: Now by the same token, that means of course that most of the wells that we drill in 2013 are not really going to be contributing much to 2013 volume, lest you think that we could race way, way higher than that; once you get what Steve, about the first quarter of 2013, it’s really not going to contribute much to 2013 volumes.
Dave Porges: Yes, if you are trying to get a sense for modeling purposes for EQT, I don’t think you really need to pay much attention to that. I think you would be looking more at, what it would look like, what a larger drop might look like? You should get more deeply into 2013.
Dave Porges: I’ll tell you, we have the sense that most companies that we kind of think of as our peers, kind of similar sized and stuff and like have taken a kind of a similar approach with making sure that they’re lining up this capacity. I guess we’re presuming that there must be other folks who did not take that approach, but the ones that we follow most closely we could tell took approaches that more or less were similar to what ours were, where you take big positions on these pipes when they do get built and we’re certainly happy that we’ve done so. Though that said, if you are planning to build a big industrial facility, we’re prefer it that you build in South Western PA or Northern West Virginia.
Dave Porges: No that doesn’t include anything in the Huron. As a matter of fact, the reality is that would mean it has to overcome a little bit of natural decline in the Huron. I don’t have numbers in front of me but it’s just, we haven’t been drilling there for several months and unfortunately we can’t make the volumes go up without drilling.
Dave Porges: Well, to start with, if it were an incremental development plan, we would be targeting the parts of the play where less infrastructure was necessary. So, that’s certainly something that we’re aware of. To some extent, depending on the pacing, one can simply kind of drill into the decline as it were. To really take broader advantage of the development opportunity though, as you suggest Becca, we would have to have paired with it a Midstream program. But when we are looking at the solutions, we are taking that into account. We never really just look at the capital that would be associated with the development. We would look at the capital that would be required for the Midstream build out.
Dave Porges: That is correct, yes. And incidentally, it could for the whole Huron or we could break it up into pieces, either around Midstream, the way I just described or something that followed more natural geographic boundaries. So, we are open minded and seriously, I know I have said this before on calls. Maybe people think I’ve been sarcastic but if there are good ideas that folks, we are happy to hear them. We know it going to take a creative solution and we know that we don’t have a monopoly on those.
Dave Porges: Well, once the plant, it’s not just a matter of the plant being turned in line. They then have to just normally, as you would do with any plant, they are going to have to run through a variety of tests. So it’s not as if the volume would immediately go to capacity on Day 1 but if you put aside plant issues, I think we’d probably we be ready to flow….
Dave Porges: Well infrastructure and land issues. Sometimes if you think you have a chance to fill in some land positions that would allow you to either put more wells on a pad, have a longer laterals, that can obviously influence some of our timing too or (inaudible) prioritization.
Dave Porges: I don't believe any of us; certainly I have not; but I don’t believe any of us have commented that we have gotten complaints about the pricing of EQM, to the extent we've commented, I'd think I'd characterized it more as recognizing that there's a tradeoff, between what's in EQT's best near term interests and what's in EQM's best near term interest though our view has been that a fair price is in the long term best interests of both entities, and that's really what we take into account. That does mean to your specific question about the Sunrise expansion and incidentally, this wouldn’t just be Sunrise. This will apply to any number of candidates for sales from EQT to EQM. To what extent if there is further investments to be made, do we make the investments at EQT and sell into EQM at probably a lower multiple on a higher cash flow, versus selling in before making the investment at a higher multiple off a lower cash flow and I think it's fair to say that that is going to be done on a case-by-case basis, there's no interest at the EQT level in selling assets to EQM on the cheap and we also don’t think that it's in the long term best interest of EQT, given our position at EQM to somehow try to get an overly inflated price either. So it will be a balance and it will be a tradeoff, and it's going to be particularly difficult as you’ve pointed to find that when there's expansion opportunities.
Dave Porges: I’d say what we’d prefer to do is to find something that would a more persistent source of capital, but that’s only because we have that 7 Tcf, almost 8 Tcf of 3P reserves. It’s that logic. And the nature of the development there is it’s just going to work a lot better, if once we get reenergized there and remobilized, if we are able to stick with it for some period of time. So if temporary meant a year, it’s probably not all that interesting. It would be more interesting if we thought that it had the potential to go on and on. But as far as that goes I’m not sure that I had commented on any specific vehicle that we might use other than, it would be better if we thought that it gave us access to capital over a longer period of time as opposed to a capital that could only support the development for a short period of time.
Dave Porges: Absolutely, that’s relating back to the prior question about some of the tradeoffs. At this point, it’s probably fair to say that for the most part, the EQT Huron Midstream position is a little less interesting from the perspective of a sale to EQM, than it would be if we were to reenergize the development there and you had at least stable and maybe even somewhat growing volumes. So, yes actually both things are true. It’s not just that EQM could be an interesting source of capital for that. It’s that it’s actually a more interesting source of capital, if it’s paired with growth.
Dave Porges: So we’ve been trying to stay a year or two ahead with that and I would say that’s kind of mindset coming into the 2013 budget, again without trying preempt the Board’s authority in deciding what the capital budget should be. Is that at all helpful or is that, kind of a politician’s answer.
Ray Deacon - Brean Capital: Randy I had a question, as far as, when you talk about doing a small dropdown, what sort the range of value you could do that without having to issue units at EPM.
Ray Deacon - Brean Capital: Got it. And I feel like I heard for a couple of years that differentials were going to go away in the Marcellus and I'm seeing $0.20 to $0.30 premiums on Tennessee. Any sense with that that’s going to change going forward and are you benefiting as a result right now of having that locked in capacity on Tennessee.
Ray Deacon - Brean Capital: Just one quick one; is the 30% growth in 2013, you’re not assuming that you’re able to make something happen in the Huron to achieve that, it sounded like.
Christine Chau - Barclays: Okay and then you talked about possible expansions with MarkWest. Do you have like a size? I know you said timing is still being worked out but….
Christine Chau - Barclays: And then when I look at the map in that table detailing how many acres you have within each type curve in your Analyst Presentation, you guys are drilling most of your wells by the border of Southwest PA and West Virginia where it’s a mix of wet and dry and I’ve realized that only 35% of your acreage overall is in the wet part but how should we think about the pace that you drill up the wet acreage there might be a lower (inaudible) but may or may not be better economics, depending on where liquids faces are. Do you just primarily focus on the Nine B (ph) wells that are probably drier and have higher initial rates and better production declines or what kind of dislocation does there have to be between NGLs and natural gas that make you think that net present value is better in some of the wetter wells.
Christine Chau - Barclays: Okay so if everything stays the same you would say it's going to be dictated by infrastructure pretty much, it sounds like.
