Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points: One, first quarter results were robust across the board at EQT, underscored by strong operational efficiencies and lower-than-expected capital spending and higher price realizations from our Advantage firm transportation portfolio; two, the solid performance facilitated $774 million of free cash flow, underscoring our cash generation potential even in a lower natural gas price environment; three, we built upon our track record of thoughtful opportunistic capital returns during the quarter with nearly $550 million of returns via share repurchases, debt retirement and our base dividend; four, our commitment to a bulletproof balance sheet is evident as net debt declined by roughly $900 million during the quarter, and we exited Q1 with over $2.1 billion of cash on hand; and finally, the current natural gas macro environment is giving us even greater confidence in our differentiated corporate strategy underpinned by efficient large-scale combo development, a disciplined M&A focus on low-cost assets, a risk-adjusted hedging strategy and opportunistic capital returns.  I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Toby Rice: Yes, Arun, let's look at where people's heads are at around the world when they're thinking about energy. I think there's a couple of classes where people sets are at. We've got some people that still have their heads in the sand, thinking that just focusing on the United States and fixing emissions here is going to somehow solve the global emissions issue that they're concerned about. They need to pick their head up. We've got other people that have their heads in the clouds and thinking that some of these solutions that are being proposed, the 5 physics and are only addressing 1 part of the energy ecosystem, and they may be a little bit too optimistic. What we need is people to have a level head talking about deploying proven, scalable, truly sustainable solutions like unleash U.S. LNG that will have the biggest impact on lowering global emissions that will have the biggest impact on providing more energy security to the world.  Now I'm excited about where the world has moved. We've moved away from a world that is a sum of the above approach towards energy, only solar only wind. We've seen that strategy play out in Europe and the world has taken notice that, that may not be the best solution, and it may not be capable solution. So the world has moved back towards a more realistic and more practical approach in all of the above approach towards energy. That's where unleash U.S. LNG sits. But if we want to meet the environmental ambitions and the time line needed to get there. If we want to accelerate pulling the 3 billion people around the world that live in energy poverty, if we want to protect the 60% of Americans who live paycheck to paycheck, we need to move from an all-of-the-above approach to energy to a best of the above approach towards energy.  And while the world certainly, I think isn't capable right now on determining what is the best source of energy, one of the things that we're excited about over the last year is we've been successful in defining the criteria at which energy will be graded upon. And those criteria are cheap, reliable and clean. And one of the -- that seems to be universally accepted as the 3 main criteria. And we're seeing actions with the administration Secretary Grand Home supporting pipelines, supporting MVP and in the closing paragraph of her letter says that energy needs to be affordable, reliable and clean. So we are very excited about the progress we've made. There's still a lot of work left to do. I think permit reform is inevitable. Our energy ecosystem is maxed out. Pipelines are full. Refineries are running at maximum capacity. And without that extra flexibility, we are at risk of a major event to throw us back into another energy crisis. That event can be weather. We see utilities in New England writing letters to the President saying that they're concerned if they experience a mild -- a cold winter. How they will deal with that. It could be a cyber event. We saw what happened with Colonial Pipeline. It could be another geopolitical event. It's not -- in my opinion, it's not if one of these events happen, it's when. And we need to build up our industrial energy capacity so that we can deal with these events when they take place. And that's 1 of the reasons why we believe Perma Reform is inevitable. I think people understand where we're at and what we need to do, and we're excited about helping lead the conversation going forward.
Toby Rice: So we'll continue to measure the current commodity price. I think the default plan for EQT is to continue a steady pace operationally even given what we see in the commodity outlook. We have the luxury of keeping a steadier plan because of the fact that we are the low-cost operator. And so we'll be able to capture some of the efficiencies that come along with with that steady activity plan. As far as production is concerned, if we see local prices get below the cost it takes for us to produce, then you're going to see us curtail volumes. So that will be a game time decision and we'll watch how the setup continues to evolve and operate our business accordingly.
Toby Rice: Sure. So the $80 million in synergies that we identified primarily came from some midstream synergies, connecting our -- building some pipelines that would connect our asset base from Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania. Another synergy that's fairly large is connecting our water systems. So there will be a synergy there. I'd say all these things, when we look at the synergies, we tried to be really practical in outlining what those are. Those will be additive to the accretion numbers that we put out. And given the fact that these are largely infrastructure related, they're typically lower risk in nature. Some of the upsides that we look at, we have a track record of improving operations on the assets that that we ultimately inherit. Our drilling team is a really great example. Look at the drilling performance that we -- the uplift we've seen in performance on the Alta acquisition, -- we do think there is an opportunity for us to repeat that. We've got a very strong drilling team. So those will be some of the upsides to that. And when we look at that $80 million of synergies, how does that compare to the $0.15 that the Tog Hill transaction will impact by lowering our free cash flow breakevens, these $80 million would be an additional $0.04 and on top of that $0.15 just shows you the impact of adding this asset under our belt will be very impactful in lowering our costs.
Toby Rice: Combo development does factor into the synergies the dual development also will take place. I'd say the only other logistical impact that will present itself is -- the frac activity that's taking place on the Tolko assets will become another location for our water team to use for recycling. And water recycling is a big needle mover on efficiency gains. Our water recycling team is -- our water recycling rates have gone from 80% to over 90%, and we're going to continue to focus on increasing our water recycle rates in the Tuck Hill assets will give us a little bit more flexibility on how to achieve that.
Toby Rice: Sure. Just to level set what we've seen, we've seen a 10% reduction in rigs that were focused on gas. It's about 17 rigs have come off. We expect that trend to continue down -- and we're also looking at some of the commentary. The big focus really needs to be on the completion activity -- and from the earnings with Halliburton next year Liberty, they are signaling that they're seeing a mobilization of frac crews moving away from gas towards oil. So that will be something else that we're looking at throughout the course of the year in addition to the rig reductions. .
Toby Rice: On an M&A basis, our strategy will stay the same. Obviously, a commitment to making sure the financial accretion is there. But the differentiating aspect is looking for opportunities that will lower our cost structure. And the new dynamic is really the competition is competing with the value from buying back our own stock. So I mean, that ultimately is going to be the thing that changes given where our stock trades, but we're going to stay committed with this strategy that we've laid out. We think it's created a lot of value and we'll stay disciplined.
Toby Rice: For us, we do -- are very big supporters of electrify the world. Doing that is going to present a lot of challenges that you mentioned, the resiliency of the grids are they capable of handling extra load presents some serious problems. I think you look at -- see what happened with California where the are going to ban ICE engines and then a week later tell their citizens to not plug in their electric vehicles and the to charge them. This going to present some big changes but they're also going to present some big opportunities. One of the investments that we've made on our new ventures front has been an investment in a company that is going to address the behind the grid power generation company called what fuel cells is creating basically a fuel cell that runs off natural gas and generates power for the size of a microwave can power your house. These are the type of solutions that are going to strengthen our grid but it's going to be the decentralized smaller scale opportunities that will exist and at price points that retail consumers can get into. So that's sort of what we're looking at and that falls into our promoting natural gas demand while supporting the electrification theme that's taking place.
Toby Rice: Yes. So we're in a world where natural gas is becoming a global commodity and what happens in the world will influence prices here in America. So that could introduce more volatility, but we have the opportunity to reduce the volatility and provide more stable, lower prices for Americans and also for the world. Our ability to export natural gas, our potential is here in this country is 60 Bcf a day is what we think we have the production potential to put that amount to bring that amount of energy into the world, put it on the water and provide energy security for the world. that amount of energy is equivalent to 10 million barrels a day. It's equivalent to adding a Saudi Arabia of clean energy to the world stage. That's going to be a decarbonizing force and exports mean surplus and surplus means less volatility. Stores levels will stay fuller and the commodities, I think, ultimately will be underpinned in the economics to the people participating in LNG will be set with long-term contracts. So the certainty on pricing and the economics of the investments that we're making will be shored up. So we think it's a tremendous opportunity. The world will be volatility. We do not need to accept it. We can respond in America and energy producers like EQT are the key to reducing the volatility.
Toby Rice: Going to continue building our production capacity. Whether we deliver that production capacity into the market will be -- at what levels will be determined by the price that we're receiving for the product. So that means rigs are going to continue to roll roll forward the development plans, same thing with frac crews, but whether we put that production into the market will be something that we determined at the time where those -- where that decision will be made.
Toby Rice: And Dave, the next guy is going to be leveraging the capital allocation framework that you put in place, the modern hedging strategy put in place. So there'll be a lot of continuity in the strategic decisions that are made in this organization.
Toby Rice: Thanks for joining our call today. thanks for joining the call today. We are in a world that is struggling with energy security. It's been compromised and the ambitions to lower global emissions has never been stronger. Fortunately, EQT is a company that provides energy security to Americans and the world. And has the capability of significantly lowering global emissions by using our natural gas to replace coal. So we're excited about the opportunity set in front of us, and we will keep our heads down executing on our business. Thank you.
David Khani: Yes. So it's a great question, Arun. So we've added about 500 Bcf -- I'm sorry, $500 million a day of FT capacity over the last 18 months, mostly to the Midwest and some to the Gulf Coast. These are definitely higher value regions that give us exposure to improve realization. So -- and we continue to expect to add more this year and make that better. So that was definitely a piece of it. The other piece of it was our hedging strategy and how we had certain areas and leave certain areas open. M3 was a very strong region for us this quarter. As a nuclear facility in New York went offline, we're seeing higher and higher values up in that M3 area as winter shows up. So winter is a very positive M3 area. And then like the third piece is, as natural gas NYMEX prices come down, our local basis narrows as the correlation is about 80% to 85%. So NYMEX goes up. Our basis widens NIM has come down or basis narrows. So those are the 3 impacts of which I'd say the first 2 will probably long-lasting, and we'll improve -- keep doing it. And the last one is going to be obviously subject to what NYMEX prices do.
David Khani: Yes. And I'd just add, due to the water line issue last year, our production has not -- is below maintenance levels normally by, we'll call it 2% to 3% already. So we've actually contributed, I would say, our share a little bit of the reduction in gas to help balance the market as well.
David Khani: Yes, it's a great question because you're right, with lack of coal-fired generation as baseload with some nuclear coming offline and then replacing it with gas and renewables, you're going to have more and more volatility going forward. And so as a producer, how do you handle that One, you have to have a very, very strong balance sheet. So having investment grade, having onetime leverage. Maybe over time, we'll build up cash as well. So our net leverage might even below that 1x. The second is you have to have the low-cost structure, right? So if you notice, we've taken our cost structure down from from we'll call it, $2.85 to $2.90 down into the 220s, right, over time. So very important to be a low-cost producer in a commodity business. And then third is we're using our hedging strategy with collars. If we do something on the LNG front, we'll do stuff with collar. So we'll try to manage that volatility. And so I think that's the 3 ways we'll do it. And I'd say the fourth way is probably also to have very low to no emissions because that means the end market demand will stay very strong for your product on a relative basis.
David Khani: Yes. So I would just say there are other producers in the basin that are letting FT go. And so as that comes available, we'll pick it off I don't want to get too specific because, obviously, we want to execute on first and then we'll talk about it. But there -- I'd just say there are pieces out there over time that we will pick up and continue to grow that number. And I'd just say as producers have less and less inventory in the basin, those opportunities just grow.
David Khani: Yes. And I'd just say Yes. I'd say logistics items like sand, falling, steel, those are things that we're looking at probably in the second half of the year to probably soften -- and -- but we obviously didn't put that into our numbers because we need to see it happen before we make that move. .
David Khani: Yes. We look at it at a field level. We look at it both, but -- and we could tell things, I'd say, at moments in time, we don't really talk about it much. So there might be a weekend here, we can there -- but when we want to do like a broader, larger, then we'll look at the overall rates of return. We'll look at the forward curve. And make a decision about are we -- can we create value by moving gas into the, future as opposed to keeping it producing today. So -- you know we've shut in production in 2020 a couple of times, but we also shut in production in '21 that we didn't really talk much about. Those are shorter term in nature. So we'll do it both field and corporate.
David Khani: Well, when we hedge and we use collars, okay, we like to see SKU in the -- when we do that. And so the best times to add collars is when you have an upper movement in gas. If we wanted to do swaps, which we could do and lock in some of this and protect some of the 2024 picture. But what we're also seeing is we're seeing activity slowing on the gas side. We're seeing activity starting to slow on the coal side, and we're heading into the summer months here, which is a catalyst. And we're also seeing some incremental LNG come on in the first quarter of next year with Golden Pass. So I think the worries about storage levels getting to 4 Tcf or 4.1 TCF. One, we don't think it's going to get there. I think you're going to see it come in short of that. And then the second is, if you think about storage, even at 4 Tcf, that's basically 30 days of cover which if you understand the commodity business, I know you do, you really need 60 days to really provide any buffer in a peak demand period. So we see if you get normal winter, you could see spike in gas and you really need about 400 Bcf of incremental storage in 2024 to be able to support that incremental LNG that's coming online in '24. So I think we're seeing a very positive setup here.  The big negative could be if summer doesn't show up and we do on show up. And that's why we like to hedge is to manage those risks. So we're going to try to figure out the right time to jump in and add those hedges and try to derisk it. But we see a lot of moving parts, both positive and negative and trying to make sure that we get from a timing perspective and how we hedge right. 
David Khani: Yes. So the volumes down to the Gulf, that's all physical. That's not financial. And so -- and we are looking to add more over time, and there is more pieces that will come up over time. It's very episodic, as you can imagine. So we will look to continue to grow the FT position to all the higher-valued areas, including the Gulf. And I think it's important to note that as you see a lot of volume growth down in that area. It's important to have hedging will play more of a role in the Gulf Coast as Haynesville tries to grow and Permian tries to growth. So you need to have Gulf Coast and hedging as a strategy now. Once you get tied up into the LNG market, then that will actually alleviate some of the need to hedge basis down there, too. So there's a lot of things that you need to do to manage the complexity down there.
David Khani: Well, right now, until we have all LNG off the East Coast, we're going to be running in a maintenance of capital perspective. So right now, the buybacks are competing probably more with our debt retirement and maybe a little bit on the margin with dividend. If we were to get access to East Coast LNG and be able to grow, which we're talking -- we'll call it several years into the future, then it will be a rate of return exercise, and we'll have a view of what we think our NAV at a, we'll call it mid-cycle price, and then we'll compare it against the value we can get to lock in that growth with LNG pricing.
David Khani: Yes. So I think if you listen to the comments we made, we purposely made the comment that we're sitting with a lot of cash and we have the term loan extension that we just did. We effectively don't need any of the bonds if we cross over into past June 30.
David Khani: We'll think about that. That's more of a, I'll call it, maturity management exercise. So that's something we'll think about as we get closer to midyear.
David Khani: Yes. So you'll have coal retirements as part of that. As you know, the Shell cracker has come on as well. And -- and I would say probably in the neighborhood of 1 to maybe 2 Bcf per day over the next several years is probably a good sort of ballpark number.
David Khani: Yes. And I'd just say we need more storage capacity and we need more pipelines to be able to do it because if you keep taking coal-fired generation, which is baseload offline and don't replace it with the ability to add more baseload kind of fuel. You're going to increase volatility.
David Khani: Yes. I mean we're not running 15 rigs we're running 2 put in perspective -- so we don't have a lot of cutting 50% of our rigs would be more damaging to us. We can manage the production in other ways if we have to. .
David Khani: Yes. So we are -- we're actually further along on the debt buyback is the amount of free cash flow that we generate. And so I think we could see ourselves getting to a target somewhere around midyear next year. That gives us flexibility to buy back stock as well in that. So I'd say Q1 is probably still a good ratio. And then once we hit our debt targets, we could then effectively change that ratio be much more equity if you want to, assuming we're going to be opportunistic, right? But we have -- we'll have a lot of flexibility. And then just beyond that, you think about it, we really only allocated about 1/3 of our free cash flow. So you think about that as a longer term -- how do we deploy that capital. And again, that will be and the next guy sitting in my seat role to figure out how to allocate capital properly.
