Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. It is abundantly clear that shareholders desire a new approach in shale, one in which overall production growth is muted and efficiencies are amplified. Our approach is aligned with our shareholders and also aligned with all stakeholders who desire a better world, now and for future generations. While our near term accomplishments continue to secure our footing as the operator of choice, we look forward to further enhancing our position as the sustainable natural gas leader. As part of this, we will continue to strive to have best-in-class ESG metrics and transparency. Our revamped environmental, social and governance report for the calendar year 2019 is set for publication later this year, which will include more details on EQT’s long-term ESG strategy, as well as provide insights into our ESG metrics. Lastly, I'd like to give a shout out to our employees. For the last year, they've been relentless in transforming the way we work to deliver superior results. Your hard work and dedication is the force driving transformational value-creation at this company. And for that, I thank you and look forward to continuing on our mission together. With that. I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Toby Rice: Sure. So, with ACP being cancelled, that was about 1.5 Bcf a day of capacity that was going down at the southeastern market, which is competing with MVP capacity that was going to deliver gas there. So, not having that project online makes MVP more desirable. I think, the customers that signed up for that project are still looking for that gas and MVP is going to be a good outlet for that. So, those are the parties that we're having conversations with. And as far as like the likelihood of being able to lay off capacity, it could be up to all of our capacity. I think one other things that we're looking at that’s going to frame up the size that we end up, laying off is really going to be getting a better grip on the just basis realizations down in that market now. So, that's obviously been a little bit of the dynamic situation when you take off 1.5 Bcf a day of supply coming into the area. I know Williams has announced a project to deliver I think up to 0.5 Bcf a day into that area. So, we're framing that up, and I think that's going to ultimately dictate the amount that we're willing to lay off. I think, as far as the impact to EQT, if you look at slide 20, where we show our FT portfolio, you look at the change in our net realization from '20 to '21, you're seeing about almost a dime of pricing realization difference in those years. I mean, that's largely due to the effect of MVP. So, I mean, that's sort of the price that we're looking at, if we can be successful in laying off our MVP capacity. Lastly, on timing, I think, it’s something that we're working on now. Just given the size of the catalyst for this to our Company, it's a priority for us. And we're working on this now and hopefully we'll have some updates through the end of the year.
Toby Rice: Sure. So, EQT hasn’t authorized any shares since I think it was 2005. So, this just sort of allowed -- just gives us more flexibility. We don't have any uses for these shares right now. But, the landscape up here in Appalachia, there are -- it is a buyer's market, there are some opportunities on the horizon, but nothing specifically targeted for use of that equity.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think that consolidation will be a part of the value creation story for our shareholders in Appalachia and I think across the industry, the E&P industry as a whole. That being said, what has EQT done to position ourselves to consolidate, it largely starts with having a great operating model that allows us to scale efficiently. I think, the operational results we put out sort of represent the fact that our operating model is sort of in a really good place right now. And so, I think that there are opportunities here, but just as a reminder, the status quo story for EQT is pretty compelling. We'll continue to be disciplined in our approach with any M&A opportunity that presents itself.
Toby Rice: Yes. So activity level is in 2020 around 1.1 million horizontal feet. The whole production flat, we're probably going to be maybe 5% to 8% lower footage in '21. So -- but it's going to be around 1 million horizontal feet.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, you look at what our horizontal efficiencies have done. I mean, we're talking about dropping our drilling times by 30%. So, dropping one horizontal rig is approximately 30%. So, you're seeing just parity with our operational efficiencies timing up with the resources that we need to execute our program. And then, similar story with the completion crews as well.
Toby Rice: Yes. I'd say, just looking from this quarter to the past quarter, service pricing environment hasn't changed. So, I mean, what you're seeing now is purely sustainable operational efficiencies in the field. I think for us, the couple of things that as we ship from setting the bar, now it's locking and making sure that we can operate this at this level. In the future, operational efficiencies will continue to climb. What you're seeing is the average we put out. Obviously, we're exiting at higher efficiencies than what the average we report during the quarter. Our schedule is getting better. We're getting more and more combo development over time. And also, our lateral lengths are improving as well. So, these are the really three core parts of sustainability in your cost performance. And all of these things give us confidence that we'll be able to perform at these levels in the future. And then, as you mentioned, service cost pricing, yes, I think you look at the utilization rates that people have in the industry dropping 70% of rig activity and completion crews, certainly leaves a very low utilization rate and that's obviously going to be a force keeping service pricing low where they're at. But some of the other things we're doing on the service pricing side is when you think about operating efficiently, using less rigs to drill the same number of footage, same amount of footage, that is certainly helpful in being able to lock in these rigs and frac crews with longer term price contracts. There is another way to lock in the sustainability and -- or sorry, the pricing for sustainability. And we've done that with two of our frac crews right now. So, we feel pretty good about setting the table for sustainable cost performance.
Toby Rice: Yes. Two things. One, the ability to drill more, and this year is really setting the table for '21. So, we are getting ahead of some activity here in the back half of this year that will set up '21 favorably. The other thing I would say is that we have not revised our well cost estimates in our model. And so, that hasn't floated the guidance. So that's something that we're working on now. And we'll update that with our '21 guidance that we put out.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, Brian, the goal for us was to really take the extra production and really move it out into future periods. I think, if you remember, we were running nicely ahead in the first quarter. And so, our goal was really to just take the excess production, keep our production relatively flat with 2019, and get the benefit of -- in future periods of shutting in production. So, we are very, very hedged. And so, even bringing it back, we're very well hedged and not impacted from the -- from bringing it back. Having said that though, you're right, the economics still look like shutting in production, could be worthwhile and that's something we'll look at and see if we decide we want to shut in more production. We could do that in -- sort of, call the late, either summer or in the fall.
Toby Rice: Yes. Well, I think, you're seeing that across the industry right now. Just look at the rig counts that are drilling for gas right now in the two premier gas basins. I mean, they're down significantly. So, while we're fortunate enough to have large scale combo development executed in really core geology, that gives us confidence that our -- that our returns are there to continue to develop the whole production flat. That's not the case for a lot of operators across the country, and that's in -- production is going to decline. And we think the set up is going to start showing up from this reduced activity levels sort of towards the back half of this year. And so that -- I mean, you are absolutely right. And I think the industry as a whole is responding to that.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, I think, largely the cost improvements we've seen have been sustainable operational efficiencies schedule, longer laterals, more combo development and a consistent well design that we have put in place. So, we feel pretty good about it. I mean, one thing that's also worth highlighting, in the first and second quarter of this year, as we broke out some new electric frac fleets, one of these fleets was new and took us a few months of just breaking them in. So, I mean, the efficiencies that we saw in the field on that crew were -- I mean, that crew was our worst performer, when we started back in January. Now, that crew is our best performer. And that's a testament to the quality engineers we have here. And our completions team have been able to take advantage of this new technology and develop it to meeting the efficiency. So, I mean this is one of those things we're looking at. We talk about the averages of what we report and we're obviously exiting at higher rates. That's sort of the dynamic that's at play on the completions front, which is the biggest part of our spend. Over 60% of our spend is on completion. So, I feel pretty good about where that's at. And that's also the area of our business where we have the most control over service cost inflation, because we've got the most amount of procurement setup in place for that segment of our business.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, we have a very big operating footprint. We have what we consider strategic assets, our wells and leasehold that's within our core operating footprint. We're going to develop core combo development in core geology. We've got other assets that don't fall in within that core operating footprint that we would call those non-strategic. And I think that a rise in commodity price when that thesis plays out is going to sort of close that bid/ask spread between buyers and EQT as a seller for those type of assets. So, we keep those processes open.
Toby Rice: Yes. I would say -- I mean, when we look at any type of consolidation opportunities, I think the things that we're going to be looking for are acquisition that would be deleveraging to our business and also allow us to grow our free cash flow per share. So, I mean that's -- those are sort of two boxes that we're looking to check. Yes, there are assets out there on the market that would allow us to check those boxes. Like I said, you got to get through the value discussion with any willing seller. And to that end, we'll be disciplined in making sure that we can deliver on those two metrics for our shareholders.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean I think people are making the argument that MVP is the last major pipeline that comes out of the basin, I think is pretty credible. And I think, what you will see and I think one of the things why we believe that E-Train is undervalued is that there is going to be a tremendous amount of sort of downstream pipeline opportunities that E-Train will have now, because they've got that pipe coming out of Appalachia, filled with sustainably produced natural gas coming from EQT. Yes. It is disheartening to see just the pipe -- the pressure that pipelines have to get put in service. It is the most -- it is the safest, most environmentally friendly way of transporting energy that people need. And I think the other issue that came out pulling the apple was surprising. And it's even for pipelines that are in service to have that risk is concerning for us. So, I think for us at EQT it's -- and other operators and other members of industry, it's really important for us to continue to be vocal about the great service that we provide and how important energy is to the fuel mix. I think, all the conversation about ESG is great, because it now allows us to start telling our stories. And the industry has done really amazing things. We just haven't really talked about them. So, I think over this next year, you're going to see EQT talking about a lot of great things that we're doing, as well as other players in the energy mix.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, I would just summarize and say, we're going to see the pricing volatility every year in the shoulder seasons. So, these opportunities are going to present themselves. And I think as we deleverage our business, that gives us more flexibility to be strategic and executing these shut-ins and incorporating the ability to do this into our base operating model that we're working on.
Toby Rice: Well, I think you're seeing other peers -- I mean our shut-in while -- 1.4 Bcf a day of gross gas is pretty large, represents around 25% of our production base. I think, look at some of our other peers. I mean, the shut-ins they're talking about are around 25% as well. So, I think that a lot of other operators are seeing the same thing we're seeing and making a statement that this product is undervalued at these prices. And there is conviction that prices will be higher in the future. And so, you're seeing operator shut-in, and what I think is pretty meaningful.
Toby Rice: I think it's across all fronts. I mean, this organization could take up -- could carry more operations without having to add any headcount. So, I mean, G&A savings right out the gate. There are some acreage overlaps that would be -- that would allow us to drill -- increase the confidence in drilling longer laterals in greater combos, and then also being able to execute development at $680 a foot versus higher cost is certainly a benefit. And I think the last thing you look at is, which is unique to EQT is, we've set the table up with our gathering agreements to lower our gathering rates if we can steer more volumes onto our E-Train system. So, that's another dynamic at play that we'll look forward to leveraging if that opportunity comes into play.
Toby Rice: I was just going to say, customers on the ACP line, they were signing up for over $1.50 of fees. And so -- I mean, these costs would have been passed through to their customers. I mean these utilities. So, to be able to have the opportunity to pass through $0.77 versus $1.50 is ultimately better for the consumers as well, so. I mean that's one of the things that's underpinning, while we believe we can get this done at cost.
Toby Rice: Sure. I mean, we are not -- I think, it's important, we're not surprised to see LNG levels in this 3.5 Bcf to 4 Bcf a day of demand right now. This is something that is -- that we have taken into account with our pricing model. That being said, we do feel like LNG will be restored to that 7, Bcf, 8 Bcf a day range sort of toward the end of this year. Again, that is -- it is dependent on COVID. But, our pricing view does not need to have LNG at 10 Bcf a day running at full capacity. It's some that that's more conservative and allows for this lower period of demand disruption on LNG for the next few months as well.
Toby Rice: Yes. That's a great question. I mean, I think it highlights to one of the points that we make about our FT. It is a hedge. Our FT is a hedge against local basis blowing out. But, the dynamics that are set up right now is Appalachia is producing around 32 Bcf a day. We've got about call it 35 Bcf a day of local takeaway -- of takeaway and local demand. So, there is a 3 Bcf a day gap between what we are producing and what we are able to take away. Adding MVP that takes -- that takes you up to call it 37 Bcf a day. So, you've got a pretty big gap between capacity and supply in the basin. I think, you couple that with the fact that the basin is going to struggle to grow. I mean, you've got all operators saying that they're hanging in a maintenance mode. We're also seeing activity levels today, which suggest that this basin is going to decline. All of that is going to widen the gap of takeaway. And then, I think, the last point you look at is just sustaining 32 Bcf a day. Just looking at the amount of core inventory that's remaining to sustain that I think is also going to be a headwind for a lot of peers. And again, this comes back to EQT having a deep inventory of core combo-ready projects to develop. Won't be much of our issue, but I think another thing that's going to be a headwind for the basin to keep up.
Toby Rice: Thank you. A lot of progress made in the past year. And I think this sort of puts a pin in us looking backwards and comparing to campaign promises. And now, I think, everything going forward, I'm excited about looking forward to the future and continue to build on our momentum. And, thank you for your time and your support.
David Khani: Yes. Hi, this is Dave Khani. So, we're in the middle of discussions with a bunch of parties. So, I think we'll be very -- we'll just be very quiet on kind of the details. I’d just say, our goal would be to really sell it, so that there's no -- at least no out of pocket costs for us. And if we can structure where we actually can make money, we'll see if we can do that. But right now, there's a lots of discussion going on, and we should be very quiet while we’re in the middle of negotiations.
David Khani: Yes. I think, there's different parties want it for different time periods. And, but recognize, the need for gas is growing down in that southeast region over multi years. One entity is building -- there's a bunch of gas fired generation being built down there and so -- as well as some of the LDC needs as well. And so, their needs are for many, many years. So I think, that’s probably the biggest important thing.
David Khani: No. I mean, I would say, it's nice when your wells meet your type curve. And so, I mean that's happening, but that's no surprise to us. Yes. I mean, part of it was having lower line pressures, increase of the productivity of wells that are still flowing. And then, again, the 98% production uptime is something that was increased to what our plans were. But, I think, now that we're seeing consistent performance of that level from our field teams have been doing a really great job. I think, we'd probably move our expectations a little bit higher.
David Khani: But again, we might shut in again. We’ll that leave that option open for us if we want to do some more. And then, we'll update you if we do.
David Khani: Yes. Hi. This is Dave. I would say, think about the second half, very similar to the first half on average. So, third quarter and fourth quarter probably not much meaningfully different. So, just think about the average of the first half and the second half, which was I think around $280 million per quarter.
David Khani: Yes. We have a value in our head of what we want to sell it for. We think it's very much undervalued, and it's improved clearly off the bottom. And so, because we have our tax refund coming in to pay -- help us pay off and free cash flow pay off the 2021 notes, which are due in November, it kind of leaves the E-Train stake really for '22 retirement. And so, as you know, E-Train has about a 6% yield, our 2022 notes pay about a 3% interest rate. And so, for us to want to monetize E-Train, we want to make sure we get it at the right value. And so, we're not going to have to force it in. And so, if we get it to our value, we'll sell it. As we said before, we're not long-term holders. We just don't necessarily need to be in arbitrary year-end number -- time period to actually sell it. So again, if it gets to our target, we'll sell it. If it doesn't, we can be a little more patient.
David Khani: Yes. So, this is Dave. One, we really wanted to carve out the extra production as -- and really push that into the future period. And so, that was really impetus. And there was an arb, call anywhere from $0.50 to $1.30 when we did it. And so, again, the arb right now is probably about $1 or so. So, we could do more of this, if we want to. We have constraints of MVCs we need to think through as part of this. And we've all seen that we have goals to pay down a fair amount of debt. So, we just want to think through that as well. But, yes, as far as, is this something we'll want to do in the future? Probably. We'll continue to do this when it makes economic sense to do it. And remember, we're very hedged. We're over 90% hedged in this time period. So, at times we’ll have to -- if we want to do more of this stuff, we might have to unwind hedges, grab some value to shut in, and then we want to maybe add hedges in the future periods. So, there's some things we need to do to maneuver around to really take advantage of that arb.
David Khani: Yes. And there is a few things, if you watch. Right now, you are watching global gas supply didn't pull back in various different regions, besides the U.S. You're watching demand picking back up again. And then, really the third, which is a key piece too is that weather in the Northern Hemisphere was very warm last year. So, you want to base everything on normal weather and between supply, recovery from COVID and weather gives us confidence that gas exports out of the U.S. will pick back up. And we're not -- our model isn’t -- sat at 9.5 or 10 Bs. Our model is really sitting, as Toby mentioned,7 to 8-ish.
