Robert J. McNally: Good morning. As many of you saw, this morning, we announced several changes in our senior leadership team. So I'd like to begin this call this morning by thanking Lew Gardner, Pat Kane and David Schlosser for their years of service to EQT. They all made lasting contributions and played significant roles in the transformation of EQT over the past decade. I would also like to make three introductions. I'm happy to be joined today by Jimmi Sue Smith, our incoming CFO; Erin Centofanti, our new Executive Vice President of Production; and Blake McLean, our new Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. So with that, I'm going to pass the call over to Blake for further introductions and call details.
Robert J. McNally: Thanks, Erin. Today, I'm going to focus on EQT post split. Starting with the time line, as we near the end of the split process, we announced yesterday that the EQT board has approved the separation of our upstream and midstream businesses. We expect Equitrans Midstream will begin trading on a when-issued basis on October 31, and then both EQT and Equitrans will trade on a regular-way basis starting on November 13. And we expect the record date for the distribution to be November 1. In our updated slide deck, which will be posted this evening, we've included a few slides that highlight the persistent sum-of-the-parts discount that the separation is intended to address. What you see is that if you assume current market prices for the various midstream entities, the remaining EQT upstream business is trading at a very significant discount to our peers. EQT will enter the next chapter with one of the best asset bases in the country, with 680,000 core Marcellus acres and 2,400 undeveloped locations. We're capable of generating a combination of modest growth and significant free cash flow. We also have one of the strongest balance sheets in a peer group, allowing us to weather low commodity prices and allocate meaningful free cash flow through share buybacks and dividends driving per share returns. As we've discussed for the past several months, we're transitioning this organization from a volume growth mindset to a capital efficiency mindset. We will operate at a more moderate steady pace and we think that looks like six to seven frac crews on average, which will drive mid-single-digit annual production growth over the next five years. We believe this operational consistency will reduce cost per well, increase productivity per foot and continue our long-term trend of driving down development cost per MCF. Another advantage of this moderated growth and development pace is the improvement in overall portfolio decline rate. High growth rates mean a greater percentage of production coming from new high decline rate wells. And in a lower growth scenario, where new wells make up a smaller portion of the overall production, baseline decline rates moderate along with capital requirements. This is what drives the shape of our free cash flow profile. In our current base case forecast, we see annual maintenance level CapEx dropping from approximately $1.8 billion in 2019 to approximately $900 million by 2023. Based on mid-single-digit annual production growth case, we anticipate approximately $200 million of free cash flow in 2019 and $2.1 billion in cumulative free cash flow over the five year period. With respect to 2019, we are providing the following high-level guidance. We expect CapEx of $2.0 billion to $2.2 billion, net sales volumes of 1,470 Bcfe to 1,510 Bcfe and EBITDA of approximately $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. We're in the midst of working through our annual budget process, which we will present to the board in December. Consistent with our practice, we will give formal 2019 guidance at that time. We do understand that this quarter's operational update is a disappointment to shareholders. It certainly is a disappointment to me and this team as we underperformed our asset base in 2018. As the incoming CEO, I am committed to reshaping our culture to one that's focused on capital efficiency and per share returns as opposed to purely chasing volume targets. To close out my remarks, I would like to say thank you to all of the EQT and soon-to-be Equitrans employees as well as our advisors for a truly amazing job in getting these two strong businesses ready to be independent. It was a herculean effort that was flawlessly executed in record time. Great job. I'd also like to thank Dave Porges for his many years of excellent leadership and strategic vision at EQT. We're very grateful to Dave for stepping back in to the interim CEO role earlier this year in what was a very dynamic time at EQT. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Blake.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So on the cost side, we really saw the tightness in cost escalation in midyear when we were running – at one point, we were running 12 frac crews, 15 rigs, and on a daily basis would have something like 500 trucks on the road. That's where we saw the tightness and the costs increased. Now, as we've gotten into the fourth quarter, we backed off on that pace and we're down, I think, seven today frac crews and getting to a level where we expect to run long-term. And so those costs have come down and we expect that to continue. So, on the cost side, the higher costs that we saw through the middle part of the year have abated as we reduced our activity. On the lateral lengths, with the Rice acquisition, we all of a sudden have found ourselves with a land position that gave us the opportunity to go from, on average of 8,000-foot laterals to almost 14,000-feet. But mixed in there were quite a number of laterals that were between 15,000 feet and 20,000 feet and many in the kind of 18,500 feet range, which present a whole new set of challenges, stretching rigs to the limits of their capabilities. And in hindsight, we probably tried to drill too many of those ultra-long laterals in 2018. I think that there is potential upside in drilling those longer than 15,000 foot laterals, but we need to do it at a more measured pace so that we can incorporate the learnings into the next well as opposed to having multiple ultra-long laterals going at once. So I think what you'll see from us and what's baked into our 2019 thinking so far is that the majority of the wells that we drill will be more like 12,000 feet to 15,000 feet, and that the ones that are beyond 15,000 feet, we'll take much more measured view of. And we will work out many of the issues and be able to extend the laterals, but the blocking and tackling drilling will likely be less than 15,000-foot laterals.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So, on the first part of the question, that's the all-in CapEx number. It does include the land CapEx, so it's comparable to the $2.7 billion. And there is – correct me if I am wrong, about $100 million of tax gain in 2019 that's included in that.
Robert J. McNally: Yes. So, we do think that there probably is a sweet spot and maybe it's in that 14,000 foot to 15,000 foot range where when you get beyond that, your incremental cost per foot starts to creep back up because the problem wells get to be big problems. But what we found as an industry for many years is that what seems really tough today tomorrow people start figuring out. So I think what you'll see from us is we're not going to go both feet in drilling 17,000 foot and 18,000 foot laterals. We will do one here and there, but the vast majority of the wells that we drill going forward will be at less than 15,000 feet. And in that range, the wells are – we're much more consistent. We don't have the surprises that we do with the ultra-long laterals. But I would like to reemphasize. The move from 8,000 feet to 14,000 feet or 15,000 feet is huge in terms of economic efficiency. So we think that the gain that came from being able to extend that – the laterals to that kind of length is very real. It's just going from there to north of 15,000 feet is more problematic.
Robert J. McNally: No, no. When we thought through the synergies from Rice, we didn't contemplate wells longer than 14,000 feet or 15,000 feet. In fact, if you remember back to the guidance that we gave in late 2017 sometime, what we originally expected to average in 2018 was 12,000 foot laterals. So we were able to go significantly longer than that. It's just that the longest 20 or so wells that were longer than 15,000 feet, there's a real learning curve associated with that, and frankly, just the physics limitation of the rig and pressure pumping when you get out to those lateral lengths.
Robert J. McNally: Yes. So five years is a arbitrary time period that we think just gives enough visibility into the business that it's an appropriate timeframe, but there's nothing magic about the five years. If we spun it out further, it would look very similar. And we're not probably ready to give you more specific guidance than mid-single-digits, but I would take that for what it is. It's the middle of the pack. So 4%, 5%, 6%, 7%, something that range. And we think at that pace – and really, what was driving that, it was not a growth rate target, but rather an operational target of running somewhere between 6 and 8 frac crews or 5.5 and 7.5 frac crews, which we think is a really prudent way to develop the asset where we can be the most capital efficient. It drives modest growth and generates real free cash flow of over $2 billion in that timeframe. So we think that that's a model that for a company the size of EQT makes a lot of sense.
Robert J. McNally: No, we likely will give more color on the out-years as well when we announce our 2019 budget. Of course, the most granularity will come around 2019 that we will likely give more visibility beyond that as well.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So in terms of how we would split free cash flow between dividends and share buybacks, we do think that there is value in a modest but growing dividend, but that is constrained by a belief that in a highly cyclical business like natural gas and that a large dividend that stresses the cash flows that it is hard to manage in a downturn is probably too much. So if I had to try to ballpark it, I would say that we'd be more like three quarters spend on share buybacks versus dividends, but that can move around some.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So we're going to do the smart economic thing with the retained shares. So I think that there's likely to be some noise in the trading in early days for Equitrans and likely EQT as well. So we're not going to rush out the door to try to sell those shares. So we want to do it when we can get the best economic bang for our buck. But we look at that as capital to be deployed for really three things. It's for de-levering the balance sheet as much as we need to, for share buybacks and potentially to fund dividends. And what we've said a number times here in the past, call it, six months is that we really want to target a leverage level that's somewhere between 1.5 and 2 times debt-to-EBITDA. And I'd say that my personal view is that the lower end of that is probably the right range for us to be in. And so that would push us towards using the majority of that retained stake to delever the balance sheet a bit further post-spin.
Robert J. McNally: The price assumptions were stripped for 2019 and then $2.80 for the four years after that of NYMEX and then the local basis of $0.50. And then...
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. Currently, it's just a little over 30% is the basic line rate. And by year five, it gets down to mid-teens.
Robert J. McNally: It's not exactly linear. It's higher in 2019 and 2020 and then takes a pretty big step down in 2021 and then flattens out between 2021 and 2023.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. And then that will – that TIL rate will come down pretty dramatically over the next few years as the base decline rate drops.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So about a half of the costs were inefficiencies from running so many rigs, so many frac crews, the logistics issues that came with that, about half of that is tied to those inefficiencies. And then a portion is increased service costs that we saw during that period that have now abated and a quarter or so is from the – of the cost is from the problem wells in the ultra-long laterals.
Robert J. McNally: Well, on a per foot basis, 2018 is going to be significantly higher than what we expected. It's going to be over $1000 of lateral foot versus more like $900 or $915 is what we would've expected. And we'll expect for 2019 that we're back down in that $900 range per lateral foot.
Robert J. McNally: We do expect to be able to keep EQT at the investment-grade level. That's the indication we've had through the conversations with all three agencies.
Robert J. McNally: I mean, certainly that weighs in the economics and we consider that. The difficulty, though, is that in West Virginia, we're still drilling significantly shorter laterals. So even with some liquids component that does help on realizations, it still doesn't compete very well with drilling 12,000 and 14,000 foot laterals in Greene or Washington counties.
Robert J. McNally: There's not a change in the hedging philosophy necessarily, but when we see forward pricing that we like, we've seen some decent pricing in 2019, and at least for the near term, we're likely to layer in a bit more on the hedges. But in terms of hedging heavier further out, there's no real change in philosophy.
Robert J. McNally: Yes, we think – so pro forma for the Huron sale, backing that out and the little bit that was in West Texas, we think that the pro forma production is about 1,430 Bcfe in 2018.
Robert J. McNally: There are no major changes in those assumptions. The big change is when MVP comes online. So 2020, 2021, all of the out-years after 2019 will have MVP transportation charges, but also will have the uplift for better end markets as well.
Robert J. McNally: No, your math is about right, except that the shape of that curve is not linear. So what you'll see is that the first two years 2019 and 2020, that maintenance CapEx number is much higher, $1.7 billion – or $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion or something like that, but then it drops off significantly in years three, four and five. And so the average of $1.2 billion that we have talked about previously it's still right. It's just that the shape of that is not exactly linear.
Robert J. McNally: I'm not sure I understood the question, but I'll answer what I think I heard. So it is not a 1% growth in volumes. It's more like 5% growth if you pro forma the 2018 volumes for the sale of the Huron. And so I think that pro forma number is about 1430 Bcfe. And so it's more like 5% or so growth. And the $2 billion to $2.2 billion is consistent with the maintenance level, just keeping production flat, CapEx number of about $1.8 billion and then the rest is for the growth volumes. But remember, matching CapEx and production changes in the current – in a single period is always a bit off because the CapEx you spend in a period really will affect the production in the next period, not the period that you're in.
Robert J. McNally: And the rigs will come down over time. But in 2018, we're down now to, I think, it's seven frac crews, but we were as high as 12 mid-year. So what we intend to do and maybe this doesn't quite come through in our comments, but it is we intend to run at a steady pace. Moving towards a manufacturing model where we can deploy capital in the most efficient manner as opposed to ramping up and down, which is always very expensive when you're mobing and de-mobing frac crews or rigs.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah, And just to follow on that, you'll see that the CapEx piece will continue to decline as the base decline rates continue to decline for any given growth rate or for a maintenance level.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. I mean, the type curves that we put out are based on a per foot basis or the type curve right now is 2.4 Bcf per 1,000 feet of lateral. And so at 12,000 feet and 15,000 feet, the per foot EUR is still the same. So you can just multiply that.
