Patrick Kane: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in EQT’s first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. With me today are Dave Porges, President and Chief Executive Officer; Phil Conti, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Randy Crawford, Senior Vice President and President of Midstream, Distribution and Commercial, and Steve Schlotterbeck, Senior Vice President and President of Exploration and Production. In just a moment, Phil will summarize our operational and financial results for the quarter, which we released this morning. Then Dave will provide an update on strategic operational and regulatory matters. And following Dave’s remarks, Dave, Phil, Randy and Steve will all be available to answer your questions. But, first, I’d like to remind you that today’s call may contain forward-looking statements. It should be noted that a variety of factors could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors are listed under risk factors in the company’s Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2010 that was filed with the SEC as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs which are on file with the SEC and are available on our website. Today’s call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. And you can refer to the morning’s press release for important disclosures regarding such measures and forward-looking statements discussed on today’s call. I’d now like to turn the call over to Phil Conti.
Patrick Kane: Thank you, Dave. This concludes the comments portion of the call. Andrew, we’re ready for you open the lines for questions.
Patrick Kane: Thank you, Andrew. That does conclude today’s call. The call will be replayed for a seven-day period beginning approximately 1:30 PM Eastern Time today. The phone number for the replay is 412-317-0088. The confirmation code for the replay is 447030, and it’s also available on our website for seven days. Thank you, everyone, for participating.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Neal, regarding the specifics of the technique we’re still not ready to talk about the specifics, a couple of things I’ll say though, typically 5300 foot length of well with the new design is quite a bit more expensive, probably about a million dollars more expensive. ` So while we are clearly seeing higher production rates initially, it’s very important that we get a little longer production history so we can accurately calculate the return we are getting for that extra million dollars. I can say we have about five wells so far that have more than 100 days of production with the new technique and they’re averaging a little more than 60% higher production over that time period than their offsets would be standard technique. So results are very encouraging, but it’s going to be closer to the end of the year before we talk in more detail about it.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I don’t know that we would go with a VTP proper, but I love – Phil and his group have been looking at what’s out there and I’m happy to let him share any observations he’s got about what we’ve seen in the marketplace.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think it is a fair run rate. The efficiencies that we gain in the Marcellus from the high production rates, the multiple wells per pad, as we do more and more Marcellus, that should only support those low LOE unit costs that we see. Now, obviously, the one exception is on production taxes. And I think Phil spoke to that. But you’d probably have to look at 2010 or 2009 as a better normalized rate, if you assume that there is some form of compact fee that eventually comes to Pennsylvania. And Randy is the best one to talk about it, if you want to hit cost structure on the Midstream side.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Yeah. Well, Michael, with respect to that, again, when you work with the more pads per well and the longer lateral, the efficiency gains associated with the Midstream are also significant, and you can see that in the results. And essentially, less miles of pipe or more volume per mile of pipe capacity is what we achieve in Marcellus. I mean it’s actually with the longer laterals and more pads. And also, a factor in the environmental footprint that Dave had mentioned earlier. So those efficiency gains do translate in the Midstream cost reductions, as well.
Steven Schlotterbeck: So if you know people who’ll call in on that one, what we’re telling folks who call on that, because I think we’ve now made it clear enough that we are open to just about anything that we actually do to get a fair number of inquiries. And it’s this changing dynamic in the Marcellus which gives us some pause on storage. We’re going to be moving away from long line pipes to bring gas into this region. It’s going to be more local production. And what’s going to be the role of storage is going to be a question. And when I say that, I recognize that it is always possible, though, to contract for storage, even if one doesn’t own it. It’s just that that’s an asset where the value is a little bit – it’s a little bit less clear whether the changes in dynamics in the market are going to – what effect they’re going to have on the value of the assets, compared to what’s going on in some of the other areas of the midstream further south of the Marcellus.
Steven Schlotterbeck: But everything we’ve got here, in case you are talking to friends and stuff, there’s a price for everything, so don’t be shy.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Sure. I mean in (inaudible) Steve with the excellent results, we’ve positioned ourselves to stay out in front, and we positioned to have 70 million a day out of the West Virginia, and we are – one of the positive aspects of that is at a higher BTU gas, and we have JT skids there to extract and to meet the pipeline quality. Going forward and the previously announced agreement with MarkWest on the processing facility, is in the next year is when we’ll be able to expand additional capacity over and above the 70 million a day.Rhett Bruno – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thanks.
Steven Schlotterbeck: No, absolutely. And you’re right, we work, of course, Steve and I and the two teams that work hand in glove to ensure that the development plan and the midstream plans are working together, and they’ve done an excellent job, and we’ve been focused in, in a couple of primary areas, right our Greene County and our Doddridge area and we’ve been able to build out the additional capacity in those areas. One of the benefits of the Marcellus, just so you are aware, is the higher pressure wells, and so we do take advantage of some of those higher pressures, so as we stage in the larger diameter pipe, the longer lead items such as compression that we can stage in as the wells are brought in line, and so that’s how we look at it, is that we put the Bates infrastructure in and then we bring in the compression as the wells come on. With respect to our Equitrans asset, as we previously announced in line, we turned on line in excess of a hundred million a day of capacity this year, we have an additional 400 million a day that we are through the certificate process that will be coming on in 2012. And again we’ve at EQT in terms of the commercial we’ve always been proactive on the downstream capacity commitments on the interstate pipelines. We have a large position on Columbian transmission to move our HERON gas. We’ve been – we have a contract as you’re aware of with the Tennessee gas pipeline for 350 million a day that moves our product even further downstream into a northeastern market. And also with segmentation provides the flexibility to move an additional 300 into the south market. So again, that’s how we look at it, we work closely together. We built out the infrastructure and we have – I think an excellent track record of being out in front and doing just that.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Well, I think, I mean, I just do the simple math for you, if you double the lateral length from those, from our experience we would double the initial rate. So you’d be looking at a 5300-foot lateral well with 18 million a day IP, if you just double those averages. And I think – I’m not going to quoting the UR, but you can probably go back to numbers we’ve published before, and see what an 18 million a day IP would – might look like.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Well, we do generally, but we have a lot of leases and a lot of acreage in certain areas, the short laterals just fit better than longer ones. And that was the case on this lease. So, we can drill economic wells with extremely short laterals, down well below 2,000 feet per well, and we’re still generating excellent returns. So when we have to drill short, we will. Obviously when we can drill longer, that is our strong preference.
Steven Schlotterbeck: But you are aware that our processing – the processing plant that we’ve -where we’ve contracted for capacity, that MarkWest facility is not going to be ready until next year.
Steven Schlotterbeck: A Cryo about 2.5 gallons, and so that’s – and then we – we’re essentially meeting the specs and we blend the gas and we’re able to move that way. So overly not getting much in the way of – we’re getting the benefits from liquids and that you’re getting more BTU per unit volume, but we’re not getting the pick-up in the premium – really much of a pick-up for a premium in per BTU value, those liquids, until that plant is...
Steven Schlotterbeck: Yeah, so I’m not sure that it goes – in that area, of course, it’d be higher than 7%, because that was an average number across all of our properties, but the issue, if you’re getting it, about the ethane, it’s more of a question of when do the ethane markets start delivering better value per BTU than methane. And when we follow the reports of folks, who are coming up over other ways to move the ethane, it doesn’t strike us that they’re getting any better than ethane prices. So the real issue is making sure that you – you’re moving ethane, so that you can get the gas to pipeline quality, not really to get a pick-up in per BTU pricing. Does that – hope I said that in a way that my – that it’s clear.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I mean, obviously, it would be great if we had robust ethane markets here, and a bunch of us in the industry are looking for those types of longer term opportunities to see if we can get those, but right now we’re really just talking about folks making sure they can move the ethane, so that they can, so the gas can lock.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Well, generally speaking, the contracts we have are for frac services are basically fixed plus variable, so a lot of the consumables we use are variable, and we have seen – I think on average about a 7% increase in those over the – sequentially from the prior quarter. Much of the rest is fixed, but they can still vary based on a few indices. So as inflation picks up, we may – we are subject to some continued costs increase, but I think we’re pretty well mitigated from the supply/demand pressures that we’ve seen in the past. So when there’s no a lot of activity and operators are willing to pay whatever it takes to get a frac crew, and prices shoot up, we’re insulated from that, at least through the end of the year.
Steven Schlotterbeck: No, no, no. no, I’m sorry. No, I wouldn’t. We wouldn’t see that being lowered. As a matter of fact, the way we kind of seen that two is that we’d be talking about a more of a several year CAGR, even though we’re only talking about outspending for three years, so it kind of gets the machine going. And in fact, by the end of that period is when you probably start dropping down a little bit. When you’re – obviously, it is difficult to grow any business at 30% – any capital instance of business at 30% while living within cash flow indefinitely, so we actually rely on the jump start kind of front end load a little bit of that.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I actually think about this a lot. That is happening now. And we’re already benefiting from some of that lag, because we have put money in – obviously, we have outspent our cash flow for the last couple of years.
Steven Schlotterbeck: So we’re actually getting – we actually are benefiting from the fact that that occurred over the last year or two currently. And that would – we would anticipate that continuing, but it does mean that that’s – that’s why we do feel some urgency to make sure we keep that going.
Steven Schlotterbeck: No, I think the – probably the ratio that we spend on midstream to total remains pretty similar to what it is in 2011. Obviously, that’s a lot lower than what it had been.Rhett Bruno – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
David Porges: Sure. I think we are absolutely convinced that longer laterals are better, at least up to 9,000 feet, which is as far as we’ve drilled to-date. We do plan a few laterals this year, even longer than that, but at least up to 9,000 feet, we are absolutely convinced, based on what we’ve done, that longer is better from an economic standpoint. We think what you may be hearing from others when they’re looking at their all-in economics, is they’re factor in these lease obligations, so the drilling obligations related to leases. But if you factor in an assumption that you would lose leases because of failing to meet the drilling obligations, and then you might say that you would assume that you would have to pay market rate to get those leases back and you factored those into the economics. It is probably true that shorter laterals make more sense because what you want to do in that circumstance is touch as many of those leases as possible. Remembering that these initial lease terms, that the norm has been a five-year lease term, and some folks did, especially ones who moved to the Marcellus earlier than us, would be nearing the end of some of those initial terms. So from an all-in economics perspective for those companies, it probably does in fact make the most sense, until they’re – you know, until they’ve got the volumes flowing and they’ve honored the obligations, and then they’ll move into whatever seems to be most economic at that point. And it may also be the different parts of the state have different – there are slightly different geologies in different parts of the state.
David Porges: We have had a relatively modest leasing effort in the recent past. I’ll probably leave it at that. Frankly, we’ve been waiting for economic circumstances to have caused the lease bonuses to have dropped, though I have to acknowledge that doesn’t really seem to have happened very much.
David Porges: All of the – all of the numbers we’ve given you on volume guidance, Scott, are consistent with staying at that CapEx level. Now, look, we’ve talked about asset sales before, because part – realistically part of the grand plan is to monetize some other assets and ramp up, and eventually, as a result, ramp up the development pace and in that circumstance, absolutely you would see over some period of time capital going up, but we’re very conscious of the concern, frankly, that a number of investors have that we are not spending money before we have it.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So just so I understand, you’re not – even though your well customer higher, you’ve not made a change to your 2011...
David Porges: Honestly I would expect that every couple of quarters you’ll be hearing something.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks guys.
David Porges: And I recognize when I say that that the first quarter you already heard something, which we announced and also closed on the Langly thing, and we would certainly expect that you’ll be hearing more very specific stuff in 2011, and then you’ll hear specific stuff in 2012. I mean that’s absolutely the goal.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: All right. I appreciate it, thanks.
Philip Conti: One of the reasons we’ve tended to focus more on feet of pay and frac stages and things like that, as opposed to the well count itself.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. No, that makes sense. And then as you look, and it sounds like you’re doing a little bit more stepping out in some of your Marcellus areas and you’re seeing – it seems to be pretty good results, and you recently said you are drilling a well in Tyoga, how much just in general terms of your activity is going to be in the areas of like Tyoga where it’s a little bit of a stretch from where you’ve operated previously.
Philip Conti: Well, I think there’s still – we look at everything in terms of the value proposition and what’s best to create shareholder value. Obviously storage, going forward, the spreads have been narrowing, but our judgment is that that’s a – it’s a key part of the growth in Marcellus and in this basin, creating demand and a need for storage. So we certainly would look at that, but we see that as an integral asset, as well, as we continue to grow our volumes going forward.
Philip Conti: Yes, but the practical reality, given that most of the money for the Marcellus, at least, is spent on fracing, would be even if we were making a commitment, most of that would – or a big chunk of any increased commitment that we would have would, under the scenario you described, would probably still show up in 2012, and with the volume showing up in 2012 and then out years. So the short answer is yes, but I wanted to make sure you had a better feel. But with the pad drilling, we do have longer lags on when the money actually gets spent versus committed.Becca Followill – US Capital Advisors: Yeah, I’ve got that, Phil. I just wanted to make sure that you guys would put that money to work pretty quickly. You wouldn’t say, I am going to save that for the next year, I am going to go ahead and start...
Philip Conti: And honestly, the reason for that – at one point I was thinking we would, that it would be a rainy day fund or something like that, and frankly now, based on more of the work that we’ve done in the asset market, our view would be, no, that would come from the next, you know, if we wanted that, that would be the next asset sale.Becca Followill – US Capital Advisors: Great. Thank you.
Philip Conti: Yes, great question. Some of them were asked. We have had an email match – we have had a fairly significant backlog in Doddridge Country primarily because we’ve been drilling some pretty large multi-well pads, and as Dave said previously, we take a fairly conservative approach to not having simultaneous operations on the pad. So we’ve had a backlog build up here recently, now we’ve begun to work that down. And just this week, we started turning in line a 7-well pad in Doddridge County, six of those wells are – have been in line for 24 hours or more, as I speak. I can tell you the average 24-hour rate from those six wells is 9.2 million cubic feet a day. These were relatively short lateral wells due to the nature of the lease, the average lateral length was 2,970 feet and we had average of just under 11 stages per well. So the total up all is IP, it’s a little over 55 million a day total. You want to talk to the capacity.
Philip Conti: First, Randy is going to answer that. But we have become one of the bigger producers. I think that the – missed some, but we have actually become one of the bigger producers on the Marcellus, but that said –
Philip Conti: No, in fact just the opposite. The revise design would raise our per well cost and per stage cost. However, what we’re waiting to see is if that incremental investment is justified by the higher production and reserve. So, we’re going to wait until later in the year before we start drawing conclusions on that, but – so the goal is per unit costs going down, but per well or per stage costs would certainly go up.
Philip Conti: Well, we are certainly looking at those and watching what our competitors are doing in those areas. I think the Upper Devonian, we have drilled one well in the Upper Devonian several months ago in West Virginia. And we will drill at least one more this year in Southwestern Pennsylvania. Our plans for the Utica right now are to sit tight and watch what our competitors are doing, and if that ends up being the next big thing, we’ll be right there with them.
