Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude, I want to take us back to what I said at the beginning of the call. EQT is a differentiated, long-term natural gas investment opportunity. Everything we have done to date has been focused on being able to make this assertion, and I believe we've checked this box. By substantially reducing our operational and financial risk organically, we can now play to what we see as the medium and long-term strengths of our company and unparalleled core natural gas inventory, a base business with a cost structure that will decline over time, an ability to access differentiated pricing markets and a macro pricing dynamic with greater upside SKU. Underpinning our excitement about the medium- and long-term investment opportunity is the growing appreciation of the role of natural gas in addressing climate change, in particular, as it relates to US LNG. As we and others continue to do more work on the best way for the United States to influence global climate change, it is apparent that a ramping of US LNG is an emissions reduction opportunity that can be executed at scale, with speed, at a low cost in here in America. This opportunity cannot be replicated anywhere else in the world. The macro events that we are seeing are forcing a conversation grounded in reality. We believe that conversation will end with a significant call on US nat gas. And EQT, America's Natural Gas Champion, will be ready to answer that call. I'd like to now open the call up for questions.
Toby Rice: Hey good morning, Arun. This is Toby. So yeah, great question on buyback and pace. Certainly, it's an exciting opportunity in front of us. Just a little bit about what we've done to date to help you understand the pace that we've been working at, the $50 million over the first month, if you ran that forward 12 months, that would put us at about $600 million annualized on the buyback. A couple of things influencing that pace. One, I think that we started off with a pretty warm winter. And given the fact that it seems the market is very short-term focused, been a little bit disciplined to see how the weather played out. And that may have had has been a little bit more conservative because, obviously, if we had a warmer winter, that would have created an even more compelling opportunity for us to buy back our stock. But we're here now, we're through winter, and I think you can see us look to accelerate the pace going forward on the buyback. As far as the dividend is concerned, while we haven't really talked too much about it, I mean the ultimate game plan for our dividend is to position this company to be a consistent dividend grower. And that's the -- I'd say the last part of our capital allocation plan that we'd like to provide some color on in the future.
Toby Rice: Yeah, Scott, this is Toby. Just some high-level comments just what's going on in the world right now. And really just to read through of how important pipeline infrastructure is in this country, specifically MVP. Listen, two weeks ago, we got a letter from senators in New England saying that, they're basically looking for more supply into their areas. And the reason why they're looking – while they're paying extreme prices in New England is because of lack of pipeline infrastructure, plain and simple. And without these pipelines, we're going to continue to see these extreme pricing scenarios, which, by the way, we don't like as energy providers. We want to provide low-cost, reliable energy to every American. And why is what's happening in New England relevant – it's relevant to the people in Southeastern United States. You need to understand that, there is a pipeline that is going to be – allow you to benefit from low-cost, reliable clean energy. And this is something that people need to be aware of because, what's happening in Europe, what's happening in New England is – it starts with things like that's happening right now with MVP in the south eastern part of the United States and we’ve really are looking forward to again that pipeline project completed.
Toby Rice: Sure. So the -- yes. So the EUR uplift we're looking at right now are going to be double-digit increases on a percentage basis. We're not able to say exactly what that will be dialed in. We have -- just to give you some color on what we're doing, our small-scale science testing program that we've done over the last couple of years was testing different pieces of our 37 different, well-designed parameters. Each of those well-designed parameters that we picked have shown uplifts. And now we're combining all of those, the best, well-designed parameter uplifts, putting those together and that's making up our next-gen well design. So if we assume that we got the uplift from all of those pieces that we're putting together, it would be pretty exciting. We're taking a conservative approach right now. So I think by the end of 2022, we'll have a full assessment of what the total impact for all three of these. But I mean, each of these individual tests were exciting by themselves and putting them together is something that we're looking forward to assessing in 2022. And that percentage increase that we get in the EURs will dictate the amount of activity reductions we'll need.
Toby Rice: Yes. Number one, lessons learned. I think we're pretty excited about the fact that we've taken a pretty disciplined approach to underwriting these deals. We've learned that we were conservative and proven to be conservative, seeing the operational performance improvements on Chevron with the OpEx dropping by over 30%, the drilling efficiencies we're seeing in Alta. Hopefully, we continue to see more efficiencies as we step more into completion. So, I think it's a really great example of this modern operating model we've built and the teams here can unlock the value that we conservatively underwrite. So that's number one. Number two, again, just being disciplined, we didn't pay for any of the -- what we consider, the lesser quality inventory. We always said that in these -- both these packages, a significant amount of Tier 2 acreage that we always said if gas prices ever get to $2.75, there's going to be a tremendous amount of option value unlocked. Well, this is where we're at today. So, again, all to say just to be conservative in our approach there. So, that's been great. I think we're always looking at deals in the future. But anything we do, whether it's M&A or buybacks, I mean it's all about putting our dollars to the best investments, best rate of return. And given the market today for -- on the M&A landscape, nothing competes with buying our stock, and that's been our focus.
Toby Rice: I was just going to wrap-up. I mean, all those things that Dave mentioned are going to be represented in what we're calling our breakeven cost enough to run the business, yeah, which is sub-230 today and going lower.
Toby Rice: Yeah. I mean I think there's real value here with our ESG initiatives, specifically on the environmental front. Where is the value? The value is in restoring the reputation of natural gas as the solution for the lowest cost, most reliable, cleanest form of energy. There is a major market opportunity for natural gas, as we've outlined on one of our slides here. Globally, there's over 400 Bcf a day of natural gas demand that's currently being filled by burning coal. And in a world that cares about climate change, the number one thing we can do is replace foreign coal with clean burning natural gas. Hands down, full stop, the biggest impact we can make on arresting climate change is a arresting coal. The answer to do that is with natural gas. How are we going to get on the playing field and play a leading role in this is we've got to improve our status and showcase how great we produce and how great we operate from an environmental perspective? If you look at slide 23, one of the simple ways we can do that is by saying that we're net-zero. Let's take methane emissions off of the table, which get -- which has been a question that we've been getting a lot. But this is great because methane emission is something that this industry is going to knock out of the park. We've laid out our pneumatic device program. That's the biggest thing we can do across the country at EQT. As Dave mentioned, we're accelerating our pneumatic device retirement program. We're going to be eliminating over 8,000 pneumatic devices this year for a cost of less than $20 million. That's going to be a big step towards us getting to be net-zero. And by doing that, that Stage 1 for our reputation is eliminating the methane emissions. We're going to do that. The next step is illuminating the performance, and that's coming with our RSG certification programs. EQT is one of the largest -- or is the largest producer of certified natural gas with over 4 Bcf a day. That's over 5% of US nat gas volumes are now certified just from EQT alone. And then you look at the rest of industry and everybody is picking up their part of it and being transparent and rushing to do the RSG certification. So the transparency is going to be there. And then with eliminating the methane emissions, illuminating how good we are, then we can start talking about the alternating coal with natural gas around the world. What is this ultimately going to do for us, Neal? There are higher-priced markets where people are paying higher prices for energy. And if we can get infrastructure in place, then we can connect low-cost Pennsylvania Marcellus, West Virginia, Ohio, low-cost Appalachia gas to these higher-priced markets, and that's going to create a tremendous opportunity for our investors and also a tremendous cost saving opportunity for millions of Americans and billions of people around the world. So I mean, it's a process, but really, really excited about the opportunity in front of us.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is applicable to Southwest PA. It's around -- 30% of our wells are going to have this new next-generation well designed. But the -- really, the thing we're looking forward to is applying this next-gen design across the entire portfolio. And that would mean West Virginia, that would mean Northeastern Pennsylvania. And that's really exciting for us. And I think we talk a lot about how can EQT leverage our scale. We say, well, scale gives us the ability to invest in two things, infrastructure and technology. And while we've shown you what we've done on the infrastructure side with the big water network in West Virginia, technology is being showcased here. To get these answers and make these design improvements, it's going to cost any company, call it, the $50 million to get these answers. The difference with scale is that – that $50 million investment for us is going to translate to many, many, many multiples of value creation because when it's applied to our scale. So that's – we're excited about looking forward to the results here in 2022, and we'll keep everybody updated on the progress as it comes in.
Toby Rice: Yeah. I don't want to get too much into the details, but I will tell you this. One of the biggest factors to improve well design is spacing, and we're not touching spacing. So the things that we are doing are going to be things where we still have flexibility. So we're not setting ourselves up to completely commit to this. We are preserving a lot of flexibility in the design parameters that we selected as this NextGen design. So I think that's really important. And we're confident it's going to be favorable, but we've got that flexibility baked in. And there's still other – like I said, other big parameters like spacing or other levers we can pull. Those are more prone to the gas environment you expect, but that's another lever that's in the back of our heads that we're evaluating as well.
Toby Rice: Sure. So with inflation, we've got a lot of our services locked in. So feel like that's pretty much there. There are some things that, we think will hopefully alleviate in the back half of this year or towards the end of the year, and that's largely one of the bigger drivers of inflation that you're seeing across the country and that's steel. So we are hopefully optimistic that, that will correct towards the end of this year. And then just sort of the other stuff that is the constant grind every day, it's just making sure we have the right access to the right amount of materials, logistics. And those are things that we can do proactively hustling every day to stay ahead of it, and hopefully mitigate some of the inflation impacts that we're seeing. And to your last question on – yeah, to your last question going forward, I mean, we are anticipating that inflation will abide, but we do have inflation baked into our forecast.
Toby Rice: Well, one thing I would say is, LNG exports in -- whether it's in Gulf Coast or anywhere in the United States, is going to benefit natural gas producers, just serving as an outlet for -- by creating new demand for every operator. So while we do have access to Gulf Coast through our FT portfolio, we do have the opportunity to touch that. As far as your question about being landlocked, this definitely is going to be -- it's going to require more than EQT. It's going to be required more than just this industry. It's going to require leadership to use their voice and claim their energy security. This means we need to take a look at pipeline projects and people that are concerned about rising energy prices in New England. Let's remind them that there's 8 Bcf a day of pipeline projects out of the Northeast that have been canceled or canceled or opposed. Those are projects that we can revive, breathe life into, bring those back in line and give the energy security to places like New England. One thing that's really key to understand, though, is our biggest natural gas fields in the country and in the world, the Marcellus, is going to be the answer for doing more -- supplying more LNG to the world and to the rest of America. And so getting pipeline access out of Appalachia has got to be a very big focus for us, just given the amount of reserves that we have here in Appalachia. And just to put this in perspective for everybody, Appalachia has more reserves in place than Russia. So it's incredibly important that we focus on this. I think people have identified the issues with the energy ecosystem. And the answer is the Marcellus. The answer is more pipelines out in New England. It really is that simple. And the prize is absolutely tremendous, both here domestically and for the world being able to get off of foreign coal.
Toby Rice: Yes. We have seen a lot of movement and change favorably towards natural gas happening in Europe. I think most significantly is marking nuclear and natural gas as green energy options. That's really exciting. And my perspective, Europe is probably five years ahead of the United States and it comes to how they think about climate and influencing policies. Europe has put over 25% of their grid on renewables, and they're seeing the impacts of sacrificing, reliable clean energy and just prioritizing the green stuff. So it's a good lesson for us to look at here. And yes, I mean, there's issues that are showing up here in the United States, specifically in New England, but not just in New England, I mean, energy outages are a thing across the country. I think last call, I talked about there being over 19,000 blackouts in the United States over the last 10 years. The blackout happening every three hours. So, we clearly need more reliability, more energy security here in the United States. And the good news is we've got a solution, and it's US natural gas, and we've got a lot of it. We can provide the lowest cost, most reliable clean energy in the world here. So, yes, I mean, we've got a really credible solution. I think people are opening their eyes to that this needs to be a balanced approach. We need to do more renewables. We need to do more natural gas. And it's got to be a complete team effort here. And we're definitely going to be -- I think natural gas is the best player we can put on the field. But total, it's definitely going to be a team effort.
Toby Rice: Yes. What happens is the potential of the Marcellus stays throttled. And that's going to mean a continued maintenance – disciplined maintenance program and EQT will be generating a lot of free cash flow in that situation. One of the unique things about EQT is obviously, how can companies grow. One of the unique things about EQT is, we are going to grow our free cash flow per share even in a maintenance mode. I think that is incredibly unique for us. And even with gas prices going down in '23, our free cash flow is going to grow, and our yield is going to go from 20% to 30% from '22 to '23. So listen. I hope we have the opportunity to -- I would love to see sustainable demand where we can secure higher prices than what we're getting locally here and we can secure that supply with the long-term demand. So we're not throwing the supply-demand fundamentals out of whack. That opportunity, I hope, presents itself, and we'll be pushing for it. But up until then, we're sort of just out here being -- letting everybody know the solution that's here and we're more than willing to go out there and help. But we definitely have growth in our business, but it's not going to be from production without the sustainable demand signal.
Toby Rice: Thank you. Over the past couple of years, I got a question a lot Toby, why are you doing this? The takeover, the turnaround of this business? It was incredibly a lot of work. The reason why we went through this is to be in this position today. This is the price. The momentum that this company has built over the years is tremendous. The free cash flow momentum we have is really starting to show up, and we're really excited about continuing this rate of change story and delivering for our shareholders. Thank you.
David Khani: Yeah, hi. So this is Dave. So first and foremost, when we provided guidance, you'll notice that we provided wider ranges for free cash flow in our basis, just given the fact that gas is very volatile. We started and put the guidance out, prices were actually $0.80 higher. And so what we did was we put some conservatism into our guidance ranges, so that we have a cushion here so that we can handle that volatility. So that's part one. And the other part of the delta is. If you noticed, our CapEx is up about $75 million versus what we've put out before at $1.3 billion, 50 of it -- actually a touch above it is actually tied to our new well design. And so that's going to bear a lot of fruit for us. I'll also note that within our guidance is about $20 million of incremental year-over-year pneumatics, which will get paid back in RSG and then some. So those I call two things. And then, obviously, we dealt with a little inflation. So when you factor that in, I would say that, along with the fact that basis was wider and with MVP being pushed, those are probably the majority of the items that drive the delta between what we put out before and what we're putting out now.
David Khani: Yeah. So if you noticed in the slides, because we had – we have something on our FT portfolio, and how our gas moves around, we provided for 2022 and 2023. We had to pick a spot on where we thought MVP was going to come online. And we did that as a placeholder before E-Train puts out their update in about a week or so. So we picked midyear 2023. So effectively, we say to set about a year delay. But again, I think that is a placeholder that we'll adjust once E-Train puts out their updated guidance. So when you look at the impact to us, I would say, basis widened in 2022, basis wide in 2023, we lose the benefit of the fee relief, but we also don't pay the high 70s cost on the portion that we retained. And we also don't pay, we'll call it the Henry Hub kicker piece as well. So when you net it out, it's – I'll call it a modest negative for 2022. It's a little bit bigger negative 23%. But if you look out actually over the six-year period or so, actually, it's an overall net benefit from a total free cash flow perspective, irregardless of what basis and does.
David Khani: Yes, Holly, it's a great question. Just to make sure everybody knows. We have all of 2022 to determine whether we want to take back the fee relief that we put in place for, we'll call it, through the next three years, subject to when MVP comes online, and that fee relief was about, we'll call it, $250 million roughly. We could take that back as a check of cash for approximately $200 million. So the determination really will be when do we think MVP come online, right? That's going to be the question mark. And so, we'll sit and wait and look and see what E-Train says as sort of the timing, and then we'll think about whether we pull the trigger on pulling that cash.
David Khani: Yes, we'll -- we actually sold some shares in the fourth quarter, and we'll be thoughtful in when we want to sell them again. And so I think with the specter of timing unknown on MVP, we'll probably be a little patient here, given the stock is now below 8. And so we'll wait until we get the view on MVP and the timing, because I think that's creating obviously, a cloud over E-Train stock.
David Khani: Yes. So we have some -- a little bit of midstream impact that went up. We have a little bit of non-op -- some non-op cost went up. And then we also signed our gas -- I'm sorry water agreement with E-Train and PA. Those are probably the three pieces that really drove the increase. And so those are -- you can classify a little bit of that is inflation, but I think it's also some updated contracting that we did with E-Train on the water deal.
David Khani: Yes. Just an overall just view on guidance. When we provide guidance, we do with very high confidence and our goal is to beat guidance and move it up. And so just look at our last two years' track record, that's been our goal is when we set guidance, we want to beat our guidance.
David Khani: Yes. So we try to – just like we try to -- with all our investors, our commercial banks, we have lots of conversations with the rating agencies, and we want to make sure they are very comfortable in our glide path back to investment grade. So we've had multiple conversations about our shareholder and capital allocation plan. And if you notice, our buyback is very much paired with our debt reduction, right? And we feel that's very prudent from our standpoint to how we manage our balance sheet. And I think they feel comfortable that where we're setting our balance sheet and our goals and our long-term leverage. So, it's not about just taking leverage down because that will happen with higher prices. It's really about taking absolute debt down, and that's very important to them and it's very important to us.
David Khani: Yes. So first and foremost, know that embedded into '22 is the new well design cost, we'll call it, slightly over $50 million. We really don't have any benefit, material benefit of that new well design in our production. And so just know that as a starting point. We have embedded into our 10-year free cash flow picture, cash taxes rising overtime, basis actually narrowing because of an expectation not only just of MPV coming online, but also the forward curve basis improving as well. We have a modest amount of inflation built in there. We have maintenance capital, which declines over time based on our underlying decline rate, as well as having the lower gathering rates that we highlighted also is due to the gathering agreement that we saw with E-Train. So it tries to accomplish basically, we'll call it a static picture with improvement of declines in gathering rates, which offset with a little bit of inflation and rising cash taxes.
David Khani: Yes. So I think the way we approach it now, and really, it's, I'll call, it an evolution of what we've done before. We look at our balance sheet and our needs. And so we put in hedges with protection that give us the needs that we need to cover. What are those? One is we want to cover CapEx, we want to cover our dividend. We want to cover our debt retirement. We want to cover our stock buyback. But in the past, we would use swaps to do it now with the market we can use collar. And so by having a strong balance sheet, we don't need to go and hedge at a much higher percentage. So we can hedge, call it, a regional percentage to give us that protection. The risk of going too far out into the future is that volatility, and we can see how that volatility caught us in 2021. And so I think for us, we're going to go out and we're going to add hedges methodically, and we're not going to go out beyond, call it, two years because we think that volatility will create opportunities for us in the future to be able to walk it in when we want to lock it in and not put us in a position where we feel like we hedge too early and too much.
David Khani: Yes. So it's actually a very interesting question you asked because obviously, people are looking at inflation, and everybody is very aware of the accelerated inflation. So on one hand, you think about it, commodities are the natural net beneficiary of rising inflationary environment. And the underinvestment across all commodities is driving some of that. And so that means as demand continues to grow, supply is not keeping up. And so we're going to get the net beneficiary of rising natural gas prices and it's also exacerbated this inflation by the rise in the cost of carbon and the impacts it has on coal and more, we'll call it polluting fuels from a carbon basis. So we'll – gas will be net beneficiary. On the flip side, we're generally rising free cash flow, and we're going to retire our debt. And so when you have a rising interest rate environment, that will cost -- that will drive our yields a little bit higher, our principal payments down a little bit as well. And so we'll be able to retire our debt a little bit cheaper as well. And then the way we effectuate our cost of capital is by buying back our stock, we can meaningfully close the gap on what our equity cost of capital is and we can actually lower our cost of debt by retiring our debt. So our capital allocation program is absolutely helping us drive our weighted average cost of capital down over time. So it's a really good question. It's really good theoretical question that we're trying to make sure that we catalyze it into real value.
David Khani: Yes. So when we get upgraded by investment grade, we'll call it materially, if not all, of our letters of credit, the $400 million will go away. And so that means our liquidity will pop by another, we'll call it, $400 million. We have some -- I'll call some other things that will happen. For each upgrade, we get 25 basis improvements on our 2025 and 2030 debt. So our interest expense will come down. I think we have another 50 or 75 basis point improvement there. So our interest expense will improve. And at some point, we're going to redo our revolver and that – obviously, that will be a net beneficiary for extending out our revolver or call it, 4, 5 years. So that's called the capital part of it. We're having lots of conversations right now with LNG players across the whole chain. And so our goal would be to have something locked up for 2022. And obviously, our goal would not be to sign something up for covid with the Henry Hub price, it would be to tie it to international prices. And so that would be something that help us drive our realizations up pretty meaningful when we do it.
