Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Phil. Today, I'll provide you an update on our deep Utica well program. As discussed on the last call, we completed our first deep Utica well in July, the Scotts Run 591340. To remind you, the well's initial 24-hour flow was 72.9 million cubic feet with an average flowing casing pressure of 8,641 psi. We've been flowing this well directly into the sales pipeline at a choke-restricted rate of about 30 million cubic feet per day. Except for the seven days required to install the wellhead equipment, daily sales have been steady at this rate. Casing pressure has been declining at an average of 40 psi per day. As of yesterday, sales volumes were 30.4 million cubic feet per day, and the casing pressure was 6,320 psi. Cumulative production from this well has totaled 2.6 Bcf in the first 86 days of production. Our expectation is that the daily production rate will not decline until the well pressure declines to the pipeline pressure, which is 500 psi. Based on an extrapolation of the current pressure decline rate, we estimate that we'll reach line pressure after approximately eight months of production, which will be at late March 2016. The cumulative production at that time would be approximately 7.4 Bcf. At that point, we have a wide range of possible decline curves as we do not have any analogous decline data to rely on. Our current reservoir modeling suggests an ultimate expected recovery for this well in a range between 13.9 Bcf and 18.8 Bcf or a range of 4.3 Bcf to 5.9 Bcf per thousand foot of lateral. Using the lowest EUR of our range and assuming the high end of our cost per well target of between $12.5 million and $14 million per well we estimate returns at a $2 wellhead gas price to be north of 20% for a 5,400 foot lateral well. Since the last call, we have exploit two additional Utica wells. In August, we exploit the second Greene County well, the Pettit #593066 which is located approximately five miles northeast of the Scotts Run well. They're currently at a depth of 12,200 feet, and we installed the intermediate casing. We're just beginning to drill a curve on this well and expect this well to be in line before the end of the mid-year. The third well was spud in September in Wetzel County, West Virginia, the Big 190 well, and is located approximately 30 miles southwest of the Scotts Run well. We reached TD of the deep intermediate hole. The top hole rig has been moved off the well and the well is secured awaiting the Big rig to run the intermediate casing. The rest of the drilling will be completed when the Greene County rig is finished with the Pettit well, and that rig is moved to West Virginia later this year. We're making good progress on cost reductions for these wells. Specifically at the current depth of the Pettit well, we spend approximately 22% less than we did on the Scotts Run well at the same point. As I previously noted, we expected to take several wells for us to achieve our cost target for these wells of between $12.5 million and $14 million. We are pleased with our progress so far and remain confident that we will achieve our targeted cost. We will continue to post well data from the Scotts Run well on our analyst presentation periodically, and we'll update you on the progress of the latest two wells as warranted. I will now turn the call over to Dave Porges for his initial thoughts for next year's capital budget.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Sure. Neal, we're – our primary focus in terms of looking at acquisitions is really focused on a pretty narrow core area. And we'll be updating our Investor Presentation later today, and you'll see a map that shows kind of the area most of interest to us where we'll be focusing our development program as well as any M&A activity that we'd be interested in. So, right now, it seems like there's – people are interested in selling assets. So far, the prices have still been a bit high. But as Dave said, we plan on being patient waiting for what we would consider fair prices before we transact.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, we haven't spotted all of those 10 wells to 15 wells. So, it will depend on the results we see. But I would say, certainly into Southern Allegheny County where we have a pretty significant position and high expectations for the Utica, maybe up into the Northern Allegheny but more likely, it would be for us Southwestern Armstrong where we have an acreage position. I think our view would probably be we'll let others define that area. Part of the reason would be more limited takeaway capacity up there, so probably not going to be in a big hurry to drill some of these monster wells up there, probably more focused from Southern Allegheny down into Southern Wetzel and maybe a bit over into far western Marion County.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Phil, this is Steve. I think – I guess regarding the AFEs, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but they're in the low-$17 millions per well. That cost will be dependent on the ultimate lateral length, so we have some flexibility about how long we end up drilling these. So, I wouldn't put a whole lot of weight on those numbers. But a significant decrease from the actual costs from our first well, which was around $30 million. And the second part of your question, remind me again. Oh, the cost per foot? I think our view is that when we sit down and do a bottoms-up analysis of what we think it should cost to drill these wells once you work through all of the problems and get the non-productive time down to a minimum that that's where we come up with that $12.5 million. So, I think at current service costs, never say never but we don't see a path to being significantly less than that for these wells. And I think the $14 million gives us some room to have a few unexpected problems that maybe we wouldn't normally have on Marcellus wells, which is why we're quoting a range right now. But our hope is to get it at the bottom end of that range but very confident we'll get within the top end.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, we're still working through what we want to do with future drops. But the comment about what's most economic for EQM is kind of independent of that. EQM is not well, as you know, into the high splits. And it's just more economical for an MLP to organically develop projects than to have to pay up as long as it can afford it as long as it's got the coverage that allows it to wear that period of time when that got assets tied up in projects that aren't generating cash flow. So, we'll have to work through what happens with the remaining projects, et cetera, as we go through 2016. But my comments in the past about organic growth being the preference is just because of the way it works when you've got all of that incremental cash flow going to the GP.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, Michael. This is Steve. Yeah. The backlog in terms of frac stages complete but not online grew a bit this quarter, as you saw. Our expectation is that the fourth quarter will be a pretty big quarter for new TILs. Most of those will be in the back half of the quarter, so it won't affect volumes in the quarter very much but should be coming on late. So, I think you will see a fairly significant drop back to more historic levels when we – on the next call when we're talking about Q4.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think that will be more the typical run rate. If you look back over our history, you go back two, three years or so, I think we've been giving these numbers you'll see it's always very lumpy. The biggest driver behind that backlog is just the timing of the rigs and the number of wells and the number of fracs per well for every pad we are on. So, it tends to be very lumpy. Right now, we haven't been taking any heroic efforts to get wells online superfast. So, that maybe drives the backlog a little bit this quarter. But again, you'll see by next quarter, we'll be back in the more of closer to the mean over the past few years.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. And, look, to your point, probably we weren't as well positioned as you move a little bit outside of the core Marcellus from a midstream perspective. So, this emergence of the Utica is from a competitive and a comparative perspective a positive for EQM.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Actually, in the short-term, Drew, we can put it into the Marcellus system. It's not the most optimum situation long term for the Utica because the gathering – the unit gathering cost for the Utica in a dedicated system will be significantly lower than the cost of moving through a Marcellus system. But for the next couple of years until we figure out exactly what the optimum systems are and get them built, we can, and the likely impact, if we were doing that because the Utica was looking so good would probably be a shift from Marcellus investments to Utica which is how – which is where the capacity in those systems would effectively come from. We've replaced Marcellus gas with Utica. And as we build Utica systems, at that point, we would start to get the benefits of the lower unit cost.
David L. Porges: Now, we do think incidentally that the cost per unit is going to be considerably less than it is for the Marcellus because of the higher volumes, and frankly, the more concentrated nature of it. I mean, it's not just higher volumes. It's that you can get it from a tighter area. That's a much better answer from the perspective of unit gathering and compression costs. Actually, the compression cost, early on, is going to probably be a round number. Zero.
David L. Porges: Geez, only that it would be less than 2015. I mean, that's – but it's a fallout of this narrowing focus.
David L. Porges: But I feel uncomfortable putting numbers out there when we're still what six weeks away from putting numbers in front of our own board. But if you're looking for directional, it would be – clearly we're heading less than 2015.
David L. Porges: I think we just stick with what Steve said which is, we're kind of aiming towards a lot of those pads getting tilled really at the end of the quarter and therefore having very little impact on the fourth quarter volumes. And so that results in the guidance being what it is. But we get asked a lot about our response to current prices at any one point in time. And as Steve was alluding to, in this price environment, it doesn't seem like the right time to be going through any type of heroic efforts to get things turned online any more quick.
David L. Porges: Right. So the notion that we've reflected in the guidance that those TILs are going to drift backwards is just not troublesome.
David L. Porges: It's just the question is whether it affects December volumes or January volumes is really the issue.
David L. Porges: We'll look at that as 2016 plays out. Obviously, part of the consideration, as you mentioned, is what the prices are. But really, the midstream is a big part of the consideration too. If you have some midstream flexibility, you can slowdown and kind of make it up later if you want to. And when the midstream is more full then you have to decide, you either want it or you don't. You want the volumes or you don't want the volumes because you can't really make it up on the back end, right? It's quite a ways down the road before you can make up those volumes. But we certainly take prices into account while making our decisions about capital expenditures and what type of efforts to go through to try to accelerate or otherwise turning lines for wells.
David L. Porges: Well, first of all, just kind of to reiterate, my belief is, the further out in the future you look, the clear – and you mentioned beyond 2017 the clearer it is in my mind that capital expenditures for midstream should be at the EQM level. We want to protect that IDR and the way to do that is to have the most attractive midstream projects possible so that they can afford to pay the incremental cash flow to the GP, which is kind of the core value of that IDR where we stand now. So, that's going to be the mindset. Strategically it's going to be midstream expenditures should occur at EQM. Now, if you're trying to get at what's more valuable, generally, midstream or upstream, I guess, that's a bigger picture question than just one company and we'll see. We're trying to position ourselves so that we can be agnostic so that we can take advantage of wherever the value is in the value chain. I agree that with the prospects of the Utica and issues like that it's not clear what the value chain will look like several years down the road but we think that the reason EQT is such an attractive investment is because EQT will participate no matter where the most value shows up in that value chain.
David L. Porges: Yeah, we look at all-in return. All-in after-tax returns is the way we tend to look at things. But that overlay that I mentioned in my prepared remarks was we just think we need to bear in mind what if the deep Utica works and what does that mean for clearing prices, et cetera, and therefore we should be particularly cautious about investing in anything but the core Marcellus which does stand up still in those environments and in the core Utica. So, it's more of that. There's always uncertainty about what prices are going to be. But whenever you have a new low-cost supply source in any commodity business, you've got to start being wearier of where one wants to invest one's money. So, I think there's a certain amount of caution that we're taking that we're talking about because of that unknown because of not knowing yet the extent to which the deep Utica will work. But our feeling that if it works the way it's looking like it might that the core areas for Marcellus and Utica are simply going to be narrower. I mean, we're going to be able to supply a big portion of North America's natural gas needs from a relatively small geography.
David L. Porges: At that point though you are just talking about what 2016 prices would be? I mean, the norm in commodities, and I understand there does tend to be in the investor community short-term focus. I recognize that people need to make money each quarter. But actually, lower prices near term tend to lead to more robust recoveries later. So, our view is much more the low-cost opportunities are going to be the ones that went out and you want to make sure that you're – especially if you think prices are going to be stressed at all that you're focusing on only going after the lowest cost opportunities and not letting yourself kind of get drawn into investing in opportunities that are other than that. So, I'd say that's our focus anyway. And, look, in a lower price environment because we're talking about the deep Utica perhaps helping to create that obviously becomes even more important.
David L. Porges: Well, change -yeah, but the thing is we're not telling you what our 2016 plan is yet because we haven't gotten it approved from our board.
David L. Porges: So, it's – I'm not even sure how I go about telling you what the change would be versus the plan that we can't even discuss with you.
David L. Porges: But yeah, well if prices are lower then we'd probably over time will spend less money and if they're higher we'll probably spend more money over time. But we're already talking about 2016 being below – fair a bit below 2015 as it is.
David L. Porges: Yeah, that'll be governed by how attractive it looks because those will still be more economical wells than anything else get probably that could get drilled anywhere in the country. So...
David L. Porges: Yeah. Well, no, it's not too early to think about it but we haven't actually settled on what that approach will be. Our bias is that a fair bid of the gathering for Utica is probably going to be separate because of the pressures involved.
David L. Porges: But as far as the specifics and exactly where it is and exactly how much money gets spent that we haven't. We're not ready to disclose that stuff. We're only just in the midst of even discussing that internally with our own board.
