Kyle Derham: Good morning and thank you for joining today's conference call. With me today are John McCartney, Chairman of EQT; Toby Rice, President and Chief Executive Officer; Derek Rice, member of our Evolution Committee; Jimmi Sue Smith, Chief Financial Officer; Blue Jenkins, Executive Vice President, Commercial, Business Development and Safety; and Gary Gould, Chief Operating Officer. The replay for today's call will be available for a 7-day period beginning this evening. The telephone number for the replay is 201-612-7415, with a confirmation code of 13685070. The replay will be available for seven days on our website. In a moment, John, Toby, Jimmi Sue and I will present our prepared remarks. Following these remarks, we will take your questions. EQT published a new investor presentation this morning, and we will refer to certain slides during our prepared remarks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements. Actual result and future events may differ possibly materially from those forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's press release and under Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as updated by our subsequent Form 10-Qs, which will also be on file with the SEC and available on our website. Today's call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to this morning's press release for important disclosures regarding such measures, including, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Kyle Derham: Yes. No. We're really focused on the business for now. I think, clearly, that's a divestiture candidate for us over the longer term, but it's not part of the immediate plan. We're not going to guide to any timing expectations around when that might happen.
Kyle Derham: Sure. Yes. This is Kyle. I'll take that one. Yes. The leverage targets, again, going to be below 2x. And when we say that, we include our gas price assumption for that which to us is the lower of strip in $2.50, and I think that positions us very well from an investment-grade rating metrics perspective. In terms of the maturities, certainly, they're on our radar. It's not something we're ignoring right now, but want to sort of improve the cost structure of the business before assessing that, but it's certainly on our radar.
Kyle Derham: Yes. And just to jump in, Brian. I think, with respect to timing, the biggest impediment to setting up combo development right is on the land and permitting side, and so that's where we'll be focusing our resources. And those realistically take about 12 months to set up, and so that's why you see that step change in well cost on that graphic on Slide 10. And so once those are set up and they start hitting the schedule, you'll really see the benefits and start to see $735 a foot.
Kyle Derham: Yes. We think we're going to be operating at a level of activity that allows us to achieve economies of scale necessary to reach the $735 a foot.
Kyle Derham: Yes. Sure. This is Kyle. I don't want to give any specific guidance with respect to rate reductions or anything like that. But the new business for Equitrans that could be is expanding the utilization of the freshwater systems. They're actually largely built by Rice Midstream Partners a few years ago. And then, obviously, the water disposal options, getting trucks off the road, allowing Equitrans to build a system to move water, those are the incremental revenue sources that we think would offset any potential rate reduction on the midstream gathering side.
Kyle Derham: Yes. This is Kyle. I think it will be similar for the rest of the year, as we've outlined. I think it's possible as we get through this review that we have a little more activity focused in Washington and Greene County in Pennsylvania and a little less in West Virginia as we're putting that land position together to set it up for combo development. So it's possible, in 2020 and maybe 2021, you'll see a little more in Pennsylvania than West Virginia than in 2019.
Donald Jenkins: Holly, this is Blue. I'll take that one. So a couple of things on MVP. One, we're confident that it will get built and we are utilizing the most recent -- most likely scenario used by E-Train, which is mid-2020. In terms of the conversation of can we walk away, would we get out, there isn't a reasonable scenario in which we would walk away from that project without a massive [indiscernible] and so that's just not how we look at it. That's just not a reasonable outcome.
Donald Jenkins: Yes. So this is Blue, Arun. So the short answer is, no. What we have is a contract that caps our rate based on time and based on cost, and that's where we sit. So if it happens to slide, let's say, it's Q4 instead of Q2, so it wouldn't change anything. We have plans in place to manage if that should be the case and are prepared for that. But know that the contract is fairly set at this point and we still expect, as I mentioned, that it will be completed and we don't have any financial incentive to walk away from that.
Donald Jenkins: Yes. This is Blue. The short answer is we're not going to walk on the project. I think that's probably the short answer.
Toby Rice: So Brian, this is Toby. To -- when looking at our $735 per foot cost target, I think it's important to understand there's really 4 main drivers behind us achieving that level. The first being operational efficiency that we're able to achieve in the field, how fast can we drill, how many stages per day can we complete. I feel very confident after looking at the teams that we're going be able to achieve the operational efficiencies needed to hit that $735 a foot. The second thing we look at is the procurement and the oilfield. So we have flexibility with our oilfield service contracts in place right now. So we have -- we feel pretty good about our ability to acquire the right services at the right costs to achieve our cost targets. The third is -- comes to well design, and we are deploying our proven well design. We feel really confident in the cost to execute and the type curve that we will receive. And then the fourth thing we look at is our schedule. And this is really where we're going to be doing a lot of the heavy lifting and is to get a schedule that allows for combo development, starting with multiple wells per pad, meeting a minimum horizontal well length. And that's really where the focus is going to be. I'd say the benefits that you're going to get when you get the combo development are going to be largely driven on the logistics front and also on bulk materials procurement.
Toby Rice: Yes. Sure. So the $500 million we talked about in the campaign was a couple of things that were driving us getting to $500 million. First, being assumed activity level, and that activity level would assume that we were growing at 5%. And the second being the cost difference between executing well costs at $1,100 a foot or compared to a $735 per foot target. So some things have changed, obviously. We are setting expectations and coming up with an amount of activity that is based on economic projects to develop. So what we're really focused on and want to be comparing ourselves against going forward in the future is going to be how close we are to our $735 per foot cost target because that's irrespective of activity levels.
Toby Rice: Yes. And I would just make one point. I mean we've identified these projects and these are projects that can be improved and our job is to align the workforce, focus our resources to make these projects more economic, lengthen laterals, add wells per pad, see if we can make -- turn them into combos. So we're not just taking stuff off the schedule. We are focusing resources to make them end state-like.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think we're going to have a better understanding on timing if we get a little bit more time here. I mean it's been 10 days. I think we've done a good job in identifying some of the issues, and now it's -- what's our confidence in being able to align the schedule to meet our minimum development criteria, and that's something we'll report back to you guys when we have better clarity on that in the future.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. There's a couple of things outside of land and permitting, yes, the long lead time items, as you identified, is gather and take away and having access to freshwater and have that be piped to locations. So I mean we're going through an analysis right now understanding the gathering systems and the capacity forecasts, combined with our schedule to make sure that everything is synced up so we don't have -- we can minimize any curtailment issues. And the same thing, with a good schedule, we understand when we're going to be fracking. We could pair that up with water needs and make sure that the midstream team can service our water needs when we need to complete. So this is the type of work. In addition to this, there's another 40 constraints that we are maneuvering into optimum schedule. And this is the work that we're doing and where we'll be looking forward to updating people when we have a more complete picture of what the development schedule will look like in the future.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. Yes, so we are working to develop West Virginia and make that drill-ready. And we have the resources, so we're prepared -- we're going to start preparing that right now. The gameplan is we've got a couple of years while we're focusing our development in Greene and Washington counties to get West Virginia ready. Obviously, it's a little bit more challenging in West Virginia just because terrain is a little bit more difficult, makes site selection a little bit harder and putting together a continuously sole position is something that's important and with the fracture lease position in West Virginia makes it a little bit more challenging. But I will say that the EQT team does have some trades currently going on, so we are focused on building contiguously sole position that will support combo development.
Toby Rice: Yes. No. Let us get back to you and fix you in 90 days. And we'll be able to better run some sensitivity so you can kind of see free cash flow at different price stacks.
Toby Rice: Yes, Josh. This is Toby. I mean I would say that the driver of activity levels is going to be the setup on economic projects that we have to develop. So I mean that's really where it all starts when you think about, I mean, just bringing this business back to fundamentals and making investments in good projects. And the production growth targets or the production targets that we set are going to be the outcome of fundamentally sound investment decisions on the drill bit.
Toby Rice: At 2.50? Yes, I mean, Josh, I think it's realistic. But again, at 2.50 , it's not really where we're going to be growing production volumes into that type of environment, so that's not really the scenario we're talking about. But we'll get back to you after we spent some time with the development schedule to really forecast this out and give you the granularity you need.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean the development is not set up for economic development today. But I mean gas prices change, that's where that stuff can make economic sense. But we're going to be disciplined to develop that when it does make sense.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think we think about a digital transformation is sort of what we're going through. I mean it's not just bringing technology to an organization. It's bringing a cultural change as well. You think about what we're going to be doing here with technology, it's going to bring massive transparency to the business. People need to be comfortable with that type of transparency. And what's exciting about that is once we have that transparency, then we're going to start having the opportunity to start collaborating more. And when people start collaborating, then we're going to start having some more ideas and innovation is going to start bubbling up. And if we can focus that innovation on the things that matter, the bottlenecks and the opportunities within our business, then we can start generating value for shareholders, and that's evolution. And so it all starts with technology, but it's really going to change the culture here at EQT and we're excited about that opportunity going forward.
Toby Rice: Sure. So it's a transparent plan that we're executing. Part of our -- when we talked about transforming EQT into a modern company, what modern means to us is coming up with a good strategy and leveraging technology to execute. So the strategy in this case is our 100-Day Plan. And the technology that we're implementing is in our digital work environment, and that will be available for all the employees to see the tasks that we're doing to take us one step, to take us closer to an evolved state. We have -- the EQT executives are on this Evolution Committee. We have a feedback channel set up for employees to speak up and tell us what do they want to change, what do they want to keep the same. And these employees are speaking up, we've got over 400 responses to this survey. So we are currently assessing the feedback and implementing that into our task list that we're doing. So it's -- everybody here is going to be engaged.
Toby Rice: Jane, this is Toby. So I say -- I think the way that we wrote that is just the way that we've categorized the 209 is wells that have been drilled in some form or fashion. I think 92 of those are actually drilled to total depth, so that was -- would be what we would call a true DUC.
Toby Rice: No. It wouldn't say that we would change the production that we said we're going to receive from these wells. We've reaffirmed our production guidance for this year.
Toby Rice: Yes. So I mean I think the way we look at land, we've got a large asset base, and one of the things that we're going to bring to this organization is focus. And that operation schedule that we put out is going to allow our land teams to focus their resources on preparing for that operation schedule. So this is part of the -- understanding what our -- the land spend that we need is going to be something that we're focusing our assessment on right now and have better color for you in the future when we get through that assessment.
Toby Rice: Yes. No. We're just continuing the discussions that had started earlier this year. And so, yes, we're excited about working with them and excited about handing them a fully baked development schedule to make their lives easier. So we'll keep the group updated on how things go.
Toby Rice: Yes. The whole point here is we're -- we want to do two things. We want to create great results for shareholders and we want to create a great working environment for our employees, and I believe that those two things go together. And part of us being -- creating a great work environment for our employees is having a happy workforce. And we believe the keys behind driving happy employees is creating employees that are increasing their -- that are productive, employees that are challenged, recognized and have fun at work. Fortunately, our plan, everything that we talked about, focusing and aligning our employees on the things that matter, that fits largely into making our employees more productive. Challenging, I think we're asking employees to hit some goals that I think would be optimistic from where they're at today. But as we've shown, they have the capability of doing it, so we're going to be challenging the employees. And then the digital work environment, the transparency that's going to bring is also going to bring -- allow us as leaders and managers of this business to recognize the performance of the employees. And then the last part, having fun at work, really what we're going to be focusing on there in winning, and winning is setting goals and hitting goals and that's going to be the fun that we have is by doing those things. So that's that in a nutshell.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. So the drilling contracts, the horizontal rigs are rolling off by the end of this year. The frackers we have are currently rolling month-to-month with our frac suppliers. So we're looking to continue relationships we have and also making sure that we're acquiring services at the cost that we need to hit our targets. We are -- after seeing that, we're -- one of the things I was pleased to see is that we have the flexibility and don't see procurement as an impediment to us reaching our $735 cost per foot goal.
Toby Rice: Yes. We are continuing to go through our assessments of the departments right now, but we know what we're looking for and we would expect that to be through that through '19, for sure.
Toby Rice: Yes. No. Sorry to punt, but we're going have to get back to you on that after we go through our assessment.
Toby Rice: Yes. No, I mean like we said, everything is sort of on the table. Obviously, it's selling for just PDP PV-10 is a top way to delever. And there are a ton of buyers who want to buy non-core assets for more than that. So asset sales are difficult way to delever. I think what we're looking at is delevering organically, and we'd do that by lowering well costs and rationalizing the development plan, so that's kind of our path forward to 2x or less.
Toby Rice: Yes. That could be a result, right? We know the prior team characterized about 10% of production base as curtailed. After assessing that, that's not really the way we're going to talk about it going forward. But, yes, any potential curtailments would be alleviated by a reduced capital spend and less production volumes.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate your support in this campaign. And we are looking forward to continuing the work we've laid out and excited about sharing our progress with you in the future. Thank you.
Derek Rice: Yes. David, this is Derek. So we're currently going through the schedule and assessing good projects versus bad projects. And obviously, the bad projects we would like to pull those from the schedule. I don't think it makes sense drilling $1,100 per foot type well at this gas price environment. So before pulling those off of the schedule, we're running those through the traps. Whenever you make any change to the schedule, there is a ripple effect, where do you send that rig if it's not going to the proposed site. And so I think, over the next, call it, 30 to 60 days, we'll have a better assessment of what exactly we can pull off the schedule. An ideal situation, we pull those poor development projects off the schedule, replace them with correct projects that are planned appropriately, whether or not we can do that again, that's just going to be part of the assessment. So from within the first few weeks, we've identified some inefficiencies in the program, and now we're just going to evaluate whether or not we can pull those through.
Derek Rice: Yes. I mean just one thing. I mean just look at the asset base and this is what gets us comfortable saying we're going to get there is because the issues that we're seeing with EQT today, to be frank, this is what we dealt with at Rice Energy in 2014 and 2015 when we had the same vision. It's -- we know what end state we like to get to, what are the steps needed to get there. It's essentially the same asset base, primarily in Greene County and Washington County. A lot of the sites that we plan to develop going forward are Rice Energy sites, so we have a clear picture of what we need to do to get there and I think we've done it before and we think we can get there again.
Derek Rice: Yes. This is Derek. So the majority of that sort of poorly planned development that remains, it's largely within EQT's producing well footprint, so very similar to what you're seeing on the left there. Not exactly something that anybody wants to buy. The way that we look at it is that's stuff that we'd like to develop in the year 2030-plus. So as much as we can push that back, the better.
Derek Rice: Yes. So this is Derek. So I mean, I'll be honest. In the first 2 weeks, our primary focus has been to stabilize the business. We've largely been in listen-only mode. I will say there have been a couple things we've come across that we felt as though we need to change in the near term. One thing on the completion design front, when we walked in the door, there were 30 different completion designs. We looked at all the data with the teams and we came to a conclusion that reducing that to one design, one proven design, was efficient. What that allows us to do is not only predict the performance of our wells going forward, but it also gives our completions team the ability to procure the appropriate amount of materials on a go-forward basis. On the drilling front, we briefly looked at their drilling parameters. We noticed there were some self-imposed limitations, a little bit technical, I won't go into it. We lifted those limitations and saw immediate gains in drilling performance. To put some color on that, the previous single-day 24-hour rate in the second quarter was 6,600 feet in a 24-hour period. And just last week, this drilling team surpassed 7,800 feet in a 24-hour period. So again, largely in listen-only mode the first 2 weeks, but we think that as we get more hands-on going forward, we will start seeing more efficiency gains and continued operational improvement.
