David L. Porges: Well, eventually, we'll look at any area that has the potential for economic resources. I'll let Steve give a more specific response, but I would say, it's not top of our list right now. We've got plenty of things on -- at that top of the list, and that's not really one of them.
David L. Porges: We've looked at it a little bit, but we actually rely on bankers, probably including colleagues of yours on the other side of the Chinese wall. They give us better feels for what those transactions entail. Because basically, we're open to anything that's going to help create shareholder value.
David L. Porges: We're monitoring all of that. We've got a notion of what our inventory, as it were, is for droppable assets. And I think, as we probably mentioned in the past, maybe not in these broad calls, but there's often a number of contracts that have to be put into place. And that we keep working on those, the ones that are at the top of the list is being the first ones to get dropped, and doing other things that are necessary to make some of the assets droppable as it were. As far as the GP, yes, eventually we're going to have to do something with that. But right now, our attitude is let's get the drops going or keep them going at a good pace. And that's what we commented on, exceeding the level that we have talked about initially of what midstream investments EQT makes. And that will be a nice problem to have, when we've created enough value there that we need to figure out ways to monetize. And we fully expect that, that is going to be a fork in the road that we reach.
David L. Porges: The issue in the quarter was there was a MarkWest facility that ran into some operational issues. I don't know if Randy wants to provide some timing updates on that. But that would have -- if you're wondering why it was not as high as you would have thought, it was due to that type of a short -- kind of a short-term issue.
David L. Porges: It's a good benchmark to be using when we're comparing it to other investment opportunities. And let's face it, the realistic other investment opportunities for us, as I mentioned, when I talk about strategy, are increased development in our core areas, the possibility of those tack-on acreage acquisitions and on the midstream side, those would typically be at the EQM level, projects that would -- that we tend to serve other producers. The kind of projects that are attractive with EQM's cost of capital but that EQT was never particularly interested in pursuing. So those are the things that you look at, and we just think it's a discipline, you should always be comparing those to share repurchases. We're -- and our main point was we're not afraid of what happens if we wind up with a lot of cash because we have dropped quicker than we need money or sold non-core assets before we need cash. If the right thing to do is to drop the assets at a quicker pace into EQM or the right thing to do is to sell some other non-core or less core assets, then that's what we're going to do. And we'll figure out what to do with the cash that results.
David L. Porges: I don't know if I want to say that we're limited in our ability to accelerate, but we do as -- this is kind of the norm in this area, we do run into judgment calls on whether you develop now, let's say, a pad that has fewer wells, shorter laterals or whether you give it a little bit more time to try to get the acreage or the permits to be able to have more wells on a pad longer laterals, et cetera. So you do run into those kinds of timing issues. And we also don't like to be -- have artificial milestones that would inhibit us from making the right economic decision there. But more broadly, we're probably best off letting our whole capital budget process play out with our board before we get into other topics. Obviously, the preference, of course, is if we have attractive investments in our core that can create the value that we've been creating, we certainly recognize that, that is the preferred route to go. We just don't want to force it and get to the point where we're making investments that don't stack up versus share repurchases.
David L. Porges: Yes, that is -- that was the point I was trying to make is that you should expect to see more of that spending at the EQM level, and we do recognize that, that means when we start more providing CapEx guidance, we're going to have to be careful to provide guidance on what spending is occurring at the EQT level versus at the EQM level because EQT's consolidated reports will include all of the EQM spending and that gets -- we recognize that could kind of get tough to sort out because the cash flow isn't really coming into or going out of EQT Corp., it's going through EQM.
David L. Porges: No, it's just whatever is economical. The only thing we're influenced by though really is that sometimes, some things more economical can alter the existing development plans. And that -- a lot of times, that depends on what opportunities are available. That certainly happened with the Chesapeake acquisition earlier this year, and that's -- those are obviously the ideal situation. But no, we have not had a target. We've tried to stay away from that because, again, our fear is that if we have targets on things like that, we'll wind up doing things that are not economical.
David L. Porges: It -- well, first of all, I don't think -- I don't know that we ever guided to the number of drops per year, but the dollar amount numbers that you are quoting, that's correct, is that we were, at the time of the IPO, probably linking it to midstream CapEx at the EQT level. I guess you'd say upon further review, that is -- EQM is the better place to own some of those assets. So the timing on the drops is really set more by when an asset at the EQT level is in the position, both legally and operationally. A lot of times, it might mean you filled a lot of it up contractually as well so that we can drop it, and the capital market's access at the EQM level. But that's really what's setting it. And therefore, I don't really want to give a number on how -- or what the dollar amount would be, but you should expect that until we start running low, that we're going to be averaging well above that level of the EQT Midstream CapEx. And of course, the other moving piece is as EQM continues to grow, it's a little easier for EQM to wear projects at the EQM level, right? I mean, the main reason we haven't been doing very much investment at the EQM level is because that vehicle is very difficult to have a lot of cash in -- or a lot of investments in noncash generating projects. So that wait period from when you start putting the cash in to when you get the cash flow out from fees, that's tough. It's tough to have too much of that. But as EQM grows, it's easier to have more of that and to be able to wear more projects at that level. So that's the other thing that you should be seeing, which we probably didn't -- we talked about the possibility of that happening at the time of the IPO, but we weren't really anticipating any specific projects. And now, we're tending to look more at projects that would be at the EQM level.
David L. Porges: No. We tend to have more of the -- don't mind [ph], would be too much of a purist, but money is fungible, and you make the right investment decisions based on what you think creates the most value and you don't necessarily say money from this area goes into that area. It's much more of what do we think will create the most value. Practically speaking, we are focusing the EQM investments on projects that tend to support other producers a little bit more. And the EQT Midstream projects are a little bit more the ones that support EQT. But I think at this point, that's just kind of happenstance, it's not necessarily that there's some philosophy. The philosophy is just keep assessing how can we create more shareholder value.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, I really don't have much to add. I agree. It's on our radar, but not at the top of our list. I think it's deeper. It's more expensive. It's dry gas. We're going to be focused on the more profitable Marcellus opportunity in that area for now. And we'll see what develops with the dry gas Utica, certainly there's some potential there, but not a high priority right now for us.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: We really haven't picked up anything of any significant size. We're always continually picking up pieces to fill in drilling units and prices fluctuate, but they're more -- the small pieces we're picking up are more location-specific. So I don't know that we have much of a read on any major changes in acreage pricing in that area.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think, obviously, it's pretty early. Those 3 wells are fairly new. I think the IPs were about where we expected given that it's our first venture into the play. I'll say they're performing much better than our first wells in the Marcellus did from a relative standpoint. And we are sure hopeful that will be able to improve our drilling completion practices, lower cost, increase productivity. So I think we're fairly encouraged. The returns, even at what the first 3 wells are doing, are not bad. So I think we're encouraged, but I think acreage prices in the Utica have been pretty high. It's a pretty competitive area right now. And I think our view is we're going to be patient and only pay what price the resource warrants. And time will tell how much acreage we're able to gather.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, I think our pace is always lumpy. And if you look back over the previous several quarters, you'll see the number of stages we bring online any quarter. Just so far, this year, it's varied from, I think, a low of right around 300 stages to a high of 1,500 stages. That's heavily driven by the timing of our large multi-well, multi-frac, 30-foot cluster space wells. So it's going to continue to be lumpy. I think the fourth quarter, we plan to bring on more stages than we did in the third, but we'll be far from the number we did in the second. So it will be sort of a modest quarter in terms of TILs with -- I think our projection is first quarter will likely be probably above average, when we look at the likely timing of the frac jobs and the drilling rigs.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, Michael, we updated our curves earlier this year. And I think we tend to like to gather a lot of data before we update those. So no further update at this point other than to say we were pretty comfortable with the new curves when we put them in place and continue to be comfortable with those. So I think the wells are doing what we expected.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Ray, this is Steve. No further technical update on the Upper Devonian. But -- and I think we still are looking at what we think the best development scenario for that is, regarding number of wells on a pad and timing of Upper Devonian versus Marcellus. And we haven't really concluded that study yet, we're still gathering data. But I mean, my gut feel is it's likely going to conclude that for -- especially for the bigger pads, pads where we have the potential to drill a total of 20 wells, it's most likely to look like drilling a portion of the Marcellus and a portion of the Upper Devonian and then de-mobbing rig and coming back in a year or 2 and drilling the others. Generally, it will probably be all in one direction, and then the other half in the other direction at another time. But I think our thought is that from a completions standpoint, we're going to be better off frac-ing the Upper Devonian and the Marcellus, the stack side, at the same time, rather than doing all of the Marcellus and coming back and doing Upper Devonian later. And then when we look at the economics of doing, say, 20 wells from 1 pad and the infrastructure and facility investments that would be required to handle those peak rates, I think it's going to be economically more optimum to split it into 2 pieces. So that's where I think we're headed. But we're still studying it to find out for sure. I don't know if that answer helps you or not.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't -- we don't have enough new data to really draw any conclusions on that. So I would say no at this point.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: The average well cost for those first 3 wells, I believe, was around $8.5 million, but they included a significant amount of science, as we call it, so coring, specialty logging, some fairly long well lines to get to our gathering systems. So we don't think -- the well cost for the first 3 are not representative of what we expect. We expect well cost there to be in the $6.5 million per well range going forward. And the average lateral length, I'm sorry, they range from 4,500 to 6,800. I don't have the average in front of me. 5,800 feet, I think it is.
Randall L. Crawford: Yes, I mean -- Neal, this is Randy. Yes, absolutely. We're in strong shape. We have the Sunrise Pipeline that was completed last year that added incremental capacity in that area as well. And we continue to add additional infrastructure to keep ahead of the pace of Steve's team. So I think we're in solid position.
Randall L. Crawford: You're right, Michael. That NGL line that David referenced, the MarkWest takeaway out of the Mobley plant has been back in service and so that impact doesn't extend into the fourth quarter.
Randall L. Crawford: Sure. I mean, obviously, you saw what Phil reported today in terms of our basis, and I think he also pointed out that we had some forward sales that show up in the hedge line that contribute a positive $0.07. But overall, Ray, I mean, with respect to basis in M2, I mean, I think from a short-term perspective, short-term basis markets, I mean, they're really fundamentally driven. I think that TETCO and the M2 is a strong pipeline with access to good markets, but really any assumption for pricing for the winter, the next summer, is subject to a lot of inputs, as you know, the weather, supply disruptions of growth, really, the absolute NYMEX storage fills. But the impact of the infrastructure projects to transport the gas out that the M2 and TETCO are working on are more certain variables, and I think these projects are going to continue to help mitigate any supply and demand imbalances in the region.
Michael Hall: Okay, great. And then, I guess on the NGL guidance front, just a little curious on that. It's a little lighter than I had expected. Is there any continued impact from a midstream side on the NGLs in the outlook for the fourth quarter, or any sort of midstream things we're getting through or is that just...
Michael Hall: But that flowed into the fourth quarter then, I guess, that's what I was trying to get at. I thought that was more of a third quarter event than fourth.
Michael Hall: Okay. And then last one on my end, I guess, is we've talked about in the past, you got a lot of cash coming in. The recent -- some recent things in the market have suggested use of proceeds around share buybacks. What's your view on share buybacks in terms of using the cash that's coming in? Just curious on your thoughts there.
