David L. Porges: But yes, look, the issue we're probably going to have on Midstream with the Utica is going to be the same as others do, which is we're in a window where we've anticipated that there's going to be a -- there could be some wet gas. And, of course, it will be the processing that's the issue. So as far as the pipe, yes, I think we're fine on that for our plans. And then the issue is going to be when we decide that what we really need to do to extract the most economics is to strip the liquids.
David L. Porges: Well, the 50,000 acres, of course, was always just kind of a benchmark. What we really mean is something that is an economical size. So that's -- at this point, we're encouraged that there are some pieces out there that we can look at and we'll just have to see how that plays out. I actually don't know that I'd say that acreage is not available, I think that a lot of folks are sorting through their portfolios. I mean I understand that's a routine thing to happen. Maybe it's more normal that it's happening now after a lot of people compiled portfolios, and now they're sorting through, just as we are with our portfolio, of course. What fits, what doesn't fit. And not just from a perspective of what looks good from a reserve perspective, but what helps you put together a development plan of a reasonable scale. And I think that we're all kind of going through that process. So I'm not discouraged, actually, about there being no opportunities out there.
David L. Porges: Well we certainly have plans and line that are consistent with the production plans. But it is a rapid rate, there's no doubt about that. So that does require a fair amount of hustling to keep going and it's not -- we continue to be open to moving some of our volumes through other people's lines, just as we're -- we build our facilities to often times accommodate other producers. So I guess we have kept that in mind. Now we don't, of course, control our own processing, right? So that's one where we continue to work with folks who do that to make sure that, contractually, we're able to organize enough capacity. But the volumes are going up so quickly in this neck of the woods that I'd say we're always feeling as if we're running pretty fast. So I don't know that we'd ever want to feel that we're sanguine, I think we feel optimistic that we can get things done, but I -- we can't rest on our laurels because the lines are just jumping up so quickly.
David L. Porges: Well we don't really have a plan on an annual basis that goes out there. We have said that, over time -- let's say the floor is that we would like to be generating proceeds at the EQT level from drops that equals the amount of spending EQT has on the Midstream. But over time, of course, we will want to be dropping more into EQM than we are spending. So -- and the other thing that's taken into account when you're looking at the -- what I gather from the market's perspective was larger-than-expected drop, is a lot of these assets that we'll be dropping, when we do drop a specific project or asset, they're going to be lumpy. So some of them are going to be larger and some of them are going to be smaller. But we're -- you should not take the size of that drop to be an indication that somehow we've ramped up our decisions on spending at Midstream at EQT level. We're going to keep dropping as it looks economic to do so. And it's just that we've got this floor where, over time, we'd like to make sure we're dropping enough so that the proceeds are going to be paying for the Midstream expenditures.
David L. Porges: We are looking at it -- I don't want to be trite here, but we are looking at the same way we will always look at it. We think that -- we're not -- we don't believe our decisions are being, or should be, overly influenced by what the balance sheet says. Unless, of course, we just didn't have enough money to do some of the things that we wanted. But we should be investing in the projects that create value and foregoing the projects that don't. Being temporarily a little bit more liquid, we don't feel, creates any pressure or burning holes in our pockets, et cetera. So we do examine other ways to invest the money, such as share buybacks and dividends. But we view it the same way I'd say that we always do. We compare the investment opportunities and, yes, anybody who looks at our incentive comp plans knows that the way that this management gets paid is to have our share price perform over the course of time. So hopefully, we're aligned with the shareholders in that regard. We just want to create value. And I'd say from that perspective, it hasn't changed. When I became CEO, the strategy was we need to pick what we want to invest in and what we want to offload. And I'd just say that we're kind of in the midst of that process. So we'll continue also to look at monetizing things that whereby perhaps the value is greater in the hands of others.
David L. Porges: Actually, Phil probably has the answer to that. Or why answer the rest? [indiscernible] How much of the $32.5 million was extra LP units versus...
David L. Porges: Another way to look at that would be the 400,000 LP units at the market price at that time, and then the rest is the GP. So [indiscernible] LP, and the rest, GP. Go ahead.
David L. Porges: No, we haven't read -- of course, we introduced some guidance on that, but we're now getting to the point we're in the run-up to our annual capital budget and plan process, so we don't want to get out in front of our board as far as what kind of approvals we'll get for that. So at this point, this time of year typically, also, we'd just as soon stick with the guidance that we've put out there. And then, of course, we'll update that once we have a under-capital budget.
David L. Porges: I just -- in case our board members are listening, and I don't want to presume something that assumes that they'll provide approvals to stuff that we're proposing to them but haven't actually put in front of them, yes.
David L. Porges: Well the ONEOK announcement, itself, of course, doesn't really have much impact on us. We looked at the alternatives around LDC before we decided to sell, as opposed to doing some type of a spinoff and things like that. We looked at that. Well we're obviously interested to read more, as we are with any of our companies and any of our peer group, interested to read what they're up to and look at their rationale and see how it turns out for them. But the thought process we have on monetizing other assets as a best way to create shareholder value is really the same as it was. If we're not going to be able to -- or don't think it's economical for us to do the development, the optimal development of those assets, then we look at alternatives, whether it's selling to somebody else, as we've done a couple of times, or getting some other source of capital, as we have, of course, with the Midstream, with the MLP. So I don't think there's anything magic about year end for that. We're obviously not pressured from a liquidity perspective, that's in reasonable shape, I'd say. So we'll continue to work on that. I mean the -- so the urgency isn't raising capital, the urgency is doing the right thing to create value. And we continue to look at those alternatives. I mean, obviously, Nora and Huron are ones that we've talked about the possibility of having different approaches to that. With Midstream, I think the issue is going to be drops and I think a lot more of that is going to be driven by what's going in EQM than EQT, what the capacities are and things like that since, again, we do think that the best owner of a lot of those assets is probably EQM, as opposed to EQT. And then to help you figure out what we do with it, with the MLP, generally, and the GP, you're right, we started introducing the issue of how much value could be there and, frankly, we're going to be trying to being -- encouraging our shareholders to take a look at what that value is. And it's hard to tell whether there's going to be enough transparency there that things will be fine as we move through the splits or whether the right thing to do will be to do something else. The separate issue somebody else had raised about what do you do when you get into a high splits for the GP, that's a real issue for MLPs when they grow that fast. And separate from EQT corporate structure issues, when we get to that point, we will have to address that issue so that EQM is able to make acquisitions that are accretive for its unitholders.
David L. Porges: Can you help me a little bit with what you mean by self-sufficient? Because it's -- that's a market where there are -- unlike the C core [ph] market for oil and gas companies where issuing equity is not possible...
David L. Porges: I think it's -- the way I kind of think of it is just -- this is [ph] very rough -- and hopefully the team doesn't view this as some kind of a revelation, but it seems, just from observation, that spending roughly 10% of one's cash flow on organic investments is something that can be worn reasonably comfortably at an MLP. The issue is more that it's able to continue to grow its distributable cash flow per unit. And that's just hard to do when you have capital tied up in long-lead-time projects. So that's really the drive, right? If we spend a lot of money at EQM on multiyear projects, it would be tough for it to increase its distributable cash flow per unit. Now obviously, quick-turnaround projects, so de-bottlenecking and things like that, there's probably no grade limit on that. But as far as bigger projects, I think it's much more, can EQM continue to increase its distribution to per unit at comps? So let's say the comps and coverage rates, with money tied up in long lead time projects. Does that...
David L. Porges: I don't think that issue of EQM being able to make the investments directly as opposed to EQT necessarily get in the way of the structuring issues. Frankly, the same thing is true of the GP going to higher splits. I think those are separable issues.
David L. Porges: That's exactly correct. That's just the GP stake, given the assumptions that I had laid out. And honestly, it was really designed to try to give a sense of where the GP value could be heading for EQT.
David L. Porges: I -- there certainly will be a need for Midstream whenever Huron development recommences, no matter whose money it is. You could go a little ways with very little Midstream spend. And then we're going to have to get into -- they're going to have to be spending around it. So that -- and that -- but then the issue of -- depending on what kind of structure happens at the Huron is that EQT stuff that gets dropped into EQM that go into whatever vehicle it is, that -- at this point, that's probably, from our perspective, getting a little bit ahead of it. We have observed that most producers don't -- most don't really want the Midstream, but we have observed it.
David L. Porges: That's true. That is still true. We can probably go a year or 2 without much spend or a low level of growth. You could still get by with very little spend. And if there were a material ramp up, to use your word, Becca, then you'd have to get into spending more on the Midstream again. More material money on the Midstream.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Crude oil of course, to the extent we have that, if something is coming out, if it's liquid, it's surface pressures, then it's -- that's, of course, a different story, that's a little bit easier to deal with over time.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Phil, this is Steve. We used RCS on 1 of the 4 wells that we have production date on. So the results that we're quoting are 3/4 based on our 60-foot clusters and 1/4 based on the 30-foot cluster test. So -- and our expectation is, just like we're seeing in the Marcellus, I think we'll have to test this to find out, but I think we're -- we think it's likely that the Upper Devonian will benefit from 30-foot cluster spacing. So for the wells we're drilling this year, they'll be using the 30-foot clusters.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thanks, Dave. I don't have an answer either. I think we certainly feel like we have the capacity to expand our program. I can't give you specifics, but I will say the -- we don't really anticipate any issues on the service side. So access to rigs and frac crews and associated services, I think we don't view as really troublesome to expand that. I think the governor of our pace expansion will likely be on the land side, our ability to permit wells and put together drilling units that make sense and to drill multi-well pads. And that's a difficult thing to predict too far in the future, to get too far ahead of where we're at. But we're obviously very focused on that and doing our best to make sure we have the opportunity to expand. And I think, certainly, we can do more than we're currently doing.
Philip P. Conti: Yes. The units that we got back, in addition to the cash, were 480,000 limited partner units and then 268 GP units -- 268,000.
Philip P. Conti: Yes, and that's really just driven by the desire to maximize our rig efficiencies and drilling more Upper Devonian wells while the rigs are on certain locations. Given the results we've seen in the Upper Devonian, we think that's the prudent thing to do. So, yes, it's pretty equally spread around.
Philip P. Conti: I don't think we've provided IPs but, again, the average is about 1,200 or 1.2 bcf per 1,000 feet EURs. And for these wells, we actually have a fair amount of production history. So the oldest well has been producing for 3 years and another couple for 2 years and the fourth one for a year. So I think these are not as speculative as EURs as you might have imagined that they are in terms of how much data we had to look at. I'd also say that, again, since these wells were drilled 2, 3 years ago, our drilling completion techniques in the Marcellus have improved pretty dramatically over that time. We're certainly hopeful that we'll see that same kind of improvement in the wells we're drilling today in the Upper Devonian. Time will tell if that's true or not, but we certainly are optimistic that we can improve on what we've seen.
Philip P. Conti: No, all I'd say is if -- you've probably noticed in the second quarter, we drew down the backlog pretty substantially. All of that is just driven by the timing of these large multi-well multistage pads. It just worked out that a lot of them came on in the second quarter, which means they'll probably be -- rigs will be moving to new multi-well pads, so there'll be a bit of a hiatus in new TILs in the third quarter. So I would expect that you'll see that backlog build back up somewhat in the third quarter. But it's all driven just by the timing of these big pads.
Philip P. Conti: Yes, I would expect that. Which is why we're projecting basically flat volumes in the third quarter over the second, but the backlog should increase.
Philip P. Conti: I believe right now we have 3 in Southwestern PA and 3 in Northern West Virginia. Pretty sure that's right. They move around a little bit, so I'm not always completely up to speed.
Philip P. Conti: That's a good question and I probably can't give you a great answer yet. That's certainly a topic that we are actively studying now, trying to determine what is the optimum scenario, especially for these very large pads. So if we have a 10-well Marcellus pad and the opportunity to drill another 10 Upper Devonian pads for a total of 20, we're currently modeling. Does it make sense, is it optimum to drill all 20 right now? Or does it make sense to drill 5 Marcellus, 5 Upper Devonian, leave and come back later? Or should we drill all the Marcellus now and come back? And some of the issues are just logistical in nature, but there's also some factors around -- some concerns around the effectiveness of the fracs, particularly in the Upper Devonian, if we would come back significantly later after frac-ing the Marcellus because of depletion and potential interference between the 2. So we're doing a lot of reservoir modeling combined with a lot of logistical study to sort of sort. So bottom line is, right now, I don't -- I can't tell you what the optimum is and what the impact will be. Part of the reason that we're drilling some more Upper Devonians this year on existing pads is to help us figure out how that -- what the optimum is going to be.
Philip P. Conti: I don't know that we're -- we're not frac-ing while drilling, but we're doing a lot of other simultaneous operations, a lot more than we used to.
