Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. As the RSG topic highlights, we see growing opportunities to connect value creation with ESG accretion. Our comprehensive ESG report published in June provides a detailed review of how we approach sustainable value creation and a key area for us is differentiation. So before we close, I’d like to highlight the emission targets that we announced in June, which we believe are truly differentiating in the industry. First, we established the targets to achieve net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by or before 2025. This is an important commitment and one that we have high confidence in meeting or exceeding. Second, we plan to reduce our production segment Scope 1 GHG emissions intensity by 70% to a level below 160 metric tons CO2 per Bcfe by or before 2025. And finally, we plan to reduce our production segment Scope 1 methane emissions intensity by 65%, below 0.02% by or before 2025. These targets are meaningful first steps and we will continue to push ourselves as we aim to be the operator of choice for all of our stakeholders. We are a value-driven organization that operates with vision and purpose. And to conclude today’s call I’d like to point you to Slide 5 of our investor presentation, which highlights our unique investment opportunity to our shareholders. In short, we are a differentiated energy investment opportunity. Starting with scale, we are the largest producer of natural gas in the United States. This is important not only because we are responsible for providing the U.S. and other countries globally with low cost, low emissions natural gas, but because when done correctly, scale affords us the chance to operate more efficiently. Second, we have a robust free cash flow profile, most notably driven by contractually locked in declining gathering rates with Equitrans, improved maintenance capital intensity and a shallowing base production decline. Aside from upward price movements, upside to our $7 plus billion free cash flow projection through 2026 will come through the release of certain MVP capacity, credit rating upgrades, premiums for RSG gas, participation in new ventures, and continued operational efficiencies. Next, we have a peer-leading credit profile with a clear path to regain our investment grade rating. As shown on Slide 8, you will see that our 5-year notes trade nearly 150 basis points better than comparable peers, while only 50 to 75 basis points wide of investment grade producers. On the left hand side of the slide, you will see the impact of the strategic actions taken, which have significantly reduced our leverage profile, which is expected to fall by nearly 1 turn from year end 2021 to year end 2022. Additionally, we have an evolved modern operating model in peer leading inventory. As peers continue to drill up their remaining core inventory, we have minimal infill risks comparatively and have decades of core, long lateral, combo development inventory. And finally, we believe that Appalachian natural gas will play a critical role in replacing baseload electricity generation as coal plant retirements accelerate, providing a tailwind for our business as the world becomes more electrified. And further, low emissions natural gas produced here in the United States is a critical tool to mitigate energy poverty and improve human flourishing on a global scale, all while positively influencing climate, enhancing the long-term tailwinds for this business. We look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy, demonstrating ESG leadership and being a champion for the commodity. Thank you for your interest and support. I would now like to open the call for questions.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. So, I can walk through the hedging and thought process behind it. So, you will see we have added approximately 650 Bcf of swaps. And if you take the Alta volumes that we inherited, that was about 150 Bcf. So, you got about 500 Bcf that we are really thinking through what’s the best way to get our hedges and meet our strategic goals that allow us to strengthen our balance sheet, reach our leverage targets and be able to start returning capital to shareholders. We have a view that we take when we make these decisions, and our view was closer to $3. I think when you look at the swaps that we did for that period, it was closer to $3, which aligned with our view. But the question is, why not collars. The use of swaps really solidifies the free cash flow from those hedges, which has the effect of improving our floor, very helpful with the rating agencies to underwrite the free cash flow that we have to assist in us regaining our investment-grade balance sheet. The next question is, well, why not just do puts, and we looked at that. And at that price, at around $3 NYMEX, to put a put in place, the premium would be anywhere from $0.25 to $0.45. So, to put a put in place and give exposure to upside, you are really taking a view that gas prices will be $3.35 and $3.40. That was not in line with our view at the time. We did not account for the weather events there. But that was the thought process behind the decision that we made on the hedging.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, we are going to take a balanced and flexible approach with our capital allocation or return of capital strategy. And I am looking forward to putting that out in the fourth quarter. As far as consolidation and how we think about allocating capital and performing, strapping any consolidation opportunities we see with our footprint. One thing is very clear, if you look at our track record, we have always been very disciplined in our consolidation efforts. I think the track record we laid with Chevron and Alta support that. And it’s even more important for us at even more disciplined and only do deals that are going to be really accretive on a NAV per share and free cash flow per share basis. The deleveraging nature obviously is helpful. But we are sitting with a really good place with our balance sheet right now. So, I think when we have the ability now to start returning capital to shareholders just enhances the importance of continuing to be disciplined on the consolidation front.
Toby Rice: Yes. Consistent with what we have seen in the past and when we get the question, what would it take for EQT to grow, we have consistently said, it would require a strip that’s got some length to it probably 2 years to 3 years out at a gas price that’s north of $3. And that situation is still there today. And even if we did see the opportunity, if that opportunity presents itself, it would still be very modest, zero, low to single-digit growth, less than 5%. And for us, that’s really just taking the throttle or taking the brakes off the operations team to run a little bit. So, it wouldn’t be – it would be a very natural a couple of percent increase. I think it’s an interesting situation that a lot of people in the industry are looking at right now. And while you do see a short-term price signal, which is encouraging, and people can look at adding activity levels to maybe get a little bit better return on an incremental small amount of dollars. And I think that people know how that plays out when you chase shorter term price signals. And I think you compare that versus the long-term value opportunity is getting our assets valued at a gas price that’s north of $3, when you compare the short-term gains you can get from accelerated activity or compared to the alternative, we will choose the alternative. And we think that we have been encouraged to see others in the industry remain disciplined, because I think they recognize the error that we are in and what’s the best way to return – or to return capital to shareholders and also maximize the value creation of our assets.
Toby Rice: Yes. Neal, I think you hit it upfront. It’s – from a percentage basis, we are not really going to be able to move the needle just given our scale in the dry gas side of things. But the Chevron asset that we have does give us an opportunity to steer some activity to the wet side of our program.
Toby Rice: Yes. Neal, I mean our strategy coming in here was to fix EQT, solidify the balance sheet and grow free cash flow per share. In the past, consolidation was a great tool for us to grow free cash flow per share and also deleverage the business to get our balance sheet to where it’s at today. But now we are in a position where with the balance sheet where it’s at and now having the ability to start beginning returning capital to shareholders, we now have another way that we can increase our free cash flow per share, whether that’s through doing share buybacks. So, we are certainly going to weigh this new tool that we have in the mix and finding out the best way that we can grow our free cash flow per share.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, we spent a lot of time with the teams thinking about service costs and making sure that we have got the most accurate view baked into our well costs that obviously makes up our CapEx forecast for the future. Where we are seeing inflation is on things like steel, obviously, things like diesel. We have done some – one of the benefits of running a large-scale dependable program is that we can leverage our procurement team to acquire the materials we need in advance. So, that’s been a very helpful tool for us. The other thing we have seen is just not reducing our reliance on things like diesel. I mean the move to electrified frac equipment, in addition to ESG benefits, it takes us away from being large diesel consumers. That’s over 25 million gallons of diesel that we have not needed to consume as a result of that. So, operational efficiencies play into reducing service cost inflation as well. So, all of these numbers are sort of baked into what our costs are. But I do see that our costs will continue to stay at the level that we are at today. And then we have got the benefit of the teams continuing to ground the operational efficiencies, high grade the schedule with longer laterals. And those two things will historically, there have been a lot of to beat even in the face of service cost increases and I expect that to continue in the future.
Toby Rice: Yes. So first, on the market for RSG, it starts with demand. A lot of customers have reached out to us about this product. There is a lot of interest there. So that’s very encouraging. Two is, what that market going to translate to in price, and I’d say, in the single digits right now. But the real part that we’re looking for is to really establish the certification framework that really will help solidify exactly the product that people are buying. And what that will allow us to do is quantify the emissions reduction you’re getting by getting really low intensity, responsibly certified gas that will help define the price for our customers. And I think that, that will lend itself if you’re going to apply some type of carbon pricing to that to a more constructive price in a more realistic premium that’s actually based on data. So we’ve joined the OGMP 2.0 that is specifically designed to help assist in in creating that framework. And also the technology that we use to do the on-site monitoring, that will be part of it. As far as our new ventures is concerned, one of the things that we’re doing there that will facilitate our RSG efforts is by investing in our ESG initiative, which one of them is that $20 million to replace our pneumatic devices. That’s going to cut our emissions in half, and that’s going to take our – what is already a peer-leading emissions intensity rating and only make that better, which we will have the impact of allowing us to get more credit for the quality of the gas that we produce to customers. And so that’s sort of the holistic view on RSG and what we’re doing to position ourselves to benefit and promote that market.
Toby Rice: It’s in line with what we put out for the original deal guidance. And just to remind you, the Alta transaction run that asset in maintenance mode is going to require around a couple of hundred thousand horizontal feet per year, declining to around 150,000 horizontal feet longer term. And we apply the well cost, at least underwrite that deal to translate to a CapEx.
Toby Rice: Well, I think that the opportunities were known even before we picked up the Alta transaction. So I wouldn’t say our view has changed on any new opportunities coming on the horizon. I think one thing that has changed is our balance sheet has really strengthened. And the discipline that we had, the reason to do any M&A or consolidation to improve the leverage situation here at EQT, I think, is less of a desire there. So it really comes back to focus on what’s the best way for us to grow our free cash flow per share and also growing our NAV per share as well, which we have the ability to do that ourselves with our return of capital strategy that’s now been – we’ve accelerated our ability to get to that point. So our mentality on M&A is still going to be something that we look at. It’s part of our job is to make sure that we’re looking at every opportunity, but that discipline is only strengthened.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think for strip to be under $3, I think you have you take a view that people are going to break discipline and start adding production. This period of pricing right here is going to be really important to watch because you’ve got – this is – it’s easy to stay disciplined in a $2.70 strip. It’s another proposition when you’re looking at a $3 strip. But like I said before, I mean these are short-term pricing. And I think people understand how that’s going to end up and realize that the real value opportunities for us to bring some sustainability to gas supply and ultimately to a more sustainable price. And over the long-term, that will create more value. So I think the next 6 months will be important to watch and I think help show the discipline that this industry has. And I think after that, you’ll start to see the strip reflect what we think is a more constructive gas price long-term.
Toby Rice: Yes. Thanks, everybody, for participating today. I think just stepping back and realizing the situation that we’ve been in that we’re in today. The gas markets are very strong. And I think we realize that the gas is in a $2 commodity, it’s more like a $3 commodity. And while that does present some headwinds with our hedge book, the fact is EQT is a stronger company today, and we’ve got a really bright future. We’ve got a really robust free cash flow profile and a really strong balance sheet. And that’s going to give us the tools needed to correct any market imbalances in the short-term and reward our shareholders for their patience. And we’re really excited to continue to deliver on that strategy. Thank you.
David Khani: Yes. And then I will just add that, we have – yes, we have $1.4 billion of free cash flow next year. We will figure out what percentage. But we have ability to do a big percentage of return to shareholders next year.
David Khani: Yes. So, we will be able to retire the ‘22 debt this year. So, I think you can look at the free cash flow next year really about how much debt, incremental debt do we want to retire and how much shareholder-friendly we want to do. And I think we will set a specific target, but we don’t need to get to any specific target in any 1 year. We can do a glide path.
David Khani: Right. So, we basically inherited we will call it between 7% and 10% of our hedges that Alta had in place. They were at a hedge price. I am going to average between ‘21 and ‘22, about 2.60. We then added a call all to hedges to protect the returns of that transaction of about another, I will call it, 6%. We added hedges at about 3.50 in 2021 at 2.80 in 2022. And then we added an incremental wedge of hedges between ‘21 and ‘22 that Toby talked about that had a $3 number on it. And there was a piece of that which were collars. So, the Alta pieces were the protection of – for the transaction and the inherited piece, and the incremental piece that we added to go towards our price view was that $3 piece, of which a portion of it is in collars, if that helps.
David Khani: Yes. So, I would say the – there is probably two events that impacted the timing. One has been the acquisition, and we got the upgrades just the other day. So, now we are sitting at one notch away. So, the acquisition probably helped to accelerate the transition back to investment-grade by, let’s call it, maybe six months or so. So, the second event is really the commodity price move and how it’s moved and up. And I think now the rating agencies are on kind of taking through what should the commodity price be. And so that will obviously have a big impact on timing as well. So, I think we can think about investment-grade as probably a 2022 event, whether it’s the beginning or the middle.
David Khani: Yes. So, the agencies would like us to continue to pay down debt. I think that’s important. I think so we will integrate that into our return on capital strategy. I think now with the fact that we have a multi-year view. We will call it well over $1 billion a year of free cash flow, approaching $1.5 billion. We can create a strategy that retires debt over time and as well as provide shareholder returns. And we can accomplish both having investment grade, having a strong balance sheet and then also returning cash to shareholders.
David Khani: Yes. So we – basis differentials are narrowing by about $0.20 year-over-year from 2021 to 2022. And so we see nice improvement, and we locked in a big chunk of that. And so – and when MVP comes online, we’re assuming, I’ll call it, a very conservative view of what the endpoint where MVP drops gas off. And we’re also assuming not a benefit in base, not a material benefit in basin. So there’ll probably be some movement there that will probably help make that – those numbers get better, but we’re not assuming that, if that helps.
David Khani: Yes. So the issues with working capital really are tied to the margins for our hedges. And as you think about as time rolls, those margins go away, as our credit improves, those margins go away. And then if prices go up, those margins can increase on what’s left. So those are the moving targets to think about. But I think I just know that I’ll call it by the end of the year, all that margin effectively will go away. And so you could think about just from a trend standpoint over the next 6 months, that margin will go away because effectively, the biggest part of that margin impact is really tied to 2021 hedges.
David Khani: Yes. So we’re 75% hedged on 2021. We’re 0% hedged on 2022. A portion of those hedges that we have in plays for our NGLs are tied to our Chevron acquisition, just like we did with Alta, we added hedges in place. But we added only 2021 hedges. We didn’t add ‘22 or ‘23. So we have virtually wide open for ‘22 and ‘23 for NGL. Again, it’s about 5% of our production. It’s probably about, call it, 6% or 7% of our revenue.
David Khani: It will be several years before we pay cash taxes. And again, that is – will be a function – we have $1.4 billion of NOLs. And so that really will be a function of what commodity prices do. But right now, we have – we will call several years out before we pay cash taxes.
David Khani: No, David, it has – they are about $0.15 wider than our different – than our base in basin differentials. And so it did add a piece of that. And so – and I would say about half was from the acquisition, and half of it was from wider differentials that occurred within the basin because of probably because of TETCO being down.
David Khani: Yes. So David, if you looked at what happened last year, you had lack of winter, you had high storage, you had a little bit of COVID impact and so – and then you had, we will call it, 1.5 Bcf per day or more of type outages. And so you had – as you headed into September, October – and then you also had about 2 Bcf per day of shut-ins that came online in October. So you had high storage, you had the pipes out and then you had producers come back online all hitting in we will call in that October, November time period. And so that created the recipe for basis widening really sharply. If you look this year and storage inside the basin is about 150Bs less year-over-year, call it, normal 900, 950 as you start the winter here. So we’re in much better storage position produced. There is really a lot less pulse shut-in of production going on. So you’re running kind of more at full capacity. And you do have the TECO outage, which was about 650, so we will call it about half to about third of what was out of time. So I think the setup is in a much better position if you have normal weather into the winter where you probably will not see any producers shut in the September, October time period. So I think it’s a much probably different setup.
