Toby Rice: I'd like to summarize the key points from today's call. 100-Day Plan has positioned EQT for long term success. We believe we will reduce EQTs controllable costs by 25% in 2020, which will drive $400 million of annual cost savings, assuming a maintenance development program. This is allowing EQT to generate $200 million to $300 million of 2020 adjusted free cash flow at strip prices.  With the operating model in place, we are now focused on negotiating our gathering fees lower and believe this will firmly position EQT as the lowest cost gas operator, with the deepest inventory of Tier 1 locations, and not just the Appalachian Basin, but the entire U.S. We remain committed to investment grade ratings and are focused on executing on our debt reduction plan by mid-2020 to maintain investment grade metrics.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A. 
Toby Rice: Hi, thanks. This is Toby, I'll take that. So just walking through our unit costs, you know gathering is going to be up $0.05. This is largely coming from underutilized MVC that we have. So when we look at our gross production, while we do have our MVC’s covered across all systems, there are certain areas that are under the MVC volume threshold. So we're working on some creative solutions to reduce the underutilized MVCs, but this is something that can be solved with the renegotiation with Equitrans.  On the transport side of things, this is up a little bit, but that's due to new contracts coming online. When we look at our LOE cast, it’s coming up a couple cents. This is due to a little bit of a slowdown in completion activity, so our water disposal costs are going up a little bit. We think that the key is to getting this back in line to 2019 levels. It can be helped with more efficient scheduling on the produced water side of things. Also, our choke management program is going to led to less wear and tear on our production facilities, so that would decrease some of the part repairs that make up our LOE costs. And then on top of all this basis differentials are expected to be $0.05 lower than our 2019 and this offsets some of these increases going forward.  To your second point on our E-Train comp, our confidence and renegotiating our gatherings with E-Train for a win-win solution. You know I think the things that give me confidence is we have a lot to offer. I think we can increase the amount of quality revenues that E-Trains receives and that's through increasing our MVCs commitment. We can increase that substantially and then also we've got a lot of undedicated leasehold in West Virginia that is going to be competing for our capital going forward. So I think with those couple things, it could make a great set up for a great deal with E-Train. 
Toby Rice: Yes, sure. We have not spoken with the agencies about the specific debt reduction plan. Obviously we've been speaking to them leading up to earnings and obviously Equitrans are retains. Equitrans has always been a divestiture candidates and the intended use of proceeds there has always been for debt reduction. But we’re going to be speaking with them next week to walk them through this plan, our commitment to it and to do it in the near term, right. We're targeting executing this by mid-year of 2020.  Your second question, with respect to priority on looking at slides 16 of all the options that we have, you know we’re evaluating all of these. I think they are all actionable and all actionable in the near term, so I wouldn't give any preference to one or the other, but they are all being evaluated today. 
Toby Rice: Yes, so what we've laid out for 2020 gives us optionality for potential growth in ’21. We've got enough CapEx budgeted in ‘20 to either stay flat in ‘21 or grow depending on a number of items that we laid out earlier. How things go with Equitrans and the renegotiation in gas prices and then just as our longer term development plan comes together. 
Toby Rice: Yes, so this is Toby. I would say that you know the cost reductions that we're looking for in the future are going to be coming more on the unit cost side of things. So seeing a reduction in gathering fee relief is – I mean the goal of this deal for us is to achieve meaningful fee relief that allows us to grow at 250 gas price environment and generate free cash flow, so that's what we’re looking to try and achieve with this renegotiation and that would change our approach going forward. 
Toby Rice: Yeah, we certainly haven't guided the ‘21 free cash flow, but you know expect if we lose Equitrans dividends and the tax benefits, that will be made up by lower CapEx expenditures given we’ll have a full year of well cost reductions baked. Then obviously we’re hopeful on the Equitrans gathering fee renegotiation. We’ll add some cash flow as well if we're successful there. 
Toby Rice: Yeah, that's right. Both are important, but when we look at the numbers, executing this debt reduction program in addition to the free cash flow generation net-net is going to lower our leverage profile and we'll be able to maintain investment grade metrics. Also it has the added benefit of bringing in proceeds which help us manage our maturities that are upcoming. 
Toby Rice: Sure. Michael, I'd ask you to turn to slide 11. You know on the top right there we've shown our West Virginia Marcellus activity, and we sort of ordered these bar charts from Turned-in-line to Spud and you can see one of the big drivers in our cost performance is going to be from us increasing lateral lengths.  We're going from – the wells that are – sort of have been in progress are going to be turning-in-line and are almost 9,000 feet and that the new wells that we’re spuding in West Virginia in 2020 are going to be almost 12,000 foot laterals. So that's going to be you know one of the largest drivers of our cost savings in the West Virginia Marcellus.  The other thing that we're focused on is you know we're doing some acreage trades to be able to allow us to continue to put long laterals on the schedule. 
Toby Rice: Yeah, you know the focus has been on the biggest needle mover for us, which is on the gathering, but certainly water would be a natural follow-on discussion for us to have. 
Toby Rice: Yeah, we don't have a specific NRI target in mind today and having gotten into valuation discussions as of today. That said, we think that what we're offering is a pretty compelling investment to a wide universe of investors. Actually have the largest production base in the country across our massive undeveloped acreage position, the core of the Marcellus. So we are pretty excited about what we’d be able to do with the deal structure around these minerals.
Toby Rice: Yes, so that's correct on the timing. You know one of the things that we’ll be looking to do is to establish sort of a global area, so that we get away from having trying to balance 19 different capacity areas in the associate MVCs within each area. So, you know that would be an increase, a step-up in MVC's. It would be paired with the elimination of all these individual areas, and I think that would give us greater flexibility to focus our development on you know where the combo development makes – is available for us and be able to deliver volumes and meet our MVC commitments to Equitrans. 
Toby Rice: Yes Drew, I would say our focus is going to be on – in this fairway, so everything is just going to be outside of that and there's just some of the pruning that needs to happen and by setting some of these noncore assets that are outside the fairway is one of the things that could help you know focus our development and reduce some of our operating expenses as well.  
Toby Rice: Sure. Well, looking at slide nine, it was our original expectation on when we could achieve these cost savings. I think some of the things that are allowing us to do this faster than we thought, one has to be a little bit of a softer service price environment, certainly accelerates that; and two, I think we've been able to put together a much higher-quality schedule in a shorter period of time than we originally anticipated.  
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean there's 40 different parameters that we've identified that have the ability to impact economics of our wells by plus or minus 5%. So yes, we've made changes to some of – the bigger ones would be proppant loadings, clusters, number of clusters per stage, water loading. So yes, we've – and we're adding some new technology and that we're testing out now. So we have a proven well design that we're putting in, but we're also evolving that well design to adapt to the environment that we're in.  
Toby Rice: Yes. So we've accrued for everything which we feel a loss is probably that we know of today. Going forward, I think one of the benefits of us doing things the right way and having a connected organization is it will minimize the impact of these type of issues going forward.  
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean we've accrued for everything that we know of today and it's tough for us to predict out in the future, but building a sustainable business of doing things the right way is going to be our safeguard against unexpected litigation expenses in the future.  
Toby Rice: Thanks everyone for participating on our call today. You know we're proud of the work we've done so far and look forward to executing on our plans going forward. I'd like to close out our first full quarter by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication. Thank you.  
A - Toby Rice: Sure. I'll start with the last question first. Yes, our adjusted free cash flow guidance in 2020 includes a $90 million dividend from Equitrans, so that’s included there. And then the first part of your question, remind me what that was. 
A - Toby Rice: Sure. I think you know we're looking at and we’re approaching this E-Train renegotiation as something that's going to be positive for both companies, so we will continue to hold the E-Train stake as we get through these negotiations. 
A - Toby Rice: Not really that someone would pay something meaningful for I think the mineral interest side of things. There's an implicit – you know you get credit for some undeveloped value and how some of those deals are structured, and so yeah, that would be one example where we'd be able to generate some proceeds from non-cash flowing assets. 
A - Toby Rice: Yeah Michael, so in 2020 we had that around $900 a foot and you know we expect that to continue to come down as we get a more consistent schedule that has 12,000 foot laterals. That could come down closer to less than $800 a foot. 
Kyle Derham: Yeah, good question Holly, its Kyle. So our 2020 guidance across the Board does not assume asset sales. We wanted to show what the business was capable of today, status quo. On slide 16 there are multiple ways we can get to that $1.5 billion of monetization and we’ll provide updates to guidance as we announce them.  In general free cash flow will decrease after selling assets, but that'll be offset by decreases with savings from interest expense, from repaying debt. So net-net I think full execution of our debt reduction program gets us towards the lower end of our guidance range, potentially below it on free cash flow, but it allows us to maintain investment grade metrics, brings in liquidity ahead of the upcoming maturities and obviously that’s a big focus for us. 
Kyle Derham: Yeah, they want to see us maintain investment grade metrics and for us to do that, that's divesting assets generating free cash flow and so I really think it's this plan specifically is what they want to see. 
Kyle Derham: Yeah, we don’t assume any fee release in any of our guidance numbers and we're committed to divesting Equitrans in the next nine months, regardless of the MVP timing. 
Kyle Derham: Both frankly I think are possible based on where we see rig count going over the next three to four months. And that’s not just our view, that’s a couple of industry analysts who are starting to look at where supply could shake out for the lower 48, and could see that scenario playing out. 
Kyle Derham: Yeah, if I'm not mistaken, I believe some of the transactions range has been able to execute. It's really more on a cash flow multiple basis, has been in the 12x to 13x cash flow. 
Kyle Derham: Yeah, I mean it would be – we can kind of carve out whatever we want on the royalty side and include these fee acres as part of it. So we can kind of design whatever mineral structure we want. 
Kyle Derham: Yes, so specifically Southern West Virginia, Central PA, Ohio, those are assets that are on the table.  
Kyle Derham: Yes, absolutely. We have market access today. We've seen our 27 notes rally pretty significantly in the last two weeks, especially after this morning's announcement. So yes, we have access today but we also know executing some of these monetizations will only help to drive terms on a potential bond offering. So we'll continue to opportunistically evaluate the market.  
Kyle Derham: Yes. It's the same, very similar well design that we executed at Rice Energy that led to basin leading well productivity and so that same well design, we're just spacing it out to 1000 feet, and we actually published our type curve this morning on the website. We expect that to generate an EUR of around 2.4 Bcf per 1000.  
