Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think there's two adjustments you need to keep in mind, trying to use the SEC reserves number to back into EUR estimates. One, those are reserves, not EURs. So anything produced prior to December 31 is not in there. That's fairly minor for the Pettit well. But it's also, using the SEC definition, so reasonable certainty, we have two producing wells. The Pettit well had almost no production data, so our reserve projections in that case tend to be pretty much on the conservative side. So I'm not sure the SEC numbers for the Utica wells really reflect very accurately our view. And we think it's too early to really comment on our view of the EUR for the second well, but I would say that it's consistent with our expectations of the Utica. It's very, very early, but probably not quite as good as the Scotts Run. I think the Scotts Run well will likely stand out for quite a while as an exceptional well and one that is definitely above the mean for the Utica.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't think we know at the current time. We're doing a lot of reservoir testing and studying it pretty closely and I don't think we have any firm conclusions. Again, we have some limited data points. We have two data points now and the second data point has such limited history that I think it's premature to speculate too much about the reservoir just yet, other than to say, I think, one thing we've proven is with the Scotts Run that clearly there's going to be some areas of the Utica that are exceptionally good and with the cost that we've already achieved, the economics of those types of locations will be superior to probably any of the Marcellus opportunities that we have. But we need to define where the areas are, how big they are, how repeatable they are. And then, you're going to have lots of areas that it's going to depend a lot on completion techniques and the final cost of these wells to see how it compares to the Marcellus. I think that's going to take us some time and quite a few more wells to really define. But there's certainly going to be some areas that are exceptional.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think, you can't oversimplify the process that we need to go through. It's a brand new play, very limited data, potentially over a fairly broad area. And I would say our expectations always have been that there will be some areas that are really, really good, and I think the Scotts Run clearly demonstrates that. There's going to be some areas that are – take more time to figure out exactly how good they are and exactly how they stack up to the Marcellus. And there's clearly going to be areas that you could drill Utica well – very productive Utica wells, but they don't compete economically. I mean, the Utica is huge, covers a very large area. So, there's going to be areas of exceptional performance in economics, areas of competitive with the core Marcellus. And remember, that's our hurdle is comparing it to the best of our Marcellus opportunities and there's going to be areas where it falls short. It's going to take some time to define that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. I think, we haven't changed the targets, but I'm feeling pretty confident that our next well will be within that range. We still have a long way to go on it so anything can happen, but it's looking pretty good. I'm becoming much more optimistic that we will be ultimately at the bottom part of that range rather than the top part. It's just a little early for us to revise that range. We wanted to get in it for a well or two before we start updating it. But I think our confidence in the lower part of the range goes up every day. There's still quite a few areas for improvement and, I guess, that's why I'm so optimistic. We're going to be within that range and can identify numerous opportunities for future improvements. So, we'll keep you up-to-date on how we're doing.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think – well, the biggest driver will be depth. Across most of our acreage, the depth doesn't change a lot. So for us, it probably won't vary that much. There are some regulatory differences between Pennsylvania and West Virginia particularly around casing and cementing designs. So, it'll vary a little bit by state, although, again not that much. I think cost variability should be pretty low other than depth and, of course, lateral length and number of stages.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. The Shipman well is also in Greene County. I don't remember the distance from the other two but in the same general vicinity. And the West Virginia wells will be very dependent on the results we see from the BIG 190 well which we – again we're two-thirds of the way done fracking, so we should have results late February or early March which will influence our thinking about sort of where the program goes after that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, again, I think we're going to – I think we'll be within the range on our actual cost but we just started drilling the well. So, it's premature. But the high end of that range is where I expect that well to come in.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. I think our thinking all along is if we can get within that range and get the results that we we're hoping to get, there will be areas of the Utica that are competitive with our very best Marcellus. And I think, clearly, the Scotts Run, which I would repeat, we don't expect the Scotts Run result to be the norm. So, that's not when we factor in what we think the Utica is going to do, we're assuming something a little less productive than the Scotts Run. But, yeah, I think, our view is that if we can get within that cost range and have the productivity that we think we can get, that there will be areas that are competitive and probably some areas that will outcompete some of our best Marcellus.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, yeah. As I said in my comments, we have two objectives. The first one, and going into the year, was our primary focus was to get the get cost down. Since we started at around $30 million a well, we we're certain that the costs in that range were never going to yield an economic project. We've gotten this cost down quite a bit faster than I had expected. So, that was our primary objective. But, I think, we're almost there. I can't quite declare victory yet, but we're getting very, very close. The second objective was to understand the productivity and the extent within the core of that productivity of the Utica and that's why we have to drill a 5- to 10-well program this year and get various data points, and as we all know, early in new plays, there's always a lot of improvement even on the completion side. You have to get up the learning curve. So, we'll make some mistakes. We'll have some – obviously, we'll have some fantastic wells. We'll probably have some underperforming wells as we experiment with different techniques, and we have to gather that data and analyze it, and it's a lengthy process. So, we're going to spend the year gathering data and studying it, and as we become comfortable with the implications, we'll communicate that to you.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. Our experience has been that the productivity versus lateral length is perfectly linear, at least out to 10,000 feet. We've seen no drop-off in productivity per foot as we've drilled longer, which is why we been saying for a long time, the longer the better. So, we work really hard on our land department to put together drilling locations with the longest possible laterals. So, you've seen our laterals get longer especially this year. A lot of that is driven by all the land work that goes on behind the scenes to make that happen. It hasn't been a change in our thinking about the economics of longer laterals. We've always believed longer is better.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, the raw drilling and completion is about $575 million, and then you have acreage, some capitalized overhead, G&G costs, compliance, CapEx, a bunch of other items to make up that difference, so.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: And yet, frankly, the market seems to behave as if, of course, we can get to no rigs, and volumes will keep going up.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, it's both of those reasons and really nothing more. It's really timing of when the rigs get done, and the fracs get done, and wells get turned on line versus specific quarter-end dates. So, yeah, we are expecting a pretty substantial growth rate in the first quarter. We will be, this year, in 2016, the growth will be more concentrated in the first half of the year than in the second half. And you'll see, if you look at our backlog numbers, they came down a little bit in the fourth quarter. We expect you'll see a pretty substantial drop when we report the results for the first quarter in terms of stages complete not online.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: It's more front-end loaded. And it's just the nature of the timing of the rigs and the reduction in our capital program. So, you'll see that reflected more in the second half of the year in terms of number of stages that come online.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: In-between 5,000 and 5,500 feet, Michael. Because the last three years, our average length has been in that range.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, that's the primary driver, but it's also – so, we model that. So, it's not just the extra time it's going to take to get to pipeline pressure. It's the history matching of our reservoir models. The pressure decline that we match now indicates a higher potential EUR than the matches we were getting with West data, (43:09) but it manifests itself through a slower pressure decline than we originally had modeled.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: We switched to sand on the Pettit well, so at the current time, our plans are only the Scotts Run will have ceramic. Our reservoir engineering analysis suggests that we're not seeing any impacts from switching to sand. We're going to monitor that. And, if clearly, if it would indicate that ceramic would drive a meaningful change in well performance, we would switch back and at least experiment more with it. But, for now, we're going with sand for this and all future wells.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, that's hard to answer because we will decide as we gather data and have to commit to certain completion designs. I think for now, generally speaking, it's a very general comment, we're going to try to not change too many variables at once. So, I think the completion designs most likely remain very similar unless the data that comes back is indicating that there's something that we do want to change and gather data on. So, again, I'm expecting not a lot of changes but that said, I would expect that we will be tweaking a few things over the course of the next several wells.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, actually, we don't see a lot of change driven by dry versus wet. We do see some differences in optimum spacing driven more by clay content in the rock. And our spacing varies from as close as 500 feet in certain areas to as wide as 1,000 feet. I think our average right now is running around 700 feet. So, it varies by geographic location and by geology, but 500 feet or 750 feet are probably the two most common spacings with few areas at 1,000 feet.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I mean, I would say success in the Utica – the one obvious advantage right, at face value is it greatly expands our economic inventory which might make you think consolidation becomes less interesting. I think one of the bring drivers in consolidation for us though is the enhancement in efficiencies you get, the synergies from consolidation, that will apply regardless of whether the Utica works. And if the Utica works applies to the Utica. So, longer laterals, more wells per pad, a more efficient Midstream system design. So, all of those incremental value exist regardless of what happens with the Utica. So, I think there's still a compelling case for consolidation given how fragmented the northeast natural gas plays are. There's definitely a lot of value add in having bigger more contiguous acreage positions.
