David L. Porges: Yes, we'll -- look, we'll continue to look at whatever opportunities we think make the most sense for the company. On the -- look, on the acreage side, the real focus is trying to build up more contiguous position to wherever we have acreage, whether it's the Utica or in Greene County, et cetera. On the sales side of that equation, we would still classify the CBM as being noncore for us. We don't really see when we'll develop it. So there's kind of a timing issue there and at some point, we continue to feel that the right answer on the Huron is to get some form of other people's money. So we continue to look at both sides of that M&A equation.
David L. Porges: Well, Steve is going to be the one who has to explain whatever comments we make to for the folks in production. So I'll let him answer the question.
David L. Porges: Well, Neal -- or I mean, Scott. Sorry. I think we agree of 15,000 acres is fairly immaterial to EQT at this point. Our view going in was we really need to have a minimum of 50,000 acres for us to feel like the effort was worthwhile. So I think we continue to look at it. I think step 1 for us is to get the results from these test wells, understand a little better what the economics of the play are in the area that we've targeted. Obviously, it's an area that we're excited about. Competitive results have been good. Geologically, it's at the area that we chose to focus on. So I think conceptually, pending results, we think a minimum of 50,000 acres is what will make sense. However, if we find that we can't get there or disappointed in the results, I think we'd be willing to step back from that as well. So -- but I think clearly, holding a 15,000-acre position for the long term likely doesn't make sense for EQT. So we will either increase or it'll go to 0.
David L. Porges: Well, I think we're sensitive to economics. So in the specifics of individual plays drive what numbers make sense. So I wouldn't say any particular number we view as high or low. It's got to be within the context of the economics. I will say just to reflect back a few years, I remember when $500 an acre in the Marcellus felt crazy high to us until we understood what the Marcellus was all about and obviously, $500 an acre now would feel like a steal. So we don't set particular per-acre targets. We look at the economics and what kind of returns we think we can generate.
David L. Porges: But again, the biggest reason for the reduction from September 30 would have been paying off that $200-some-million what had been long-term debt, but of course was listed as a current maturity by the time we paid it off.
David L. Porges: Well, I think it's a little early for us to conclude that 500-foot spacing works everywhere in Greene County. So it was only portions of Greene County where we've done that. We're going to continue to test down spacing. We're testing 750 feet. We're testing 500 and we'll use what's appropriate. But certainly, I think the fact that we've concluded that 500 works in certain areas, it certainly makes us optimistic that we'll find that some form of down spacing works more broadly.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, Neal, I can't give you specifics on LOE targets, but I will say, as always, we continue to focus on finding ways to be more efficient, drill and produce these wells as efficiently as we possibly can. And I think as a result of our strong growth that we expect to continue, you just get some inherent economies of scale. So I just think naturally, you'll -- we should continue to see our unit costs decline. And I think without giving you specifics, I think what you've seen in the past, that's the reason to believe we can continue in the future for quite -- for some time.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: And in context, Scott, as you probably recall, that's the same logic we had when we got into the Tioga position and we wound up concluding that for a variety of reasons and a lot of them being competitive reasons. It was going to be tough to get that sort of position in Tioga, which is the reason that we started backing away from the idea of it being a potential core area.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, there is a reason. This year when we were looking at our booking methodology based on longer laterals, reduced cluster spacing, multi-well pads, we're finding that a higher percentage of our costs are being spent on the completion phase versus the drilling phase. So previously, when we had TD to well, we would book that well as proved developed either nonproducing or PDP if it was frac-ed and in line, but generally, it's proved developed nonproducing. Based on the higher ship to cost later in the process, we thought it was more appropriate this year to start booking wells as proved non -- proved develop nonproducing after they've been frac-ed. So there's a significant amount of less reserves in the proved developed nonproducing category this year, which is really a one-time shift. So you shouldn't see this again next year. But there's about 400 Bcf less PDP reserves this year than there was last year as a result of that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't think we provide the first number you asked for, Ray. The second one, if I can find the specific number, it's 88% of our Marcellus wells we expect to use 30-foot cluster spacing. I think that's 132. I might be off 1 or 2.
Scott Hanold: Okay, all right. That's fair enough. I appreciate the color. One quick question for Phil. Did you say cash at the end of the year was $182 million because I think...
Scott Hanold: Wasn't it like $600-and-some-odd million at the end of third quarter? So I'm just trying to square the circle on that one.
Scott Hanold: Okay, but there's no cash like in investment or anything else that's the cash position is $182 million.
