Toby Rice: Thanks, Jeremy. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points. Number one, EQT's operational execution has been on point in 2023 with our drilling and completion teams, setting multiple internal and world records during the quarter. Number two, we continue to successfully implement our value-oriented capital returns framework with an incremental $800 million of debt retired in Q2, taking our cumulative debt retirement to more than $1.9 billion since late 2021. Number three, our recent HOA for tolling capacity at Lake Charles represents an initial step in progressing our LNG strategy, which seeks to diversify a portion of our production into international markets and achieve the best combination of upside exposure with downside risk mitigation. And four, we strategically added to our 2024 hedge position which ensures the accelerated achievement of our debt retirement goals while simultaneously providing shareholders maximum upside exposure to gas prices in late 2024, 2025 and beyond. And lastly, number five, our 2022 ESG report underscores our peer-leading environmental performance with a 20% year-over-year decline in EQT's production segment Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, moving us yet another step closer toward the realization of our ambitious 2025 net zero emissions goal. I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Toby Rice: Sure. So a couple of things that will take place in 2024. We'll see a little bit lower activity levels compared to 23%, and that's as a result of just the catch-up activity that we added in 2023. So that would be helpful. On the operational efficiency side of things, that's great to see the progress that the teams have made there, but really the focus is going to be on service cost inflation reductions that we see. So we're being conservative with that low single digits, but we'll update that as the teams continue to procure bids. And obviously, at a stepping back, bigger picture, we've got Tug Hill, which will lower our cost structure. And then also, as a reminder, we say it every quarter, the step down in gathering rates will be impactful as well. So pretty unique in the sense that EQT has some pretty big items that will lower our cost structure going forward. I think that's definitely unique and worth pointing out. As it relates to the MACH3 science campaign that we run, we have completed all of the operational execution of that, and we are currently in monitoring mode for the impact there. We have taken some best practices and incorporated that into our well design program. And with the monitoring that we've done, we have tightened up the controls in our assessment to take these different parameters and make sure that we are applying the best for market conditions. So it's been some practice implemented, greater awareness on the knobs that we're turning and we'll continue to monitor that. As we mentioned in the past, biggest focus for us, determining factor is really going to be where the service cost environment shakes out. So we'll keep everybody updated on that front.
Toby Rice: Yes. So at a very high level, what customers are looking for, they're looking for energy security. And while you've seen customers around the world build out the infrastructure to receive LNG that you've seen customers acquire supply to feed that infrastructure. But as long as this supply is tied to index pricing, it's hard to see that energy security which only comes with cost controls and guardrails on pricing. So this is something that we thought was incredibly important. We thought it was unique. And with this tolling structure that we put in place, we now have the flexibility to give that energy security to our customers with fixed price collared floors and ceilings type price controls on the LNG and energy that they're buying. So we think there'll be tremendous interest. And now that we have this tolling capacity, we can really dial up the conversations ultimately leading to a sales and purchase agreement with some of these customers.
Toby Rice: Well, conversations have been constructive with the FTC over the past 12 months, I'd say. But I think we said that – by the middle of this year, we'd have better insight on where this deal stands. And I can tell you today that we have confidence that we will reach resolution within the next 30 days.
Toby Rice: Yes. On the structure with the sales and purchase agreement, we would like to see parity with what we're doing on the tolling side. And I would say just what's going to govern the pace for us given the fact that we have ample exposure to the Gulf Coast and LNG, the pace is really going to be covered by the customers. And if we can execute attractive collar type pricing that locks in some pretty favorable returns for us. Then I think we'll look at continuing the pace and doing more. So these are the conversations that we're going to be having over the next 12 months that we've already begun, and that will come back and determine pace, and we'll update you guys along the way.
Toby Rice: Yes. We expect to be closing within 30 days. And one of the guiding principles for us as we're going through this process is to make sure that we preserve the economics of the deal that we signed up and feel like we're going to be able to deliver that and also preserve the strategic flexibility going forward. So it's been a long process, but we see the light at the end of the tunnel, and we're going to achieve our original goals.
Toby Rice: Yes, Arun, Slide 22 for us really puts the spotlight on CapEx efficiency over time, and we do anticipate there to be a tick down on our CapEx intensity. And I think looking longer term, when you get the benefits of Tug Hill, you get the benefits of the lower gathering rates, overall corporate breakeven will continue to trend lower.
Toby Rice: Well, I think what's special about West Virginia is the terrain and logistics become very important. And so to solve logistics constraints, investing in infrastructure is the solution. And so you've seen the benefit from the water infrastructure investment that we've done in West Virginia, that will continue, and we've identified a synergy with the Tug Hill acquisition to combine the Tug Hill water system with our system that not only is going to expand our produced water network, but also freshwater delivery. So we're excited about continuing with the progress on the water side.
Toby Rice: Yes, certainly, out of the gate until some of the downstream expansion projects are completed that really create more of that demand pull at that delivered market. We just plan to reallocate volumes that are currently being sold in basin to that MVP capacity. Where the basin sits today, and I think 2023 is a good example where in-basin storage is about 100 Bcf a day above – not per day, 100 Bcf above normal. There's not a lot of headroom, we think MVP coming online. We'll take some of that froth out of storage and balance the market a little bit more. If additional infrastructure is built, we would love the opportunity to grow into it. But where we sit today, it's hard to see that being in the next one to two years.
Toby Rice: Scott, at this time, I think we'd just like to stay focused on getting the deal done with the FTC, and we'll look forward to updating you guys on path forward after we get through this.
Toby Rice: Yes. Operational cadence for EQT assets will remain the same. Our plan with Tug assets to continue to maintain activity levels. I think the high-grade opportunities would probably start seeing those, hit the schedule maybe 12 months just take some time for us to set those wheels in motion. But pretty much in summary, similar plans for the first 12 months and then you could start seeing us optimize the asset base.
Toby Rice: Yes, Josh, we've always looked at investing in LNG facilities does the world need it to do that right now? It seems like these projects are getting going, what the world needs is EQT supply, so we're participating in that front. So our price here is really getting exposure to international markets. If we can do anything on the East Coast, that would give us exposure to sustainable growth opportunities. That's the real value for us. So we're not looking to make investments in LNG, but there could be opportunities where from a risk mitigation perspective, it could make sense for us to make a small investment in LNG facility, but that's sort of how we're viewing it right now.
Toby Rice: No. I think just when we looked at several facilities early on, we weren't sure if we needed to make an equity investment to get international pricing and after a lot of discussions, we found that we really don't need to do that.
Toby Rice: Yes. The goal for us is to raise the bar. These records show what could happen and the potential we have and the goal for the operating teams is to move that average performance up to peak performance. So that's the game that we're playing and we're removing any bottlenecks to achieving that peak performance along the way. Our attitude is that peers have the ability to keep up with us. And this is the fire that keeps us continuing to evolve and look for ways to continue raising the bar. So we're proud of where we're at, but we're always looking to get better. And that's really – I'd say one of the defining characteristics of our culture is just our ability and the drive to continually evolve our business.
Toby Rice: It is about $28 million. And when you think about it, normalize on a dollar per ton, it's less than $10 per ton to achieve the emissions reductions.
Toby Rice: I don't think there's any elements that are unique here that stand out. I think this is just part of the process to review the deal and concept. I mean, I'd just remind everybody when the FTC issued their second request to us who was back in November. And I think if you just remember what the gas market was like, there was a lot of concerns over a natural gas, what was happening with Europe and peak fear on gas shortages. So I think we took the opportunity to take a closer look, and that's the process that we're going through and are happy that we're in a place where we're confident in getting this in close within the next 30 days.
Toby Rice: Well, I think on the internal side, I mean look at the setup we're delivering to the operations teams, I mean, large-scale, long lateral combo development certainly sets the teams up to knock it out of the park. And that definitely would be considered an internal improved thing that we do that is going to be hard to replicate with other asset bases. But you got to go out there and you got to execute and the teams are doing that. We have very close relationships with our service providers. I think on this run here, there's been a lot of improvements on bit design that the teams have worked with our service providers. So really close relationship and our success is really going to be based on the success of our partnerships, and we've got some great partners on the drilling front and across the operational spectrum. So I'd say probably half of it is internal, and the other half is the great working relationship we have with our service providers.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean when I step back and you look at the – I mean we've sort of gotten past the step change in operational efficiencies. It's more of a slow grind and the factors that are ultimately going to be defining the success of the operation, we sort of pushed past just what specifically we're doing on site at that operation, and it's really external factors that are really influencing things like do we have long laterals ready to drill. What's the land situation look like? And on the completion side, what's the logistics on water and sand. So it's as much as the system that we're creating as it is the actual individual performance. And I think industry has already made the move to recognize that long laterals are the key and how much of that they have and the quality of inventory, I think, is going to be defining characteristics on their efficiency going forward.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everybody, for your time today. We look forward to continuing our strategy to make the energy we produce cheaper, more reliable and cleaner and we'll look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Thank you.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. There's a couple of pieces to that. So when that pipeline comes online and you think about the associated capacity that supports it like Hammerhead, you'll see our rates step up on the transportation side. But at the same time, that triggers a gathering rate reduction and we'll access more premium markets. And so net-net, as we've talked about before, that should really net the impact out. I think as you look through the end of the decade and you look at some of the expansion projects that are in play that Williams and others are talking about right now, our expectation is that, that market we deliver to through MVP at Station 65 will start to trade more like that Transco Zone 5 market. So if you look at what Cal 25 looks like in the basis markets today, Station 165 trades about $0.40 back and that Zone 5 market trades at a better about $1 premium to NYMEX. And so it's going to be an evolution of that market as those downstream projects are built out, but that's what we're looking forward to really in the years ahead. And I think that capacity – the value of it will increase each year that goes by.
Jeremy Knop: The way we've talked about this historically is having that 1.2 Bcf a day of supply into that Gulf Coast market today. We will use a portion of that to sell into international markets, but we haven't necessarily set any sort of guidance range like you described around it. I think we'll be opportunistic depending on the facility depending on what the market provides us. Long term, I think we'd like to increase capacity to the extent it makes sense, but within a proper risk-adjusted framework.
Jeremy Knop: John, I think just to add to that from more of a financial perspective too, if you look at that water system we built out, we spent about $80 million doing that. And today, that's generating savings of about $20 million a year. So think about that as like a 25% free cash flow yield. And that's something that – it's not like a well that declines, it's durable. It's got longevity to it for the next 10 to 15 years. Some of the other projects we've looked at recently, one of which we highlighted when we announced that Tug Hill acquisition, was additional pipeline connectivity throughout the basin. We're seeing similar sorts of returns on those projects at kind of a mid-20% free cash flow yield. The more projects like that we can find to reinvest capital into the more value we think we can create both through reinvesting and compounding but also just improving the base quality of the business. So it's something we're focused on. We've got the operational teams looking around trying to find more opportunities to reinvest cash flow like that. But I mean, those are two examples just to make it a little more tangible.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So let me answer it this way. Getting these deals in place is a multi-step process. Signing the HOA is the first step in that. As we look forward to the next steps it comes down to getting a binding agreement in place based on those HOA terms. And then following up on that with that sales and purchase agreement, a collar structure is what comes into play as part of that sales and purchase agreement. So it's a little premature to give too much clarity around that at the time. But you're right that, that is still our intention.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So there's a couple of dynamics at play. And when we look at the market going forward, we try to get a sense for – well, it's hard to predict price exactly. We try to get a sense for where the SKU is. And so when you look at where storage is today heading into this winter in the first half of 2024, we feel like there's pretty equal upside, downside SKU. And so that's why you've seen us lean a little bit more into swaps, even though it's something we're generally trying to deemphasize in the past. Unless we see strong cost SKU in the options market, it's hard to feel good about leaning into those. But really near-term because that we would like to derisk our debt repayment goals and so as we get towards the back half of 2024 and into 2025, where that upside is just so much more asymmetrically skewed, but is not yet reflected in the options market or in the future strip. We want to remain patient there and hedging more near-term allows us to do that. So look, it doesn't mean we're not going to hedge 2025 at some point, but we think where the market sits today, it's far off from where really it should be. And as you think about how the market might trade as you get into 2024, I think most market participants and analysts see that how 2025, 2026 market is getting especially tight as you see that demand ramp for at least – ramp in nameplate capacity of LNG, but the market obviously trades the season ahead. And so I think as you get towards next summer, and the market starts looking at winter 2024, 2025 and a lot of that demand ramp, unless you have a step change really increase in production at the same time. I think the market will look increasingly tight, and that will probably start getting reflected next summer and probably a much more asymmetric way. And so I think we're trying to be patient at this point in time and not be in a position where we need to really defensively hedge and take away that upside, which is what I think a lot of our investors are looking for in the market today.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So you're right that really while this deal has been pending, our focus has been to be opportunistic tactically, but really accumulate cash ahead of closing. So until closing happens, I think you can expect us to continue doing the same thing. After the acquisition closes, I think you should really expect, until we meet our debt targets, to really pursue the same strategy, which is weighted towards debt repayment. And then tactically, when we see dislocations in the market lean into that buyback. But I think the concept of a formulaic programmatic buyback. It's just a long-term strategy. It's something you'll see us probably shy away from at least near-term. I think we like to be more tactical in how we approach that, especially in an industry that is inherently always cyclical, both from a macro standpoint and even a weather-driven standpoint. We think there'll be continued opportunities to create outsized value for patients just like we've done to date.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So that $0.15 that we talked about associated with the deal. That's all pre-synergies. This kind of as a rule of thumb. We don't like to include synergies and just our base guidance. So think when we announced Tug Hill, we were talking about $80 million a year of total synergies. We haven't been able to refine that just due to some gun jumping laws around just this FTC process. But that's all incremental upside to the guidance we've given, that $0.15 and even that rate of return that we talked about on that existing West Virginia water system we already built.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. We see most of those projects as more demand pull back rather than supply push. So we don't anticipate needing to take out contracted capacity, but those are important for just the long-term development of that station 165 market.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. Toby, I wanted to get a follow-up on your comments on your expectation that you could close the deal with Tug Hill in the next 30 days I mean, do you contemplate any changes to the original agreement. And so I just wanted a sense is if you close in 30 days, do you expect it to be consistent with the original terms signed with Tug Hill.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow-up, Toby, you started the call talking about a lot of efficiency gains on the drilling and completion side. And then obviously, you have the MACH3 program, which is underway, excluding any kind of impacts from service cost tailwinds next year, how should we be thinking about capital efficiency of next year's program, just given some of the benefits, efficiency gains that you highlighted this morning.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And I also want to pass on my regards to Dave, good luck in retirement. Great working with you over these years.
