Randy Crawford: Well, with respect to the pricing, we haven’t seen a great deal of softening in the market from that standpoint, but in terms of the projects, EQT is working towards, we continue to be on time, on budget with our Sunrise expansion and in building up the infrastructure that connect to the plant. And as Dave alluded to we are looking in the interim to other options as well to move, to get our gas process.
Randy Crawford: Well, Anne, this is Randy. From what we can see right now, we have the adequate mix to mixed the dry to meet our pipeline specs and so as we said previously we'll make the decision whether it take the ethane based on economic conditions not on pipeline quality issue.
Randy Crawford: Well, our commercial arrangement at MarkWest provides the option that they would extract the ethane and move it.
Randy Crawford: Yeah so really the fact what it means it would take from that plant and would really just I think shift the whole thing up to their one of the fractionation facilities. So really that infrastructure already exists. It just a question on making the determination that it's economical to extract the ethane.
David Porges: We are obviously going to see average gathering rates decline even in the constant cost environment just as the mix continues to move towards the Marcellus, but we've mentioned in the past that the unit rates for Marcellus are roughly half that for Huron. So, as the mix keeps moving we will continue to see average declines even without a – because of mix change along.
David Porges: What we are shifting to the extent that we can obviously we only get the uplift and this is true for everybody goes not just does. We only get the uplift when you're actually able to extract enough of the liquids. We get a certain amount of the uplift just from the so called JT skids for you. But the mainly design just give you a pipeline quality gas of its, I guess the tastes where that can put you over into that making it more economic that I'm more prolific dry gas well. But what we're really focusing on more is the ability to link the development program with the processing capability. So, we're moving in that direction as much as we – as much as we can, but we are marrying the production activities with the Midstream activities.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Sort of the delay in the MarkWest plant kind of I guess to a certain extent limit your ability to really focus a little bit more efforts in those areas.
David Porges: Just one company, I mean, we talked about one company, that's one plant in North and West Virginia, but more broadly yes, we are as we look ahead, we are looking at making sure that we can as we said that we can continue to focus on both the areas that are more liquid rich amongst our acreage as well as the once that are more prolific, which really needs the dry gas so that are – that have the best economic.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, if memory serves me that plant specifically with MarkWest that we are referring to is a $100 million a day.
David Porges: Well, as we keep growing, we'll need more and more and that's we and we are currently working on and you are well into development what those alternatives are to keep processing more than the 120.
David Porges: We are not concerned about that overtime. The issue is when plants coming, it can move things by a quarter here and there, that's the issue, it's the near-term cash flow forecast, not the longer term strategy that gets impacted.
David Porges: Yeah. We certainly continue to look at ways to improve cost structure and of course before I alluded to production, but the same thing is to a midstream continuing to improve cost structure. I am not sure I feel comfortable getting into the things that are simply in the development stage because we often look at different alternatives and yet test them out, you see what works and doesn’t.Michael Hall – Robert W. Baird: Got it. And I guess the other one is, have you reviewed or do you continue to review your legacy assets for any sort of Utica exposure I know in the past expense likely to just be in a dry windows. Is there any indication as we can better understand the windows potentially some wet gas and that as well or is there no real change there? Thanks.
David Porges: Not really, I mean maybe there is, but really hadn’t been much change, but we haven't quietly spent too much on focusing on that. The large part of those, which is also deeper in Pennsylvania than it is in Ohio. So, our approach on the Utica is still pretty much what it was for our Pennsylvania acreage, which is – there is going to come a time where it make sense to drill down basically from the same pads that were using for the Marcellus. Because that will obviously involve an improved cost structure to be able to use all the same pads and well roads and compressor stations, etcetera. So, that will be settled – when we get to that point time that will show cost structure improvements too.Michael Hall – Robert W. Baird: Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you very much.
David Porges: On the price side I just generally speaking say that it the areas where it's kind of a gray area whether it makes sense or not. They tend to look better when prices go up. So, yeah, I mean, if you look at this is – if you want to look at any company as say one thing that would have been if there is a more than you say it's almost if there is the call options embedded price – long call options on gas price. We cannot to really factor that into much in the hedging because that's, I mean such a long – there is a longer term play. But you're right it does – it does suggest if prices are higher that you had more exposure. So, you may that is true, but I don’t know I said we formally corporate that where when we are looking at our hedging strategy. For the most part, the hedging strategy is designed not to pick prices, but to make sure in the cash flow state a reasonable level. So, that we can optimally size our business, right, so, we are at the cash flows don’t get jerked around so much that you're constantly trying to get fewer rigs or more rigs, fewer crews or more crews.
David Porges: Well, generally, just ballpark we are typically within more of a five-year strip, but if the price – I think you'd say in theory and we do try to apply some of this. But you try to hedge not to guess prices, but when certainty about price would alter the behavior or when uncertainty about price would alter the behavior. So, I wouldn’t say that we don’t take returns into our account back. I’d say if there is projects were buy, it’s an attractive investment if prices are at the current level, but prices decline it's not attractive anymore, but that's the time we say yes, best decision is to go ahead and make the investment, but also hedge.
David Porges: No, but I think a lot of hedging is that, right it's more or like, I guess it's expected utility as suppose to expected value is what we’re looking at. It’s kind of the same as what you’re looking at the life insurance, right? So nobody buys life insurance hoping that it pays off.
David Porges: Yeah again, we do think that we need to be structuring our business and what we pursue is for investment opportunities with a relatively conservative gas price in mind, not to say this one is influenced by the current storage situation. But that – it’s getting more economical to drill for natural gas at least in our base in the Marcellus, but I guess, we can see the other bases and we need to bear that in mind what we’re forecasting our dividends.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yeah. Well, we continue to really feel good about the results we are seeing with the new frac techniques specifically in the more brittle areas like we talked about. I think roughly 44% of our program this year we expect to use the new technique. And I think that benefits pretty well from the reduced service costs we are seeing. So, that’s been a big benefit as well that the cost for that new technique could come down along with the overall costs.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well, I think we still believe that it’s going to be location specific based on the brittleness of the rock. And our current estimate is that for 2012, 44% of our 132 wells will use that technique.
Steve Schlotterbeck: In some of the cases, in certain pricing environment, it doesn't make sense and other pricing environment it does make more sense. So, depending on where natural gas prices go, there is kind of a gray area either somewhere it just seems that it basically always make sense. Others were basically seems that it never make sense so, on some place where it's little bit more sensitive to current economics. So, you can see that percentage moving up of that. Though, I would say and I think I look at the things that folks are doing. They keep working on ways to come up with the optical completion technique for each of those – for each of the areas on which we are working, whether it's the tighter spacing, which again we've been talking about for a – that's what we are talking about now, we talk about (specs) that's what we've been talking about for the last year and a half or thereabout or other techniques.
Phil Conti: At the end of the first quarter by the way, I'm sorry, $7.45 was at the end of the first quarter.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, okay, $7.45, thanks guys.
Phil Conti: Yeah, I mean, maybe we are – we have a firm right to a $120 million a day of that plant and MarkWest is putting in a larger plant and we are in discussions with them and others about additional. I would reference on capacity on the plate as well though that as we said before we've been proactive with adding a $100 million a day of capacity. We'll have a total of $100 million out of our Dodgeridge County and at the year end at our other wet area and that's another $100 million a day and with our Sunrise project, we've adequate residue gas to move that gas to market. So, we had been proactive in doing that and when the plant comes on, we're going to be prepared to move the product going forward. So, as they believe we're working toward getting additional processing capacity at this time.
Phil Conti: On the first part, cost for the new frac – the additional cost per well is about $1.2 million for the 5,300 feet and that's down from $1.4 million previously.
