Steven Schlotterbeck: Neal, this is Steve. Specifically on the cost increases, I think what we're seeing mostly is a lot of for contracts that we put in place a year or two ago, I think we were able to get it below market prices. Some of those are rolling off and we're currently in the process now of putting in place new contracts with our suppliers and we're seeing some cost increases. The biggest one we're seeing is in our pumping services, which is looking at about 14% increase over what we have been seeing. Most of the other services are a little bit less than that, but still look like there's going to be an increase. So that's what's driving the cost increase for us. One thing that I do want to stress about the cost that we quote for our wells, the cost that the quote include the cost of building, the locations, to drill and complete the wells obviously as well as to install the production facilities and well lines. So that cost is inclusive of all the on-site activities that we do. So that's pretty much what's driving it.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Well, the 6.7 million per 5300 foot lateral is for our standard frac design, so not with the new frac design. I think as we put our capital budgets together in December, we will be –, well at that point we will disclose how many of the new frac design versus the standard we're likely to do next year.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think that's exactly right. The thing to keep in mind with – especially with the timing related to the multi-well pads we drilled, 24 volumes will be driven probably more so by 2011 drilling than it will be by 2012 drilling. So you have to be careful about connecting the two too closely.
David Porges: The timing has not changed. The only thing I added on timing was the urgency for us in making a decision is to make sure that we were able to implement, by the time we get into next year.
David Porges: I mean with these things you have to with all of them you have to make a decision and then there is a certain amount of time involved with implementing them and actually getting the from our perspective of course implementing meaning, getting the cash in the door.
David Porges: Well, you folks can probably look at the existing circumstances where companies have MLPs and JVs and reaches reasonable conclusion about how those things work. And I wouldn't say anything that we would do and that type of area would be any different from what you normally observe.
David Porges: Yes, I can't give you much additional data because we are still gathering data and studying it and as I've said all along it is going to take quite some time to be definitive on this. I think as we mentioned before, we generally are seeing higher initial rates. The decline curves we have seen so far for the most part are encouraging and along the lines of what we expected to see. Maybe the one bit of color I can provide at this point is and it still even preliminary for this but –. Our current thinking is it's likely that we are going to find areas where the new technique is clearly beneficial from an economic standpoint, I think we're going to find some areas where it just doesn't meet our economic thresholds, certainly at current prices and obviously that threshold moves as gas prices move. And then I think there's going to be some areas where it's going to take quite a bit more time for us to really define where it falls on the economic spectrum. So that is sort of our current thinking on that but I really can't give you any more data right now.
David Porges: Yes, actually, I think our backlog in terms of frac stages has been pretty levelled from prior quarters to this quarter. So we're not seeing much movement, I think that sort of – that's what we expect to see. It's pretty lumpy with multiple well pads. We are drilling. We currently have two frac crews working currently. And that is sufficient for us to be able to keep up with our needs for now. We do have plans to bring a third crew in, probably mid next year at some point when we need them, but we are not building a backlog for back of pumping services.
David Porges: The issue that we have got in providing updated guidance if you will on third-quarter is that our normal approach which we are sticking with this year is to go to our board for capital budget in early December. So at this point we're really just talking about the stuff we have looked at. The reason we haven't really given an update is we don’t really have a budget yet. So I think it's a little – I mean, (inaudible) rough idea of what that would involve as far as how many well we drill. But do bear in mind that in the Marcellus there is quite a lag involved. And the 2012 budget, capital budget, has a rather muted effect on 2012 volumes. But I'm happy to really comment –
David Porges: I'm not sure – but again you know our target was to make sure by the time we are actually making decisions on the budget, that we would have – we have reached the firmer position on that and not trying to put you off, but you know we’re – that's again that something that we spent most in November pulling that stuff together. From our perspective, we are still on that same schedule.
David Porges: I think we're going to pass on that for now, mostly because we don't have sufficient number of wells with 12 month worth of production yet. So most of the data we're working with is still pretty early in the wells life. So, I think, we're not going to not comment on that right now.
David Porges: Well, I didn’t say a financial partner. And I also want to make clear that those are not necessarily distinct approaches. You could conceivably combine our joint venture and MLP. The real thing that we focused on is that we do want to pursue this opportunity, we want to reach a specific decision on it quickly so that we can implement, meaning not just close but get cash in the door, you know, by mid-2012 or there about, which means, that we do need to be reaching closure on it pretty quick. And frankly in laying out some of the stuff that we are interested in, you know, that hopefully gives the market a better idea of the kind of characteristics that we are looking for as we look through this, which is the certain amount of control. But we also need low cost of capital. You know, that’s a big, it’s not just availability of capital that we like through a separate entity, it’s lower cost of capital.
David Porges: Well, separate entity. And at this point all we know about the possibility to separate entity, if you look around, and I am talking about specific to midstream are joint ventures and MLPs. So those when we focus on studying these, those are the things that we are focused on. But we are aware that there is other, you know, these clever folks out there in the marketplace and if one of them hears about the objectives that we have and says, “We got a way to give you a lot of inexpensive money and meet your objectives” in some other way then that’s fine for us too.
David Porges: Well, the only emphasis that I was putting, kind of new emphasis on timing is that we have to make a decision around year end, so that we can actually start getting money in the door to pursue some of this and to make sure that we are not diverting money, as we have been frankly, from development into midstream. So it isn’t just a magic number, I am making a decision. I mean, around here the real goal is get the cash in the door. We need to get the cash in the door and the only way that’s going to happen is to make a decision quickly.
David Porges: Yes, it’s basically the same. It’s just that we are recognizing that it’s possible that if you look at MLPs or joint ventures, they could either be distinct or they could be together. What we have really talked about before, the two changes that we have made is, we intend to (inaudible) MLP and JV together before and now we are saying they could be together, they could be separable. And the other thing is we have said the other two alternatives that we have looked for instance, particularly build, fill, sell – that doesn’t look to be as suitable for what we are trying to accomplish as a separate entity would be.
David Porges: So, that’s I guess – so as we dive down into one alternative you windup seeing the different aspects of that alternative if you will.
David Porges: It’s a sufficient amount of control, I don’t want to presume what – there is LP unit holders have rights of course, but it’s enough control for us. And actually that’s the only reason I had mentioned kind of stopped you as far as just a financial partner. I could easily imagine working with a strategic partner where we have a sufficient amount of control over the stuff that matters to us, which is the timing, location and size of the facilities. So, yes, it’s certainly conceivable but we would operate, we would be with strategic who would say we will bend towards your control concerns sufficiently to meet EQTs needs.
David Porges: So, at the end of course it’s like the best value and it’s very hard to speculate you know what’s the best value until, at the time we announced a decision you can be confident that that’s what we think is the best value for us all in.
David Porges: Yes, the big mover is the pumping services, which is the biggest cost we have in drilling and completing a well. It is also the area that is seeing the biggest percentage cost increase. So, it’s really driven by the fracing cost.
David Porges: Yes. Yes, we would rather have cash in the door on an ongoing basis but if somebody at J. P. Morgan just wants to write us a really big cheque and then we have to swear house it, I am sure we can make that work too.
David Porges: That’s true. It would most likely be in the existing midstream assets. It’s just that – from what we observed, these are just observations now. When the other MLPs you have periodic dropdowns and you get cash from that. In some of the joint venture approaches it seems like you could do the same thing or there is circumstances where somebody comes in low and winds up buying their way up. So, you don’t actually get cash in the door subsequently, but you no longer invest your own cash in the midstream. So, effectively it’s bringing up cash, but it’s because, perhaps the construction is going other side of the entity.
David Porges: If I am leading you to believe that I am leaning either towards the JV or towards the MLP I did not mean to. I am open minded about those. To me it’s a big deal that we have said it’s got to be a separate entity. We need to make a decision quick because we want to be able to close this thing, no matter how complex it is and get cash on the door within a matter of months.
David Porges: I haven’t really focused. I mean, I guess the odds are that that would be the case because it’s – if it’s a separate entity it probably would.
David Porges: I expect to make an announcement once we get – once it’s the appropriate time to make an announcement.
David Porges: No, not necessary because we are not going to spend money that we don’t have. We are not going to spend money we don’t have. So, we have to have contingence stuff in the budget that is fine. What I like to have a decision made sooner rather than late, by the time of the budget sure, but we need to go through the process in a kind of combined thoroughness and speed.
David Porges: No, I don’t believe so. What I meant to communicate with that is that, that type of structure would not be inconsistent with that. That, we would not want to enter into a transaction that took that off the table.
David Porges: The Swiss cheesing thing the concern was that if you just saw little pieces here and there, our stake of this system and the stake in that system, then you kind of taking that off the table. So, not only though have we – we have not as I mentioned before, we have not made any of those kinds of decisions but we don’t want to implicitly make the decision because of how we go about dealing with midstream time around. We just want to make sure that we are not unwillingly taking such structural alternatives off the table. And we will be mindful of that.
David Porges: I wouldn’t say that there is a specific bottleneck. Now it just didn’t seem like the, obviously these growth rates always do put some stress on midstream as we mentioned before. It was more that it just didn’t feel like it was inappropriate. Well, it didn’t seem like it was that big a deal though to take a look at the guidance and we are getting pretty close to the end of the year. We gave a range; we basically just kind of tightened it.
David Porges: No, I would think that eventually we moved towards the bulk of the Marcellus operation midstream moving towards that separate entity.
David Porges: We are constantly looking at those things. Eventually, we are going to have to do more. I mean, our attitude here back when we started looking at the processing plant at Big Sandy, of course lot of folks talked to us about midstream and we said we are focused on the processing plant in Big Sandy first and we’ll get to that. And that’s kind of the attitude that we have – I’ve got on the some of the other stuff you are talking about now is, you are absolutely right, we are going to have to do that too. And, we are doing as much as we think we can handle at any one time to sort through the various alternatives but absolutely we cannot let opportunities sit there and not take full advantage. We have to figure out ways to extract more value from others of those assets, it just happens that the midstream is the number one priority as we talk here on October 27th.
David Porges: Unless you want a free economic, I mean we are not aiming for, we are trying to solve for the highest possible growth rate in volumes. We are aiming for the highest possible shareholder value.
David Porges: Well, I think any additional demand certainly has the potential to drive our pricing up. We haven’t seen any issues with that in particular, I think the crews we have are dedicated to us. So they are not going anywhere. The rigs we have are under contract and are going to leave our service. So in terms of access to the services, I don’t see any problems in terms of whether that affects the market through pricing for those services. Obviously, more activity in a neighbouring play could have that.
David Porges: We are not going to – actually part of the delicacy of course is, there is only a certain amount of detail that we really feel comfortable providing on any of that, that’s why we are focusing on the philosophical questions. So I just assume that.
David Porges: I hope you can be pretty sure, and that’s going to be difficult it’s just – I don’t want to just bleed out the one piece of information and another piece of information.
Phillip Conti: Still not sure, I quite understand, but there is a lot of factors that go into where we drill at any given time. A lot of it is driven by really two factors, one land. So we want to drill as many wells from a location as we can to get the economies of the multi-well pad drilling. So, we wait until a pad has got the bulk of its wells ready to go before we move a rig. So that dictates a little bit and we also strongly prefer to drill where we are going to move the gas immediately. So, targeting our rigs to go to the areas where the capacity is ready to go is probably the primary dictator where we put our rigs. And that changes over time. So, if you take a snapshot at any given time, we might have a lot of rigs in Tier-1 or we might have most of our rigs in Tiers 2 or 3. It’s what’s going to get us the most – the best return for our investment in any given time.Phillip Jungwirth – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Phillip Conti: No, I say it is, the main reason that it is difficult is, in the Marcellus region there is so much interrelationship between these systems, technically. Certainly, as we talk with about South Western Pennsylvania and Northern West Virginia that to get the best out of build, fill, sell you have to be prepared to hold auctions on individual systems one at a time, even if they wind up being related to each other. And, then you wind up with a circumstance rather you are going to sacrifice on price, on a say a second asset, so that you can have the same entity owning a couple of related assets or you’ve got the risk of operational inefficiencies because you are dealing with so many different owners. It would be a lot easier we’ve concluded. And frankly, the value seems to be there to just have a separate a single separate entity.
Phillip Conti: Well if it’s related to us that’s fine, if it’s not related to us, we are going to run into more of the problems that from what we hear a lot other producers run into which is midstream companies operating completely independently, typically do not want to build the systems out until they know exactly how much volume is going to fill them.
Phillip Conti: And they will design those systems, so that they can maximize understandably maximized returns for themselves.
Phillip Conti: I think that’s a combination of, you‘d have to a certain contractual relationship that travels along with the control. And if you are saying if there is a combination of contractual terms and price that would convince us, if that make sense absolutely.
Phillip Conti: Look the most attractive pricing out there seems to be back. I have not yet seen that doing the whole thing results in a one-time sale or have a contract, actually results, and is good economics, as you see in those other alternatives. And I – guess that that’s probably the reason that you generally speaking seen companies in similar situations to us, either enter into joint ventures or enter into form of MLPs. And of course once you finish much of the build out, then that’s – that doesn’t matter anymore.
Phillip Conti: We don’t get any capital from a split.Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: Got it. Got it, okay. So, okay, great. Thank you very much.
