Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points. One, we believe the U.S. has a tremendous opportunity and responsibility to provide energy security to our allies while concurrently addressing global emissions associated with foreign coal, and this can only be done by unleashing U.S. LNG. Two, as the largest natural gas producer in the U.S. with a multi-decade core inventory, investment-grade balance sheet and the largest base of responsibly sourced gas, EQT will play a key role in meeting both domestic and global natural gas demand growth for the foreseeable future. And three, the recent rise in the natural gas curve is likely structural in nature, and EQT’s shareholders are well positioned to benefit on the back of the cost structure and balance sheet improvements we've achieved over the past several years. The shallowing of our base decline and future gathering rate improvements should drive an additional 10% reduction in our breakeven NYMEX price through 2027. And then four, lastly, we are aggressively executing upon our capital allocation framework and our updated free cash flow outlook underscores the material flexibility we have to expand shareholder returns over time. I'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Toby Rice: Yes, Arun. So there's been a tremendous amount of demand that we've fielded here at EQT over the past few months. I'd say what EQT can offer with some of the contracts that we're looking at right now is to reduce the exposure for these international buyers to -- with the volatility that they're experiencing right now. I think some of the contract structures that we're looking at is to provide a collar type structure for these international buyers. And obviously, it's going to be something that respects where [TTF] is right now, but I think going longer term, I think, just gives us exposure to rising prices but provides the international buyers -- allows them to avoid the blowout. Because that's really the part that really hurts their countries and their economies, is these really significant pricing swings that they're experiencing right now.
Toby Rice: Yes. While the current environment has certainly given us even more ability to return more capital to shareholders, that's very exciting, I think one thing that will be consistent is our approach towards making the best risk-adjusted allocation of this capital. So listen, I mean, this is -- the environment is constantly changing, but we still see a tremendous opportunity in our stock and that looks to be like a -- continues to be a priority in addition to accelerating the paydown of our debt. So I'd say we're going to continue to assess the landscape, but that will be our guiding principle. It's just making the best risk-adjusted return for our shareholders.
Toby Rice: Yes, Holly, I think calling out sort of the biggest opposition against natural gas and really hydrocarbons in general is really we need to see a shift in the general sentiment and a differentiation that natural gas is -- should not be lumped in as -- with coal and just be called a fossil fuel. I think that there's a couple of things going on that people need to be aware of. One, emissions around the world are rising. Two, emissions in the United States are dropping. And three, the conclusion people need to take is, it's not really -- people need to understand that it doesn't really matter what we do in the United States because we've dropped the emissions here, but emissions around the world are still rising. And so this zero-carbon solution-only mentality needs to shift towards a any decarbonization opportunity needs to be considered and put on the playing field. And we are starting to hear those signals, specifically from John Kerry, to say that natural gas has -- is a decarbonizing tool. That's incredibly encouraging to hear. I think that message is going to start bleeding out into the -- to be a more common, practical mentality. And when you see that, then you'll -- I think we'll be able to start seeing the doors open on policies that will encourage and fast track the pipelines and LNG facilities that we need to build. We are fortunate that there is a tremendous amount of demand for this for international LNG. It's just really about having a framework that allows us to build these pipelines and LNG facilities faster than ever before. And I think the mentality shift towards decarbonizing projects like Unleash U.S. LNG is the key to really putting these plans in motion.
Toby Rice: Yes. Yes. And Holly, listen, I mean, I think you're going to start seeing -- I mean what we're doing right now is really just changing the -- is putting an environmental-centric approach justification on why natural gas should be utilized in the energy transition to decarbonize the world. This will change. There'll be specific policy requests. There will be specific projects to fast track. And when those projects get put on the table, then we'll have things specifically that we talk about and both the political support and financial support to make those projects a reality. But right now, we really just want to make the case of natural gas and unleashing U.S. LNG's biggest green initiative on the planet. It's the key towards providing energy security for the world. And getting people behind that idea and knowing that the projects will fall and we'll be able to have request-specific support on those as they come up.
Toby Rice: Yes, Neal, I mean we're sticking to maintenance mode. We've been pretty vocal about this. Without more pipelines, the prudent thing for us to do is to continue to stay in a maintenance mode. So that's been our mentality in the past, it's our mentality until we start getting some more pipelines put in. And everybody knows, MVP is a pipeline project that is still currently being imposed. And in this pricing environment, with these conflicts going on around the world, we've got to be asking our questions, what can we do as leaders in this country to facilitate this project and get this project built because America needs it, the world needs it. And we hope that people will look at this as one clear thing that people can do to address some of the issues that Americans are facing today with high prices. And people around the world are looking at the United States to get more access to more natural gas.
Toby Rice: Yes, that's very accurate to say, Neal. I think when you think about -- I mean, the biggest factor I think people are looking at in industry in general is just service cost inflation, and that's something that we factor into our forecast. But one thing I would like to highlight is the innovation that's taking place here at EQT are evolve the well design concept that we're putting out right now. This will have the potential impact to mitigate service cost inflation. So that's not baked into our forecast now, but that's an upside that would address, I think, what people's large concerns are on well costs going forward.
Toby Rice: Yes. Consistent with what others are saying, we're seeing impacts on steel and labor. Sand is a big factor across industry, especially in the Permian. You've seen -- getting access to sand supply, the costs have gone up. But for EQT, with our sand supply agreements, we're not seeing much inflation on that front. Our challenge is more on the labor side and getting that sand to location. So things like drivers is an area that we're looking to get some more horsepower into the system that way. So that's where we see the inflation really.
Toby Rice: Yes, Josh, I mean, that's a great question. It's something that -- the question that we ask ourselves every day as we look at the strip, I mean, going out past '23 into '24 through '26. Gas price is around $4, which if you looked at us 2 years ago and said, guys like that, we'd be hedging that all day long. But I think just looking at the macro today and the fact that we've just got a significant underinvestment in energy, the world is energy short. I think we're a little bit more patient from being -- being aggressive on locking in these prices. I mean if these -- unless something changes, there's a lot more reason to think that these prices will be sustained higher than sort of where they're at today, and there's room. Now that being said, there's always weather risk. So I mean, we have to balance all these things as we're looking. But yes, certainly, it's a really exciting setup for natural gas and the value creation potential from EQT.
Toby Rice: Yes, I think a couple of things for everybody to look at. Number one, netback pricing that we're able to get with these types of contracts. And then the second part is if we do make investment, what are the returns on those investments in LNG. We've got a lot of value to bring to the table, looking at doing more on the LNG side, both in the robust supply that we can bring to the table to help support getting these projects to FID. And then also on the demand side, being America's largest natural gas producer, naturally international buyers are calling EQT directly, so we can help on that front as well. You throw in the fact that we're investment grade balance sheet, throw in the fact that we've got the cleanest energy on the -- I'd say, on the planet from a methane intensity perspective, there is an opportunity for us to leverage those tools to get some pretty differentiated terms and create more value for our shareholders with this LNG strategy.
Toby Rice: Yes. So if you're asking for like what are some specific things that would symbolize that we are green light on unleashing U.S. LNG and moving towards that -- realizing the potential of American LNG for 50 Bcf a day, I mean I think we're starting to see the signs of it right now with people that have been very, very strict on only promoting zero-carbon solutions. I think to see that people are now admitting that natural gas is decarbonizing is the first sign. We're going to be coming up with some more projects here at EQT, working with the players on the downstream side of things in the LNG. But I think that's where you'll see some -- a little bit more tangible steps being made there. But really, the political signal right now is just incredibly important, not just for the regulators to help facilitate the -- and get to a place where it takes us longer to -- I mean the ultimate goal here is to get to a place where it takes us longer to build something than it does to permit but -- and also influencing the public sentiment so that Americans understand that more natural gas flowing, more energy flowing through the pipelines of America, underwritten by unleashing U.S. LNG, is going to provide a tremendous amount of energy security here in the United States and having that amount of natural gas on standby is what's going to keep energy prices the lowest in the world for Americans.
Toby Rice: Yes, John, I think just at a very high level, just recognizing that our production guidance is -- hasn't changed and CapEx is sort of still hasn't changed as well, you're going to see normal fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, but would point you to the high level, staying consistent. Some of the things that we've seen. One, on the sand hauling, has been some tightness. We've added some new technology that gives a little bit more flexibility to the driver pool. So there's -- in addition to just using pneumatic trucks, we are using some other technology that will give us access to a greater supply of trucks and easier for the drivers to go out there and bring sand to location. So that's one thing that is consistent. We've raised prices a little bit on the sand hauling front, that's attracted more labor. So the sand issues that we were dealing with have largely been mitigated going forward. And that really logistically has probably been one of the biggest constraints, holding back our completions team from being wide open. But that was a focus in the first quarter, I feel like what we've done is -- has given us a lot of confidence that that's been -- that's an issue that -- the debottleneck has been relieved.
Toby Rice: Yes. So it's going to be picking up second quarter and the back half of the year. And just as a reminder, I mean, what we're doing is making some changes to the completion design. I mean, what we're looking to improve is just the completion efficiency across the lateral. So we look at data. We think that we're stimulating about 60% of the wellbore effectively. And if we can change the completion design and get an extra 10% completion effectiveness, well, that could have the benefit of increasing our productivity almost 15%. So that's what we're looking at, we're targeting. And we're on track to get early indications by end of '22 and more firm indications on the total effectiveness by '23.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think understanding our ultimate prize that we're looking for here at EQT is to get exposure to international markets. And we want to make sure we have the flexibility to enter into the contracts that really meet -- that will give us exposure to better realized pricing. One of the ways that we get more flexibility towards accessing those contracts is to take an investment in the LNG facility itself. I think that the other thing we look at, I mean, our company mission here is realize the full potential of EQT. And that's where I think our supply and the demand that we can potentially bring to the table, with the balance sheet, with the environmentally great -- great scores on the environmental front, coupled with our long inventory, are ways that we can hopefully translate those into some what I consider to be differentiated equity investments in these LNG facilities.
Toby Rice: No. I mean Unleash U.S. LNG is going to be the long-term demand signal that this industry needs to see before they think about growth. So these would be sustainable growth opportunities for us. But the difference now versus in the past is we're going to need to see the pipelines, LNG facilities, long-term contracts all lined up. So we've really derisked the -- really derisk sort of the returns that we're looking to generate in addition to making sure that we're not throwing the supply-demand fundamentals out of whack. And Unleash U.S. LNG is a really great opportunity to bring sustainable growth back to this industry. And listen, I mean, it's -- we're not talking about a significant amount of growth for this industry to meet the targets that we've laid out. It's less than 10% growth a year, we can get to 50 Bcf a day as an industry. And I think we can do that very sustainably backed by long-term contracts to make sure we can preserve the type of returns that our shareholders are expecting and, quite frankly, deserve.
Toby Rice: Yes, great question. So the RSG deal we did with Bloom Energy was something -- I think they approached us, which is great to see. I mean being out there in front of the environmental benefits of natural gas has led to a lot of calls like this. There's been a lot of interest in EQT molecules specifically. But listen, I think what's really exciting about the future of this is, people -- Bloom Energy is a company leveraging fuel cells to promote the responsible consumption of natural gas. Fuel cells naturally will lower the emissions of user and provide reliable energy at attractive cost. So there's a lot of people, and this is what we're really excited about, thinking about the fact that natural gas is the cheapest form of energy and reliability as well. What else can we do with natural gas? And so I think you're going to see a lot more demand for natural gas as people really use natural gas as the feedstock for innovation in a lower carbon future. You see other applications on the hydrogen side. There's a lot of -- there's a lot of innovation taking place on hydrogen. Again, that's going to be another follow-on opportunity for natural gas as feedstock in EQT. And I think it's just really exciting to see that people are looking for new creative ways to create demand for low-carbon natural gas. 
Toby Rice: Thank you. It certainly is an exciting time in natural gas. But I think one thing that's really driving EQT is knowing that there's a lot of issues that the world is dealing with, and we want to be a solution provider. And every day we're working hard to make sure that we address these issues and help provide energy security to the world while also helping arresting climate change. So it's going to be a big driving factor for us going forward, this continued commitment to making the world a better place. So thank you, everybody, for your support.
David Khani: Yes. So if you think about it a year ago, what we were focusing on our capital allocation plan was all about debt reduction. And now we have a much broader array of opportunity sets to think about and how we invest our capital. So I guess the positives and the challenges are, we need to make sure we have the broadest opportunity set that generates the greatest rate of return for the investors, whether it's buybacks, dividends, investing LNG and other infrastructure that generates, we'll call real sustainable on a listed rate of return.
David Khani: Yes. So yes, so I would say, one, as NYMEX goes up, I think you'll see that Appalachia will continue to correlate fairly well. And again, we call it around -- roughly around 80% correlation. Some of the things that will change the correlation and maybe even tighten up the correlation in times will be there's multiple Bcf per day of either pipeline or end market demand, such as coal retirements, the Shell cracker that's coming online in July here. And so you could see -- and I think the basin is not really growing like it did before, it's really moderated. And you could see producers are looking at the end market and they want to participate like with NYMEX. So the discipline with that lack of pipeline is keeping it tighter. So on a broader base, the LNG market is going to continue to be pinned up as Europe needs to be refilled. You have the exports of Mexico. Industrial demand, there's a big arb between U.S. and Europe on gas price. So that's putting, we'll call, upward pressure on demand as well. And then we talked about Northern App coal supply, but the global market has really spent about 60% capital drops in the last 4 or 5 years. So supply will be very, very tight in coal supply, while demand is still growing, unfortunately, from a carbon perspective. So that's going to keep tightness in the power market for the next several years.
David Khani: Yes. I would say it's all of the above right now. We have -- now we're assessing multiple different things out there to see whether investment to contract only. And so we have -- obviously, we have a large amount of free cash flow in front of us to think about how do we generate the right rate of return. But we want to make everything we do very sustainable. And so the contracts will be very easy thing to do. Investing in a facility comes with really some great opportunities there but also big projects and you have to think through that. So there's a lot of things we're looking at right now.
David Khani: Yes. And the other thing, Josh, is we might be hedging effectively by some of the LNG contracts that we do.
David Khani: Yes. So, first of all, every free cash flow number we give you, whether it's the near term or the long term, has the impacts of cash taxes. So just so you know. And so when you see the, call it, the '23 numbers in our deck, you can know that we had that in there. So this year, we have really virtually none. But we're going to probably burn through our NOLs this year, and so we'll start to become more of a cash taxpayer in 2023. We'll give you more guidance on that as we get through this year. It's obviously very sensitive to the commodity price. And as you've seen, natural gas has been really, really volatile. So instead of giving you a number that we know will change probably 20 times between now and then, we'll give you probably more guidance on how to think about the framework of modeling it.
David Khani: Yes. So good question. So I think I'll break it up into 2 pieces. The first part is, with some of our debt trading below par, if we just apply the $1.5 billion, we'll get more than $1.5 billion just from that discount. But I think the second part is, yes, we do see opportunities if we wanted to accelerate over and above the $1.5 billion. We see that, that is clearly an option. So being able to buy back our stock, being able to do -- maybe raising our dividend and accelerating the debt repayment, all 3 things look interesting to us as options along with maybe investing in LNG and other things like that, for sure.
David Khani: Yes. I would say probably 80% to 85% of the benefits really are coming from S&P and Fitch. There's a little bit of a, I’ll call, leftover piece that if Moody's were to upgrade us, we'll get a little bit extra improvement. So -- but as you can see, we're sitting with $2.1 billion of liquidity already. Our letters of credit are going to drop down pretty meaningfully already. And our all rate triggers that we had on our debt have all been reset down to zero effectively. So we've got, I'll call it, the majority of it in place. But it would be nice to see Moody's give us an upgrade and recognize where the balance sheet is.
David Khani: Yes. It will be accrued as income over the agreement, yes. It is -- this would be considered as ordinary income item, yes. And it would just improve -- effectively improve our net realizations is I want to think about it that way.
