Toby Rice: Thanks David. I am very proud of the hard work and results that this team has delivered in such a short period of time despite external challenges. We continue to have constructive dialogue with all of our stakeholders as we set EQT up to be a sustainable and durable E&P business. The direction of the gas production declines combined with the call on gas from increased LNG demand can set us up for a compelling gas price that is not currently reflected in the forward curve. While we are optimistic about the future gas price, we recognized the need to run this business in a sustained low gas price environment. We are fully committed to withstanding commodity lows by aggressively pursuing our cost reductions, improving efficiencies and executing upon our asset sales to improve our balance sheet. With that, I would like to open the call up for questions.
Toby Rice: Sure. So the 535 million is just two components there. There's what I would consider base fee relief of about $300 million. And then there's the fee relief that we get from the exchange of our each reign stake, which we make up the remainder $235 million. And so that's how it's sort of broken out.
Toby Rice: Sure. So, I'd ask you to flip to Slide 18 and I think this sort of shows all of our initiatives and the progress that we've made to-date. We've certainly made some good progress so far with the free cash flow we've been able to generate and the monetization of our ETRN stake. I'm sorry that we get with fee relief. As far as minerals in Ohio, in Ohio, E&P assets go, we see strong interest in those assets. We're in the process right now of collecting feedback from potential parties there. I'd say that the thing that that gives us confidence to the fact that while commodity prices have come down a little bit, the one thing that stays, that hasn't changed is, the assets are still core. And so that gives us some confidence. The other thing is, we've got with our refinancing that we've been able to do, it gives us some more time and I think that time can be used in negotiation to maybe be a little bit more flexible in some terms, if there's any value gaps that we perceived. So, all to say we're able to be a little bit more creative in the deals that we do. And that's sort of what gives us the confidence of being able to reach our goals.
Toby Rice: Yes. Josh, this is Toby. So just to put some more color behind the $150 million that we've reduced from our 2020 budget since our October guidance, the 50 million it was -- was due to operational efficiencies that we outlined in one of our slides. That's just optimizing our base production that allows us to get more production from the existing assets we have which allows us to spend less capital on new activity to replace those volumes. And then the $100 million and we announced that in January, the $100 million is really just a optimization of our schedule. We've taken out some of the slack in our schedule as a result of just getting better confidence in hitting our deadlines. And the other piece which I think is probably more meaningful is just a little bit of shifting of activity and capital allocation. With our ETRN renegotiation we're able to move some of our activity from West Virginia into Pennsylvania, Marcellus, that gives some combos and that obviously the lower cost well site for us to develop. So that's also a portion of the reduction and when we talk about schedule optimization.
Toby Rice: Josh, I think we're looking forward to providing more color to everyone on what our 2021 plans are going to look like. I would say that we are -- with our ETRN renegotiation affords us an opportunity to sort of retool our schedule, understand the well types that we're going to put on the schedule, which will result in the CapEx that we'll be able to report back to you guys.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. On our PDP, we improved -- that has risen and that was partly due to just better performance from some of the wells. So the revisions we had really were on the pud side. I think that was the story that we want to make sure people understood. We're still developing in what we consider to be the core areas that will be where performance will be consistent with the performance we have with our existing PDPs. It's just from just the rules that we are not able to book those as puds. And the other thing I would say is, this is a good example of our commitment to capital efficiency and making the best choices for where we spend our dollars and letting the capital efficiency drive where we spend our dollars, not trying to just book reserves.
Toby Rice: Sure, so we talked sort of high level what our rate structure was around $0.60 as sort of what our legacy gathering costs were and we were saying that market rates were somewhere in the $0.35 to $0.40 range. And so that's -- I think that's what we've been able to achieve with this negotiation with ETRN is we're able to get some near-term fee relief that accelerates the step down into those long-term market rates that we're pretty excited about setting us up for the future low cost aspect of our gathering in this business.
Toby Rice: Sure. In your first question I think we looked at sort of the short-term, the fee relief that we were going to get. Instead of using that as sort of like a normal step rate over time, we were able to shift that to earlier years, which in 2021 is really important for our business. And so that was more of a negotiated point. On the 2024 to 2035, it's really not contingent on us growing volumes I think one thing that is important for us to note and gives us a lot of confidence in this deal is, when you think about MVCs, we have the coverage to meet those MVCs today and that was something that we were thoughtful about pairing that up with our operation schedule with our inventory and making sure that we can deliver the volumes to get these rates and meet our MVCs over time.
Toby Rice: The interesting dynamic here though is, we've set this business up if there was an opportunity to grow with this over run rate concept, we'd be able to deliver those molecules and gathering rates at an over-run rate, which is significantly lower than what the blended rate was shown here on this page.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think that ETRN will certainly provide some more color on their call today on that, but I think we look at -- we will be consistent with 2021, I think some of the fact that the pipe is 90% complete. I think is definitely positive. I think it's a little bit of a unique situation compared to ACP. The ones that we just heard last week would give people indications that the Supreme Court will overrule the Fourth Circuit. With that happening, there will be a direct read through toward resolved and one of MVP's, one of the issues that's keeping MVP from crossing and getting inservice. I think that this pipe is going to get built and we're pegging Jan '21 is our best guess.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, just understand, we do not have a reserve base revolver and so very different, we don't have semi-annual redeterminations and so we're good through let's call it end of July of 2022. So, that's the time period we'd have to go refinance it. And so, any asset sale would have no impact on the revolver today. It's really about our ability to generate free cash flow, retire the rest of the '21s and try to retire the rest of '22s. So, that's really what the goal is. And the second part of your question, just the impact on our hedging. I mean, we're sitting at 87% hedged right now. Obviously, if we sold that asset, it would improve our percentage hedged.
Toby Rice: Yes. The operational efficiencies you're seeing is one part of driving our cost improvements. I mean, you're seeing that both in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. To be honest, there hasn't been a tremendous amount of activity in West Virginia. So really it's looking at what we're doing in Pennsylvania has a read through to West Virginia. I will say that being able to ship more activity into Pennsylvania in 2020 that affords us more time in West Virginia to install the necessary water infrastructure that will lower our cost on the completions front. So that will certainly help to maintain -- ensure that West Virginia can be on par with Pennsylvania Marcellus.
Toby Rice: Yes, Holly. I'd say that optimizing our FT portfolio is, I think one initiative that we're going through that would lower our cost structure. So, yes, certainly that MVP would be included in that. I think when we look sort of high level at the basin about 33 Bcf a day being produced in Appalachia. We've got about 35 Bcf a day of local takeaway in demand and then you couple MVP and ACP would add about another 3 Bcf a day on top of that, so I mean there is pretty decent pipe capacity in the basin right now and that -- when you think about that and realize that there's only about 49 rigs running in the basin, we think you could see Appalachia start to decline, that's only going to widen the gap and allow us to sell more of our gas in basin.
Toby Rice: Well, the pipe is going to be there already. If the question is, what the rates will be. That's another equation. I guess if producers go and sort of break contracts, but if the pipe is built already and if produces go into bankruptcy, the ability to spend capital gets harder and so, there will probably be even less production and so their pipes will be less filled and so local basis might be better, but that's probably what would happen.
Toby Rice: Yes, but Sameer, I mean high level our activity levels, the returns that we're generating on our operations, understanding our -- what we need to do to take care of our balance sheet and coupled with our macro perspective on what gas prices will be -- our own that we're weaving together to generate the right hedging strategy. I think the progress we've made over the past six months have given us a really good handle on what the operations, the activity levels, the balance sheet looks like. Now it's really just figuring out what our view is on the macro and how much we need to hedge.
Toby Rice: Thanks everybody for your time today. Stepping back just looking over the past six months, we've made some very big strides on the transformation and evolution of EQT, starting with the organization, bringing in a dedicated team of leaders to complement the existing staff here. We've aligned the operations with our schedule and evolved well design. We've now with this ETRN negotiation we've aligned our infrastructure to our strategy. All of this is going to allow us to be better capital allocated to create more value for our shareholders. In closing, I'd just like to thank the ETRN team and all the work they've done. I know the EQT team were excited about the partnership and excited about delivering on the results that our shareholders deserve. So with that, thanks everybody and have a good day.
David Khani: No. I think we'd like to get it down to 3.5 billion. We'd like to get our debt leveraged on down to 2x or under. So we're looking at both absolute debt reduction as well as the leverage metric.
David Khani: And in many cases, particularly within Appalachia, we're probably below I would say market rates when we get down there.
David Khani: Yes. And whether we sell the hedge or not, I think that's probably a decision that we would make depending on each independent asset sale that we go through.
David Khani: Yes, so one is duration. We talked about four years. We didn't have a four-year hedge strategy. We will probably enter into the next year at a much higher hedge position, I'll call it somewhere in the same vicinity as we started this year. And then, third is, we'll be more thoughtful on how we add basis hedges, so we have more visibility on really that differential will use our FT portfolio really to help us with that as well because it gives us I think a lot of flexibility to pick and choose which of those locations we want to do and what we're trying to isolate. So I think those are really the three major things.
David Khani: I look at that, Holly, I think that there is, when you look at one of the benefits with Equitrans is they've got such a expansive gathering system coverage across a lot of interconnects. So as that capacity frees up on those pipes, it gives our commercial team more optionality to optimize our production and access to the markets that we sell to. So, I see that could be a net positive.
David Khani: Yes, I'd just say we're going to be a combination of programmatic as well as an active hedge process and it's a process that takes a lot of time to do. So, think about it in some cases dollar-cost averaging, think about it as being very tactical in certain areas where we can actually hedge at prices we like. We're not going to force and lock in the bottom here. We're going to walk in I'd call commodity as it rallies up over time and for example, we did some basis hedges recently that effectively give us a $2.50 NYMEX kind of floor and so we're able to do certain things in different locations to be able to take advantage of what the market gives us at a moment in time.
David Khani: We will always optimize so and so activity can move in and around one year to the other, but we're going to make sure we do everything like on a pure return and economic basis and we obviously have to take into consideration levered metrics and ability to generate free cash flow and paying down debt. So there is a multitude of things that go into it.
David Khani: Yes. I mean we could because if the commodity basically doesn't give us the return that we want, absolutely.
