Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Sure, Dave. As you know, last fall we began testing a new frac design, which we’d hoped would result in both accelerated production and increased reserve recovery from our horizontal Marcellus wells. We call this design our 30-foot cluster spacing test, and the design basically involves using 150 foot frac stages with 30 feet between perforation clusters, versus our standard design of 300 foot per stage – 300 feet per stage with 60 feet between perf clusters. With this design we pump the same amount of water and sand per foot as we do in the standard design, but we achieved double the injection rate per foot versus the standard. The theory behind this design is to focus the hydraulic energy into a smaller volume of rock thereby creating a more dense induced fracture network, and increasing the recovery factor for that volume of rock. Additionally, we did expect to see accelerated production in addition to the increased recovery. As we noted on the last earnings call, and Dave just mentioned, we are seeing around 60% higher early time production rates from wells that used the 30-foot cluster spacing design. But it will take a significant amount of time to accurately quantify the level of increased reserve recovery we are seeing. That is still true and we don’t expect to be discussing levels of recovery or projected economics until the end of this year at the earliest. Today we’re posting two slide on our website which provide a little more detail. The first is a schematic showing the stage and cluster spacing for our standard and 30 foot cluster test wells. The second is a micro seismic survey we conducted on two parallel wells, one with the standard frac design and one with the 30 foot cluster spacing. This survey was designed so that we had a third listening well located directly between the two test wells, which provided excellent data quality in the survey. As you will see on the slide, the well with the 30 foot clusters achieved similar frac half lengths and total stimulated volume but had more than three times more micro seismic events than the standard design. While this is only circumstantial evidence, we are encouraged that this supports the theory of creating a more dense fracture network. Much additional analysis is required before drawing economic conclusions about this design, but we continue to be encouraged by the results we have seen, and will continue to provide additional details as we continue the test.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don’t think we’re ready to draw conclusions on that yet Michael. It could imply that, but we are not – we don’t have enough data yet to really draw conclusions.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC:  Okay. And then I guess final one from me, housekeeping, on the ANPI, what did you pay for that? Sorry, if I missed it.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes Neal. We’re anticipating right around 100 Marcellus wells for the year, and 120 Huron wells for the year. And right now with the new design somewhere between 20 wells and 24 wells.Neal Dingmann – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. And then either for Dave or Randy on the Midstream, just kind of wondering – it looks like obviously Equitrans continues to add, or the phases continue to go along I think as you had planned. Maybe just remind me as far as kind of the next couple of phases, or what benchmarks we should be looking at for the remainder of the year and then into next year on it.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: As far as -- the longest laterals we’ve drilled so far are right around 9,000 feet. We are trying to permit a well as long as 12,000 feet. I don’t think that would likely be drilled until early next year at this point. We do, our philosophy is to drill the longest lateral we can. As Dave mentioned earlier, we are frequently limited by the lease geometry we’re faced with. So -- and especially until there’s some better pooling regulations, that’s kind of what limits our averages right now. So we do expect the average to continue to go up. I don’t think we’d expect a quick jump up to the 6,000 foot range in the short-term, but they will continue to increase.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think the reason we are not giving conclusions yet is because we don’t have conclusions yet, so. But we did reach the point where I think for competitive reasons, enough information was leaking out, and most of our competitors were fairly aware with what our design was, there was really no advantage to trying to keep that a secret any more. So that’s why we decided to talk more about the specifics. I think we’ve said all along we won’t be drawing conclusions for quite some time yet. Regarding the cost, that’s a mixture of things. Some is we’ve been experimenting with – the design hasn’t been completely static the whole time, so we have been tweaking it some. And the latest version is a little bit more expensive than where we started. That combined with oil field inflation that we have seen since we started doing this has contributed. And some of it’s just around because it involves a lot more activity on site in terms of setting plugs, and there is a lot of down time. Honestly, early on it was hard to estimate what the costs would be, since a lot of service providers didn’t really know how to price it. So now I think we have done enough. They know how they are going to price it, and we know what it’s going to cost. So I think our cost estimates are just more sound now.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think in an experiment like this there are sort of several outcomes. One could be that from the initial results were below expectations and it was clear that it was a failure and we would discontinue. Obviously we haven’t done that. The other outcome for this kind of thing is results are at expectation or above, but because of the nature of what we’re trying to do you need a substantial amount of history before you can draw firm conclusions about the economics, and I’d say that’s where we are at. So you can conclude that the initial results were not bad enough for us to pull the plug. And I think we have given some indication of what we’re seeing in the 60% higher IPs versus offset wells. So, and that is in the range of what we were expecting to see.Becca Followill – U.S. Capital Advisors LLC:  Great. Thank you guys.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: And I guess one thing I would add is for the cost that we’re quoting, the $1.6 million for our type well, for this to be an attractive economic opportunity for us, we need to see about 10% higher EUR per well. So 10% or better this would be a success below that we probably wouldn’t adopt it.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, first in Tioga County, we are currently drilling up there, Randy’s group is constructing a pipeline to get the gas to market. We don’t expect any production results until the very end of the year. So our first opportunity to talk about it would be the first quarter call.
David L. Porges: Not exactly. Actually none of those alternatives are off the table. The only thing that is off the table is routinely using our own capital to build out our Midstream business. At some point, the issue was only where does the external capital come from. If at this point even though we haven’t reached final conclusions, the bias is – that we’ve got now is, if we decide that we want to have a more aggressive growth plan in Midstream we’re best off using – having the external capital come from an MLP, either on our own or with a partner. Whereas if we decide that we’re going to limit the Midstream to going more after Equity, just supporting Equity production that external capital will come from more one-off transactions, either selling assets the way we’ve been selling with Langley and Big Sandy, or possibly taking on a partner. But that we probably wouldn’t want to go down the road, if that’s what we do, of having the administrative issues associated with an MLP? One way or another, the big picture is that, we don’t really want to be devoting a lot of our – let’s call it, C-Corp capital to – net, to expanding the Midstream business. One way or another it’s going to have to come from external capital.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC:  Okay.
David L. Porges: Yes. That’s actually another conclusion that we’ve reached, I guess I just figured I’d get a question, and now I have, is that we have also concluded that having an MLP is not inconsistent with any of the structural alternatives that one might reasonably assume that we would look at. And look, we recognized that the issue for our company and for other of our peer companies is that the extent of our investment opportunity is greater than the – exceeds in dollars the amount of capital that we have available. I mean, we laid out a viable plan for a certain level of development, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that that’s the optimal plan. So we certainly recognize an issue we’re going to be dealing with is, if we wanted to ramp up development more we need to move further down that road. So basically, though, we have gotten ourselves comfort that whether we had an independent Midstream business or a Midstream business that’s associated with, we stay as a certain C-Corp, an MLP is really a better way to raise the money for the Midstream business. So we don’t – and incidentally, we further decided that, I think we have gotten ourselves comfortable that if we ever did split the business that it would probably have been best to do the MLP first.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC:  Okay.
David L. Porges: Yeah, pooling is – well, clearly that’s a more – that can be a simpler way to save some of the money upfront. But we are looking at the tactical – at tactical leasing. And we recognize incidentally that that means that we need to be more open to asset sales, whether via MLP or straight sales, than is necessary – than what we laid out in that kind of $1 billon over three-year timeframe. I mean, it would have to come from that, we’re not going to be going to the equity markets for that.Neal Dingmann – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. Thank you.
David L. Porges: I don’t know that we really look at it that way, but really what I think is happening is that we’re able to co-ordinate our Midstream and Production business a little bit more closely than other companies are, because we control the Midstream. And incidentally, that said, we do recognize that a variety of folks in the midstream business who chat with us about alternative approaches tell us that we could achieve that through partnerships or contractual arrangements, but a close coordination between midstream and upstream is what helps us on that front, I would say. But I don’t know that we’d say we had a target. We’re always going to have some wells that are -- I think we laid it out in the table in the press release. There is always going to be gaps between the wells that have been permitted but not spud, spud but not TDed, TDed but not frac’d, frac’d but not tilled. There is always going to be stuff.
David L. Porges: Actually that then is within production. They have just done a good job, and I think they’ll – I’m confident they will continue to do a good job coordinating between the rigs and the crews. I mean we do tend to have longer-term commitments to both drilling rigs and frac crews, so that they are more under our control. We’re not going pad by pad.
David L. Porges: That reminds me. One comment I should have made to an earlier question about acreage is, we are much more actively involved in discussions about acreage swaps with other producers than historically we have been. So that of course is another way that we could head towards optimal. I don’t know that we have a view on what optimal length is right now, other than a view that generally speaking the land situation prevents us from getting to the optimal length on as many of the well locations as we’d like. But that’s another tool in the tool kit. It doesn’t just have to be pooling or lease acquisitions. It can be acreage swaps as well.
David L. Porges: Well, optimal – our assessment of optimal is above the type of growth rates that we’ve talked about before. But the capital will come from internally generated cash flow or from sales of assets or opportunity. So really it’s going to start with how much capital that we have available and go from there. And again, we do recognize, it’s been pointed out by a variety of investors, so that EQT along with our peers eventually may wind up being capital limited in pursing what is optimal on our own, and that is obviously strategically something that we are going to continue to wrestle with.
David L. Porges: But it’s still true that it’s not clear to us that we would want to do this if in the fullness of time, as it were, it seems as it the only thing we are doing is accelerating the production from given EURs. So that’s what takes time. Is to see, compared to the offsets, what does that decline curve look like. And is this in fact just accelerate – to what extent is it acceleration, and clearly there is a lot of acceleration going on, and to what extent is it higher recovery factors, so higher EURs.
David L. Porges: So you could also then conclude that we certainly have not gotten to – I guess in the scientific sense, we had not rejected the hypothesis that this was attractive.Becca Followill – U.S. Capital Advisors LLC:  Thank you guys.
David L. Porges: Yes, at this point it’s small enough that compared to the rest of the company in my view, and Pat you can’t quite reach me to kick me if you don’t like what I’m saying, but I think that decision should be subsidiary to the broader decision about the structure of the corporation.Phillip Jungwirth – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
David L. Porges: If we wind up going down the road of splitting it, I think you don’t worry about the LDC first, you do the split first, and then you let that subsequent company worry about the LDC. If you decide, you’re going to not do that, then I think it makes more sense to revisit, okay, now what do we do with the LDC? But I think the first thing you decide is what to do with the broader structure. Incidentally, we went through that logic on the MLP also, and we reached the conclusion that you want to do the MLP first regardless of which way you go on structure. I mean we looked at that, we studied it, we got advisers to help us with it, and we concluded that it won’t – that won’t preempt either direction we might want to go on structure. And in fact if you want to do an MLP your probably best of doing it before you make that – you execute against that. With the LDC I think it’s the flip side. I think you wait until after you’ve made the structure decision.Phillip Jungwirth – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, makes sense. And then Marcellus average lateral lengths continue to increase, they averaged about 5,000 feet in the quarter up from 4,800. Should we expect you to be averaging the 5,300 and the type curve by kind of late this year, or when should we expect you to average 5,300 for well spud.
David L. Porges: What we’re referring to there, of course that’s in the context of Midstream, is EQT’s production versus other producers production. So even – I mean if there were other, and the rare occasion that we might have other working interest owners in a well of ours, we tend to really include that as traveling along with equity production. But we’re really talking about a decision to spend extra money on Midstream with the objective of being able to gather gas that is produced by other operators.
David L. Porges: Well we’re looking at a variety of alternatives. I mean I think we all – my impression from talking to our – most of the peers is we all – of our size, is that we all realize that we’ve got this huge investment opportunity and that the size of our company makes it problematical to attack that opportunity in a optimal way, and we are all finding our own ways to deal with that. So nothing is off the table.
David L. Porges: And incidentally, seriously, if others of you have ideas, we do think – I get one or two people around here chuckle, but seriously, we are not – we have no pride about it being our idea. We are happy to execute against somebody else’s good idea. So, if you have stuff to consider I’m happy for you to throw it into the hopper. We just want the best answer for – we’re not painting a picture or something here, where it’s got be, it’s pride of authorship. We’re just trying to create value.
