David Schlosser: Thanks, Rob and good morning everyone. I would like to start by providing some color around the 2017 sales volume and our guidance for 2018. Immediately after close of the Rice transaction, we began operating the combined assets as the single entity utilizing our resources to optimize overall development plan regardless of their legacy. We entered 2017 with pro forma sales volume of 1,317 Bcfe, which was consistent with the guidance we provided on the pro forma company. In December, our first full month as an integrated entity we averaged approximately 4 Bcfe per day also in line with our expectations despite taking some operational challenges on the extreme cold snap late in the month. Based on current line scheduled for the year, we expect the quarterly volume profile for 2018 to look like this. Q1 will average approximately 4 Bcfe per day consistent with our first quarter guidance of 350 to 360 Bcfe. We then expect to see sequential quarterly increases in Q2, Q3 and Q4. We are reiterating our full year volume guidance of 1,520 to 1,560 Bcfe, which will result in volume growth of 17% over pro forma 2017. I would now like to provide an update on our overall Rice integration efforts. Rice employed an outstanding team of oil and gas professionals and EQT retained more than 150 of them for our upstream operations. This influx of talent has brought fresh ideas and perspectives to help refine processes and implement new technical approached. We have hit the ground running with our increased lateral lengths and in 2018, our Pennsylvania, Marcellus spuds are expected to average over 13,600 feet. This is 1,000 foot longer than what we announced in December and as a direct result of collaboration between land professionals from both companies. In fact, 60% of our Marcellus wells in Pennsylvania will be comprised of wells that share legacy EQT and Rice acreage. On the operational technical front, we are combining best practices and have already captured value. For example, Rice had a significant frac sand sourcing and logistics effort, which we leverage to improve efficiency – pricing and efficiency across our factories. On the drilling side, we have set new footage records by combining the data, experience and practices of both companies, more specifically related to rotary steerable systems and drill pipe rotation. And finally, we have seen promising results from early testing of new concepts. We are on the landing point of our Marcellus laterals. So far, I am extremely pleased with the progress we have made during just 3 short months and I look forward to continue to blend best practices, promote innovation and deliver best-in-class economic returns. We will keep you updated during the year on the progress of these initiatives. Now, let’s move on to year end reserves. EQT’s year end 2017 proved reserves increased 59% to 21.4 Tcfe versus year end 2016. Obviously, the Rice acquisition in November and several smaller acquisitions throughout the year had significant impact on our reserve growth adding 6.3 Tcfe in proved reserves. EQT’s drilling effort added an additional 2.2 Tcfe to the proved total through extensions and other additions. As you would expect, development costs continued to improve as we lengthened laterals. Our 2017 Marcellus program had a development cost of $0.60 per net Mcfe, a 17% decrease when compared to the 2016 figure of $0.72 per net Mcfe. Excluding acquisitions, we replaced 245% of our 2017 production and when we include the impact of acquisitions, our replacement percentage increases to 974%. We have stressed the traffic and capital economic synergies of the Rice acquisition and our PUD reserves reflect the impact of these synergies. As you know, the SEC limits PUD reserve to those reserves we expect to develop in the next 5 years. Rice acquisition allowed us to reprioritize our 5-year development plan in order to focus on developing longer, more economic laterals first. Many shorter locations were removed from the plan, but remain economic and we expect to develop those locations outside of the 5-year – required 5-year window. Finally driven by acquisitions and pricing, probable and possible reserves have also increased significantly with probable reserves up 40.3 Tcfe and possible reserves up 4.9 Tcfe. The Marcellus account for 80% of those increases. With that I will turn the call over to Steve.
David Schlosser: Holly, this is David. I will answer that. I mean I think we had a little time, but it has been real time, I mean we are going to drill the 45 gross wells that we have talked about in December. And I think 2018 to be a year that we really formally understanding of the asset and then figure out how we are going to move forward. So that’s really what I will get to say I guess.
David Schlosser: Yes. So on the MVP, we basically put it in a – instead of a bundle, we were went with 10 different notices to proceed. We have put in all 10 as of this morning. We have gotten eight of those. That’s allowed us to do both West Virginia and Virginia work. We started the construction process last week. And before that we were able to get work to kick us off two weeks ago with their help. So we feel really confident about the pipeline schedule and we feel really confident about our December 31, 2018 startup day.
David Schlosser: Yes, so a little color, I mean first, this is David, what occurred exactly was we had always thought would happen, I hope it happened as we get the two technical groups together and discussing how they have approached their development and we have approached ours. We came up with this concept or we took this concept and considered even further. And it’s very early in the process. We are very encouraged by the early results. But generally, it is staggering the Marcellus landing point across the pad and we are feeling that it’s increasing our frac efficiency and basically cutting more of the rock. There are subtle changes. It’s early in the process and we’ll keep you posted during the year, but just a handful of wells right now that we are looking at.
David Schlosser: So, it was brought forward by Rice employees and then getting our engineers working with theirs and seeing the data that they were looking at prompted us to continue testing it. So, it was definitely not a Rice idea.
David Schlosser: It’s one of the bigger ones as far as affecting reserves right now. I mean, the other things I mentioned in the call, Rice, the drilling parameters of increasing our RPMs on our rotary steerable systems that was really bought forward by Rice. We had data that didn’t look as positive when we got to see their data and discuss what the nuances of it with them we decided to try and then our first well we increased ROP by 8%. So, I mean, that was another Rice idea that we have brought forward and implemented on our own assets.
David Schlosser: Yes. What we have said was we expected about $100 million of annual G&A savings, overhead savings and we think that number is going to be more like $110 million or maybe a little bit more than that for 2018.
David Schlosser: This is David again. I think it’s really consistent with the number we have already put out there. We expect around $150 million per year needed to acquire these small pieces of acreage to continue to lengthen laterals and fill in some blank spots. And so that’s what I would expect for 2018.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone. On last earnings call for the third quarter 2017 was just a few weeks before the shareholder vote to approve the Rice transaction. With this being our first call since completing the acquisition, I want to thank our shareholders for their support and reiterate the commitments that we made to you. We committed to establishing a Board committee to evaluate options for addressing sum of the parts discount and to announce a plan by the end of the first quarter of 2018. The committee’s work is ahead of schedule and we will announce a plan by the end of February. And we intend to implement the plan on an accelerated basis. We committed to adding two new independent Directors to the Board with midstream experience and to include these new Directors on the committee tasked with the sum of the parts review. On November 13 we added Tom Karam and Norm Szydlowski to the Board. Both of whom have extensive midstream experience, are active Board members and on the committee reviewing the sum of the parts. We committed to moving the Director nomination deadline to after the sum of the parts decision announcement. We will move the 2018 nomination window to follow the sum of the parts decision and announce specific dates by the end of February. And we have removed volume growth as a metric from future compensation plans and have replaced it with return on capital and operating and development cost metrics. Finally, we are committed to delivering on our synergy targets established for the Rice acquisition. As you read in our December capital budget news release, we have hit the ground running and have started capturing the various synergies related to the transaction. As David said, we currently expect to average 13,600 foot laterals in Southwestern Pennsylvania Marcellus acreage, which is 1,600 feet or 13% longer than we anticipated when the deal was first announced. This places us ahead of schedule for achieving our capital synergies. In addition, I am pleased to say that our G&A savings began on day one. Our integration team had a detailed staffing plan and we are able to retain many talented Rice employees while still achieving our staffing targets. As we continue blending the best of two cultures, we are confident that the exchange of ideas will result in continuous improvements to our programs and practices. Finally, I strongly believe that the current share price does not reflect the tremendous value we have created and we will continue to create going forward. We have built an E&P business that can grow production in estimated 15% per year utilizing funds within cash flow. The E&P business has an industry leading cost structure and controls over 680,000 core acres in the premier gas basin in North America. We have also built a premier midstream business that continues to deliver tremendous capital efficient growth. Our midstream business has a solid balance of long FERC regulated pipelines and the network of gathering assets, sitting at top the lowest cost natural gas reserves in the U.S. The financial leverage metrics at both our E&P and midstream businesses are extremely well, amongst the best in the industry in each case. Over the past 10 years, we have created tremendous value to the growth of both of these businesses. However, this value has not been reflected in EQT share price. Our plan to address the discount will be designed to deliver this value to shareholders and to create the opportunity for value creation at EQT into the future. To reiterate, the committee is ahead of schedule and I expect to announce our plan by the end of February and we will implement the plan on the accelerated basis. With that I will turn it over to Pat for Q&A.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well, I think it’s hard to predict how much work will be involved and the committee has been working very diligently and has been able to evaluate the various options and come to conclusions a little faster than we predicted, which I think is good. So still little more work to do, but we are zeroing in and very comfortable saying that we expect to be done by the end of February rather than the end of March.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yes. Hi Holly, it’s a combination of both as we look forward to the supply demand in that area and we look a course of the premiums that exist across part of that region. What you see is in netted back results of transactions that we have in place as well as the combination of the balance of the forward strip. So it’s a bit above.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I cannot, all I can say is we will provide more details when we get to the announcement. All I really intend to convey at this point is we are committed to taking care of the sum of the parts discount as quickly as possible. So we see no reason to delay. Once we announce the plan, we can talk more details about the timeline.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I don’t have those figures at my fingertips, Michael, so, but we could – you want to get with Pat that after the call, we could probably get that to you.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I would rather hold off on anything related to some of the parts plan until we announce it and then I think that would be an appropriate question that I could answer that.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well, Vikram, this is Steve. I think I am not going to answer in relation to potential outcome of the some of the parts, but I think regardless of that we are rethinking our hedging strategy given this shift to a business model, where we expect to live within cash flow and trying to take some volatility out of the business. So, we are looking at how should we hedge on the commodity side and also starting some discussions with our key suppliers about new ways to contract for the services we need that can potentially provide a cost hedge as well, so trying to find ways to lock in margin a little better than we have been able to in the past.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Sure. I mean, the Hammerhead Pipeline as we have talked about is kind of that Q3 timeframe in 2020 and so it won’t be able to use Hammerhead to move Pennsylvania volumes into West Virginia to really feed Mountain Valley Pipeline. Sunrise Pipeline basically gives us optionality in the Appalachian Basin you will also see other projects. We have got an organic backlog. Working with Blue and his team, we always are looking at how do we take volumes whether it’s north, east, west or south to the best markets. So you will see both of those pipelines fully utilized.
Steve Schlotterbeck: And Scott, I would say and the ideas actually go both ways, so there are some techniques that EQT was previously doing that we can apply now to the Rice acreage and yield benefits as well. So, it’s as we expected. Both groups have tested different things and tried different techniques that we have different databases of results and we are going to yield value from having both of those databases available to technical folks to evaluate.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I think I’d rather not comment on that at this time Scott. Just, you are going to have to wait a few more weeks.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Yes. So Brian, so we announced two primary synergies as that drove the deal one on the G&A side, we are at or little bit ahead of the plan that is delivered on that synergy. So, I think the annual savings is going to be a bit better than we anticipated.
Steve Schlotterbeck: And on the capital savings, the model assumed 12,000 foot laterals in the acquisition area and we now expect to average 13,600 feet. So, that’s a pretty dramatic acceleration of those synergies and I don’t have the PV benefit of that difference with me, but it’s…
Steve Schlotterbeck: Well, specifically regarding well productivity, that’s always hard to project if we knew the answers we will be doing it. But I think we really only begun to scratch the surface of having the technical teams working together and really working the data from both sides. And it is as we expected, it makes sense that each company tested different techniques. Some work, some don’t, but the data from all of those tests is very valuable. And then you can combine it with another set of tax, it can really yield some insight. So I am very optimistic that we will continue to find some opportunities as a result of the integration of the two teams that improve recoveries from the wells. And I think another area of focus for us over the next year or so and it is also driven by the consolidated nature of the operation now is around logistics. So we have a lot of rigs running. We have a lot of frac crews. We will produce a lot of gas. And with a lot of people in a small area and finding ways to make those logistics as efficient as possible, I think also will deliver some value and that will be on the operating cost side, not on the productivity side, the well productivity.
Rob McNally: Yes, I mean, I think we have studied in the release that it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of $400 million that we think should be refunded over the over the 2-year period.
Rob McNally: Yes, I think that’s probably a better topic to discuss after we get through some of the parts announcement. I don’t think there is really any color that we can give you right now that will make sense without that context.
Rob McNally: Yes, I think again that’s a question that will be better answered in the context of the some of the parts announcement, but what Steve was talking about including return metrics in the comp packages, it was really focused on the upstream business.
Rob McNally: Yes, it is primarily taxes. In December the – prior to the tax legislation change, we expected to pay about $70 million of cash taxes in 2018. Now we actually expect to get a refund of about $200 million, so that’s $270 million of the $300 million. There are some other odds and ends which is really more around realized price and differential that makes up the balance. And I guess I should note that the – that $200 million that refund we expect to get, we won’t actually receive that cash in 2018. That will be on the 2018 tax filings, we wont’ receive until 2019.
Rob McNally: Yes. This is Rob and I think as we move forward and we are generating free cash flow, that returning cash to shareholders, whether that’s in the form of dividends or buybacks will certainly be a topic that we spend a fair amount of time on. And I suspect that there will be a combination of the both alternatives as we move forward.
