Jeremy Knop: Yes, absolutely. So we’ve assumed in our go-forward forecast and our 5-year outlook, about $150 million per year, which is kind of a loose bucket we’ve assigned. I wouldn’t say it’s entirely defined through that forecast, but that’s our broad assumption, which is what’s reflected on that slide. There is a little bit of carryover on this Clarington Connector project into 2025, but I would say that expectation for spending is within that bucket. I mean look, I think these sort of spending projects, it’s not something that necessarily will be recurring. But look, if we see great opportunities that make our business better, sometimes it costs a little bit of money to invest and actually capture that price and that value. That’s what you’re seeing us do in 2024. There’ll be years, we probably don’t spend any of that capital and other years where we spend a little bit more.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, obviously, with the volatile commodity price environment, even a month ago, the outlook when the strip was at $3 is different than where the strip is today, closer to $40. So it’s, in many ways, organically, it will depend on just where the strip settles. We continue to be really bullish the next 6 to 9 months might be a little bit bumpy. But I think we continue to have the view, and I think you’re starting to see it from some of the earnings guidance already coming out this quarter. Really a curtailment in activity today is just going to really amplify the upside, I think, as we get into next year. So we remain well positioned to capture that. I think as much as really anybody. In terms of inorganic ways to de-lever, I mean, look, we – for the right price, we’re a seller of anything, right? I mean our focus and our North Star is really just creating shareholder value if there is an opportunity to do that. Certainly, I think when we started thinking about rationalizing the portfolio in Q4, we were looking at a $350 strip. So the process for executing on that might be maybe a little bit delayed. But I would say there is a renewed interest really across the market in non-operated assets, really from international players who have interest in having exposure to U.S. gas, and I think we’ve seen a little bit of this recently, but don’t want to actually have U.S. operations. So we really started exploring that because of inbounds we got. And I think a lot of those buyers are a little less price sensitive than some of the buyers domestically. So look, we – anything we do, it certainly is not defensive, it would be opportunistic. And I’d say we’ve seen some really good interest on the asset. I think it values that certainly do not reflect strip pricing. So we will remain opportunistic, but it’s something that could happen near-term. It could happen a year from now. But it’s just part of our continued effort to not necessarily just chase scale, but really chase quality and what creates the most value.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, Sam. It’s something that I think we, like every one of our peers is probably thinking about every day right now. I mean you look at the prompt price in the $160s. The market is asking for not only production curtailments, but also activity reductions. And look, if you look at our – even our production guidance that we gave in that bond prospectus in mid-January, you’ll notice we’ve reduced that range by about 50 Bcfe. I would characterize that as a response to the price environment we’re in and wanting to make sure there is flexibility. So EQT can respond and make sure that if price gives a signal for lower activity and in lower production, we stand ready to respond.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So if you look at just the EQT forecast, the midpoint of our range is that $0.60 level for differentials for this next year. If you look at where we end up in 2028 with the expansion projects in-line and just at current strip pricing, our realized differential will be about $0.50. So – our differential on average drops about $0.10 from where we sit today to really the back end of that 5-year guidance range. I mean, look, when you think about the in-basin demand dynamics, I think what we’ve highlighted could add potentially up to 2 Bs a day of demand in-basin, some of that might be taken by renewables, so call it 1 to 2 Bs net to gas. And then the MVP downstream expansion projects come online, too. I mean that’s going to fully utilize MVP. And I actually think from conversations we’re having, there is probably likelihood MVP gets expanded by another half B a day. At EQT, we stand ready to really be a supplier of that to support that project. I think there is ample demand in that southeast market with data center build-outs really underpinned by the AI revolution right now and population growth in that area that’s really pulling on gas for just absolute power demand increases in addition to core retirement. So it’s power, I think, in our view, as you look towards the end of this decade is increasingly becoming, I think, as bullish of a thematic tailwind is really LNG, and we will probably really take the torch from LNG in the coming years. And so I think that dynamic really – when you couple all those dynamics and themes together and I think you really see a really healthy backdrop for Appalachia. And I think certainly, as you see some operators start to run thin on inventory in the basin. I think it provides opportunity for companies like EQT to not only capture better in-basin pricing but actually really grow our own production into that and take a bigger share of the pie. So we – that’s really our expectation over the next couple of years. We stand ready to respond to it, but we see it really more as a tailwind than a headwind.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So those investments, I mean, you don’t get an instant response to the same year. I mean the time it takes to build those systems, you usually see that savings show up in the following year and the years after that. So like the water system investments, the additional $80 million we’re spending this year in interconnecting really the Chevron Water Systems, what we’ve built out the Tug Hill systems. I mean that’s really going to pay dividends for us, not only in completion costs over the coming years just through lower water cost and water recycling, but also through LOE. I expect more of that to show up in 2025 and beyond where you start seeing that move the needle.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, I would say on the ethane side, it really just comes down to what’s going on with the Shell cracker both in terms of Q4 actuals and also the outlook for 2024. So that’s really going to be the main driver of that. I think in the guidance we gave – assumed that – our underlying assumption there is influenced by our expectation that, that cracker plant is not fully online really for another year. But that’s something that I think we and our peers around us in Southwest Appalachia are having a haircut a little bit just due to the continued startup delays on that facility.
Jeremy Knop: Really just based on index in basin, I wouldn’t say there was anything that’s really changing as it relates to those dynamics.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I would simply chalk it up to just – we have some pretty lumpy pads in the way we develop. It really just comes down to some of the liquids-rich pads that we acquired from Tug and how that alternates with some of the more of the Utica pads that get turned online or other Marcellus, just dry Marcellus activity. So it’s just kind of normal course lumpiness. But I wouldn’t expect any sort of long-term trend or change from what you’ve seen recently.
Jeremy Knop: Yes, for sure. It actually is really driven by the macro in many ways. I think at a high level – I mean look, I think we are as bullish as anybody as it relates to the gas macro outlook as you get to kind of mid-‘25 into 2026. So, really, what we have to weigh on our end is if we did – if we reallocated those dollars instead of debt pay down to something like a buyback and accelerating that right now, it would probably in turn cause us to want to go hedge more and protect the balance sheet in case you just had a bunch of macro factors not go according to plan in that time period. So, when it comes to opportunity costs for us, it’s really just a simple question of what’s the upside swing in the dollars buying the stock versus the upside, leaving that more un-hedged. And I think with the asymmetric expectation we have to where pricing could go, certainly by the end of 2025 as you get into 2026 that – I mean that dwarfs any sort of return we can get just by buying back stock right now. And so for us, the question is what ultimately is going to create the most shareholder value. And so really, we would rather be patient on the hedging front and use our dollars near-term to just to de-risk the balance sheet. So, really by doing that, we think that actually gives investors more upside and exposure to gas prices. And if for some reason things don’t work out on our expectations on the macro, it provides more downside at the same time. So, that’s why we have allocated and plan to allocate the way I already explained.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean it’s a couple of kind of key things, and it’s really contractual. So, I mean our gathering rights, I mean you have seen our guidance with MVP coming online, the impact on just the full year is those rates stepping down at the same time MVP goes into service. Those further step down, as we have talked about before, into 2026, ‘27 really hit a bottom in 2028. And so really, those rates are Equitrans contract that last year were about $0.80 for just the gathering rate hit a bottom of $0.30 by the time you get to 2028. On a blended basis, I mean they don’t gather all of our production, so on a blended basis, it’s a little more muted. You don’t see that full $0.50 drop. But that is a contractual step down that is part of our longer term forecast. And again, just a tailwind to us even if you have flat pricing and everything else in the environment doesn’t improve. And then the other piece of that, too, as we talked about last quarter, these supply deals that we signed downstream MVP, and so that’s going to also improve our realizations, our realized pricing by $0.15 to $0.20, which over our production base is that kind of rounded $300 million of free cash flow. So, it’s really the combination of the two. There are some offsetting factors in there, but around like compression adds and you have a tailwind as you pay down debt, your interest expense falls as well. But by the time you get to 2028, we see that breakeven cost structure about $2.30, down about $0.30 from where we sit right now. So, it’s a continued tailwind. And look, as we have talked about, I think over and over again, I think that is really unique to EQT. I think where you are in the shale revolution right now, a lot of that core inventory is depleted or rapidly getting depleted. I expect a lot of cost structures to be rising over that period. So, it’s really a unique differentiating characteristic of EQT and it’s really just further like share price upside, free cash flow upside relative to what you get anywhere else.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Scott, I would just underpin too. I mean you have to remember, I mean certainly for a business like EQT, where we are drilling 15 wells, 20 wells a pad, the CapEx we spend this year has no real impact on our production this year. It really has an impact on production next year. And so when we are thinking about that sort of rate of return and you save yourself $100 million this year, what’s the impact on free cash flow next year. Certainly, with where pricing even is today after pulling back and I think our expectation is probably significantly higher than the strip today. It’s really hard for us to justify that, especially just given the financial position we are in, the amount of liquidity we have in our credit ratings. We are just not under the same pressure that most of our peers are. So, that allows us to be a little stickier and plan for the long-term and not be as reactive. But look, we – as we have said before, our production guidance gives us flexibility to reduce as needed. But reducing CapEx activity this year is not – I mean it would be window addressing this year at the expense of next year, and it’s just not how we run the business.
Jeremy Knop: And Scott, with all the bearish narratives out there, I think it’s really important to remember that with these data revisions that came out of Genscape a week or so ago, I mean production levels were not at 107, pushing this bearish narrative, production levels today are like 104.5. And so if you look at where we are at today with normal weather, the market is actually balanced. And so the extra, call it, 275 Bcf that’s in storage right now is really just a result of, again, a really warm El Nino winter. If we had just had normal weather, the market would be balanced right now. So, I think this sort of overarching view of the market is just so out of balance, production is way too high. LNG is delayed. I think when you step back and kind of cut through the noise, it’s really not the case, which is I think why we are being a little more patient and disciplined here. And as it relates to a lot of the LNG headlines and some of the politics playing into that, I mean there is really no impact through – at least the end of 2026. So, as we look at the market today, we don’t really see any change in the LNG build-out timeline. I mean we expect in Q3, Q4, those facilities start to come online. And again, I think that the work the market needs to do is just to clean up that excess overhang in storage coming out of winter. But the market is really not that far out of balance. I mean it’s a difference of 1% to 2% kind of change in your fundamental model. And it can flip back pretty quick too. So, I think if you are running a long-term business, you just have to – you have to keep that in focus. We are really not that far out of whack on the fundamentals.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. I mean I think one of the key things to remember as you think about how to actually manage the business in that environment comes down to like how do you see that distribution of outcomes. And so remember, our cost structure being – call it, mid-2s now headed towards low-2s. If we think about like what’s the worst that’s happened in the last couple of years, which was 2020, and you had gas settled at about $1.99, let’s call it $2. In an environment like that, even if we at EQT weren’t hedged and we have like a $2.30 breakeven, our free cash flow outflow would be in the – I don’t know, $500 million to $700 million range. So, a lot, and you can certainly hedge to protect that. But imagine being a producer in that environment and your breakeven is $3 and you are at scale, I mean you would have multiple billions of dollars of cash outflows, you just can’t survive for more than a year of that because your liquidity gets drained. So, for us, I think one of the things we have realized at scale is that one of the risks that is created is if you pair scale with a really volatile environment and your cost structure is too high, even if your balance sheet is clean, you can put yourself in a pretty precarious position pretty quick. So, that’s why we sort of – that’s why we focus so much on driving that cost structure down because for us, if our downside, call it, $0.50 and that’s pretty low, but if the upside is you have a year settling at $6, $7, $8, I mean you are talking about $10 billion type of cash flow to our business. So, we want to be in a position where we don’t have to hedge and inherently having a low cost structure like a structural hedge. And I think that really is what positions us to, again, not only just kind of survive in cruise through those down periods, but not have to defensively hedge so much of your production that you really missed out on the price. And the price is that sort of asymmetric upside. So, again, I think at a high level, you might – some people might say, well, it’s a little dilutive to just focus on cost structure so much near-term. I think that’s easy to see if you run a static model at like $3.50, $4 gas. Well, that doesn’t capture those is the element of volatility. And if you talk to any of the producers, any of our peers, I think the theme of volatility is well understood. I just – I think EQT is unique in how we position ourselves to, again, be structurally defensive towards that for long-term investors and then provide the best risk-adjusted upside to that theme and capture that every 3 years to 4 years when that sort of windfall period shows up. And again, I mean think about it, we had a little bit – you had a warm winter this year, you have an extra 275 Bs in storage. It could have gone the other way. And we will have winters that go the other way. You could have pricing at $5 just as quickly as you have pricing at $1.50. And that amount of cash flow at our scale is just an absolutely tremendous amount of value. So, we are trying to position ourselves to be able to capture it and not – again, like the last couple of years where we lost so much on hedging, continue to give that upside up. So, that’s again, why we just sort of philosophically focus on running the business the way we do.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. So, I think we think about hedging going forward, just with our balance sheet and credit ratings where we are. I think you will see us start to hedge at a level that effectively drops our – I mean look, if you think about what hedging does in a low-price environment, it effectively synthetically drops your breakeven price. And so if our breakeven price, call it, is headed towards $2.30, we might long-term hedge between like 20% and 30%. And so if you do get that $2 a year on average, that’s kind of your free cash flow breakeven point on a hedged basis. We are kind of towards that with our hedging in 2024 right now. That’s that $2.20 level that we talked about. I think – look, we don’t plan to go into 2025 totally un-hedged. I think we are just willing to be patient. And I think some of the bearish narrative in positioning in the commodity markets has really pushed pricing really below where it probably needs to be. So, look, we don’t need to hedge defensively right now. I think we are – we want to be opportunistic, and we just think there is so much asymmetric called SKU that should show up in that market in 2025. I think we are willing to be patient on that. But I mean look, we will take off risk at the right point in time, but we are going to continue to be patient on that.
Jeremy Knop: Yes. Look, I would call it pretty steady throughout the year. I mean when you are running the size of spreads we are and the size of logistics operations, it’s not something you start to stop quickly or easily. The bar is pretty high for that. I think the range we give is just based on some shifts in timing that can happen. I think in terms of the macro environment, I mean look, we – the quickest thing that’s going to balance the market is not having operators in Appalachia, which have a pretty shallow base decline cutting activity and are drilling big pads that are hard to slow down. I mean that’s base load supply as we think about it. When we think about really the production that needs to come out of the market, the fastest way to balance the market, it’s taking Haynesville activity even further downward. They are drilling two wells to three wells at a time on the pads, becoming more and more infill wells and you have a 50% to 60% base decline. A cut in that activity would balance the market a lot faster. And that’s also the marginal producer today and will continue to be in the future. So, we expect that’s really where the volatility of production and variances and production cadence will show up and will continue to show up, I think in the backdrop of volatility that we have talked about.
Toby Rice: Yes. So to provide some more color on the numbers we put out there, I mean there is a mix of wells that are – not all the numbers are the same for what we spud to what we horizontally drill, complete and what we ultimately turn in line. When we put those numbers out – when we have to pick a number, it’s typically the TIL. And so there will be a little bit of a range there to account for some flexibility. If we see a more compelling opportunity in ‘25, we could pause on some of the TIL activity.
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say it would be all of the above. Teams are looking across all angles of the business, looking for ways to shave pennies off the program.
Toby Rice: Yes. Scott, I think there is two factors that we think about that would cause us to curtail. One is preserving the ability to not lose money. And so that certainly would look for us to curtail. And the other one is we are looking in 2025, where you see a $1 higher pricing, and that is even – that’s going to be further intensive for us to pinch back and deliver those molecules into a higher-priced market. So, yes, it’s something we are watching and thinking a lot about.
Toby Rice: Yes. It’s a great question. Listen, I think on the political front, I mean I think political force can override market forces for so long. And our job is to align with the market is to make sure the energy we produce is the cheapest, most reliable, cleanest form of energy that’s out there. And I think eventually, the demand for this product is going to overweigh, I think the political short-term gains that people are thinking that they are helping by doing this. So, I mean long-term, we feel even more optimistic about the large role natural gas will play in the commodity mix going forward. But yes, I mean in the short-term, we need to be sensitive to the market that we are in. Activity reduction is going to be a big thing. I mean a key part of our thinking is we positioned our business to be a low-cost operator in the U.S. I mean our breakevens are significantly lower than what we think is the marginal cost of production. And we are going to see if those marginal producers reduce activities. We have already seen that start to happen. But that’s something we are going to be monitoring and then it’s – eventually, we will have a normal winter. But even without that, with just normal weather, we should be balanced coming into 2025.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean it’s really just asking people to step back and see. It seems like we are in violent disagreement – violent agreement here on what we want from our energy system in the future, like Republican and Democrat, everybody wants more affordable energy. Everybody wants more reliable energy. Everybody wants cleaner energy. And I think the work that we are doing is highlighting, I mean I would say the biggest difference that we are doing, the hump that we need to get people over is to understand that natural gas is a cleaner form of energy. And the good news is we don’t have to play with theories. We don’t have to rely on literature. We have case studies at big scale that show that natural gas is a decarbonizing force, whether that’s simply putting the spotlight in America and showcasing why we are the number one leader in lowering emissions in the world, it’s because of natural gas. And also, I would say the other narrative we need to address is the fact that some people think that America is the largest producer of oil and gas, the regulations or pipeline blockages can’t be that bad. But I think the simple response to that position is yes, we might be the largest producer of oil and gas in the country. We are the largest exporter of LNG in the world. But the question that needs to be asked is, is that enough, we have got ramp of inflation, wars in Ukraine, global emissions still skyrocketing, energy poverty is growing, energy security is crippled. Clearly, the United States needs to do a whole heck of a lot more because the world can only contain so much chaos before it starts spilling over and impacting Americans. So, the world security is our security. And these are simple points that we can make. It is a little bit of a different perspective that people haven’t thought too much about. You lay that common sense approach underneath the framework from climate leaders around the world that recently gathered at COP and came out with a very simple punch list of what needs to happen. Transition fuels are going to be necessary to meet the climate ambitions that we have. That’s a fancy word for natural gas is going to play a role. Carbon capture is going to be a part of those solutions. And then I think also the recognition that solar and wind as great as they can be, they are not the complete solution, and you need a heavyweight solution, and that is natural gas to meet the goal. So, we have got cover from the environmental front, but it’s really just getting this common sense message out, and that’s where we spend a lot of time working the megaphone.
Toby Rice: Yes. I would say at a very high level, I mean keys to success is to have a low-cost structure so that we can weather the storm. And that also is going to position us to be opportunistic to play some of the volatility. Operate – and I will let Jeremy expand on that a little bit. But operationally, one of the things that we have looked to build into our business is the ability to bring some surge capacity. So, understand whether that’s choke management and pension volumes back so we can respond to higher price environments or in some cases, just holding back some TILs and building some DUCs. I think having a flexible program is going to be something that’s needed. But that’s going to be more around the edges. Having a low cost structure is going to allow us to run consistent programs and be responsive, but not be completely whipsawed by the commodity price.
Toby Rice: Yes. I would say that we had a big step change. I think if you look at the water recycling rate, that’s a big driver on a large portion of our LOE. Obviously, water is the biggest portion. So, the goal for us is to stay in that 95% plus range on water recycling. I think the other benefits that the water system will come through just more efficient logistics to service our completions team and allow to give these guys the space to continue to run hard and continue to capture the operational efficiencies they are seeing there.
Toby Rice: Thank you everybody for your time. We are looking forward to executing for you in 2024. Thanks a lot.
