Dave Porges: Well, on the fracturing side, which is the, you know the build of the spend on a well, our prices are pretty fixed for 2012, so I can’t tell you we’re going to benefit in the short term from any softening in the market. On the rig side, we do have a couple new rigs coming into the fleet in the next couple of months that have lower average day rates than what we’re currently spending, so we’ll see a little bit of an improvement there.
Dave Porges: Absolutely. Even though there’s been a lot of talk about pulling back, even with some of the discussions from a variety of others about the Marcellus, and you know, and moving some of their activities away from Marcellus, et cetera, all we’re talking about for the Marcellus at this point seems to be the rate of growth. It is clearly, I'm mean, what we see and what others who participate here see, is it is the most economic natural gas play in the country and continues to be economic at these prices, therefore it continues to need midstream. So even though there are cash flow issues when prices drop that we all have to be focused on, the economic attractiveness of the midstream continues to be there.Neal Dingmann – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I absolutely agree with you, Dave. Thanks.
Dave Porges: Well, practically, it means cash flows from operations plus monetization of probably Midstream assets, though really, anything is open to – I don’t mean to sound – make it trite, but everything if for sale at a price and to the extent that these other two find some of our assets more interesting to them then they are to right now, you know, that becomes a monetization opportunity. But I think practically, we’d look at 2013 and say it’s operating cash flow plus those sorts of monetization. And the stuff that’s nearer term, of course, is a continuation of some form of Midstream optimization. Of course, we chatted about what some of the ways that that would happen would be.
Steven Schlotterbeck: And generally speaking, we are very aware that they’re finally, finally the leverage is shifting back to the producer community from the service community. You know, this decline has been really [inaudible], but the steep decline has only occurred over the course of the last six to eight weeks. So we are very focused on getting more efficiencies and lower cost on that front.Neal Dingmann – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Sure.
Steven Schlotterbeck: That’s mostly a function of where we decided to drill. The bulk of our drilling was focused in areas where we already had lot of proved reserves on the books, so there wasn’t a lot of – we weren’t really out in to new areas where there’s a lot of room to add new crude reserves. Combined with the fact, if you look at the prior couple years, we had added large amounts of crude reserves. I think it was just sort of the nature of the beast given where we decided to drill because when we decide to drill, we focus on where we can get the best returns and really don’t factor in what the reserve addition impact is going to be. This year, as result, it – we had lower additions.
Steven Schlotterbeck: And that’s not the JT. You asked from the JT skids. We use the JT skids to get the wet gas down to pipeline specs routinely. So the increase that Randy’s talking about is actually when we don’t have to use those JT skids there anymore because we’re going to through that Mark West plant.Gil Yang – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thank you.
Steven Schlotterbeck: The performance there is, at these prices, is mediocre. It’s just not any worse than it was a year ago, or two years ago, or five years ago. It’s not that, it’s that in this price environment, it’s a hard time competing against Marcellus gas and associated gas.
David Porges: No, there is nothing about that that prevents us from receiving bids, having conversations, et cetera.
David Porges: I'm not sure that I want to comment on that, if you don’t mind. We’re certainly – we remain open-minded. Maybe I can leave it like that. We remain open-minded and – just so you know, the only time a company gets committed on an MLP is – it’s not with the first filing of S1, right, it’s when you ultimately finalize the entity. So even a filing of an S1 would not change the things that I’ve just said about the corporation business, et cetera.
David Porges: Yes, that’s more of the – right, that is a mid-year thing, so you will see a – we would expect you would see a big jump up in our liquids numbers once that plant comes on line.
David Porges: We never manager, at least as long as I’ve been here, we have not managed to a reserve number. We haven’t tried to adopt wells. One reason – coming up with a development plan, we have not tailored it to try to – with offsets in mind, et cetera, to create a particular growth pattern to the reserves. We come up with the most economic development plan and then we let the reserves fall out the way they do.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, understood.
David Porges: Obviously then, when you’re focusing on drilling in more concentrated area, you’re going to tend to get less reserve ads. When you’re having more step outs, you’re going to tend to get more reserve ads.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Understood. I appreciate that. Thanks.
David Porges: A lot of times we’ll flow them back to clean up the bulk of the water and then shut them in. Sometimes we’ll leave the full load in. If your questions about a concern of reservoir damage, I guess I’d refer back – I think we talked about this a few years ago. For a time there, we actually were thinking that it might be beneficial to leave that load in based on some results we had seen. We’ve backed off on that, but what I can say is, we have never seen any negative impact of keeping the frac load in the well for extended periods of time.Gil Yang – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
David Porges: Well, that varies by area. I’d probably refer you to our type-curve information in the – on our website and you’ll be able to calculate by area what that is.
David Porges: No. Not at all. It’s just that when you enter into those kinds of agreements, you’re entering into long-term agreements and you’re kind of forecasting what you’re going to need several years out. As you kind of grow into it, the odds are you’re going to have excess capacity in the early years. So we knew that going in. Frankly, when we looked at that particular line, the one that we’ve been talking about having made some money on at the very tail end of 2011, the Elpaso 300 line, we also felt more comfortable making that commitment because we have a sense that in the early days there was probably going to be a little bit of money to be made on that anyway.Gil Yang – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, so given that you were…
David Porges: Over the next – well, actually, I’m not sure if we have released this before, but how far out do some of the contracts – what’s the longest term of the contracts where we – that we sold down to other people? We didn’t go – we did no more than two years and one for three years, small levels. So no, we intent to grow into that over that period of time.Gil Yang – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, so the – in effect, the transportation subsidy if you will, from selling the – at a higher price than you paid for it will last – will last over the next two or three years and will…
David Porges: No, the potential is there. Obviously, just following the basis markets, you would assume it will tend to be higher in the winter than it will be in the summer and the – we’ve kind of layered those contracts in so that, as Randy said, there’s one that goes out for three years and then there’s another at – that goes to two. So – and then there’s others that are shorter term than that to the point of monthly and even daily. So it gradually goes away over the course of the next two to three years.
David Porges: Well, I mentioned the 2 ½ gallons. We hauld 120 million a day of capacity into that plant going into the summer. And so again, that number also does not include methane, so that’s…
David Porges: Well, we gave the 6 Bcf decline next year from this year’s run rate and then another little bit over 3 for the year after that.
David Porges: I think some of that was economics driven. Some of our CMB drilling at these really low gas prices, it was hard to even keep those in the possible category.
David Porges: No, I mean, we haven’t drilled in that field for a while, so there is no new production information. And in our PDPs, there was no revision to those.
David Porges: I have a feeling actually that that had to with the other alternative that’s long been on the table, which is a joint venture. But you’re right, we’re open – look, we’re in business to create value and so across the board, anything that will create value to the shareholders is something we’re open to. But the nature of the discussions that are going on in the past about the MLP were really more along the lines of various forms of joint ventures.
David Porges: We have, but if you’re trying to give a hypothetical of somebody coming in with whatever number we think if a value and they’re adding a zero, well, then that changes our view. I mean, you can answer yes, no when it’s value because that’s all in the eye of the beholder and we can’t predict whether us saying we’ll file an S1 or actually filing an S1 will alter the way other folks will view it. I mean, we’re very aware, you look out in the market – you don’t have to look very far to find folks who announce the transaction and then that focuses the mind of somebody else and they react to it by putting a different – kind of sharpening their pencil. That stuff happens and we don’t want to – we don’t want to stick our head in the sand and pretend it couldn’t happen here.
David Porges: It has value to us. I don’t know if I want to say hinges on because that kind of turns it into a black or white. It has value to us.
David Porges: Well, what we tested it at, all the numbers that we gave you were based on a $3 or a little below $3 stripe for ‘12.
David Porges: Yes. We announced what the percentage is of liquids that would double essentially with the take of ethane. As we mentioned before, the plant that will be coming online in Northern West Virginia will provide EQT the opportunity to extract ethane, which would increase the amount of gallons from 2 ½ to 5. We have the flexibility to make that decision economically and as we look out and make that decision, if it is in EQT’s best interest to extra ethane from the price that we will receive, then we’ll have the ability to do that. And if we are in a position to sell it as methane as we today and blend it, if that’s in the economic best interest, then we’ll do that as well. And we’re glad that pipelines are being built to move ethane. That’s good, but realistically, if you look at the macro situation for ethane supply demand in the Marcellus, and you read through the specifics of any kind of the agreements that people enter into, you come up with ways to, you extract methane – I’m sorry, you extract ethane from the methane stream mainly because you have to to get down to pipelines. It doesn’t really create a lot of value the way propane and butane, et cetera do. It’s, you know, if you can, as Randy said, if the pipelines are there and you can enter into transactions where you can have a little bit of money, that’s great, but the mindset we still thing – we still think the prudent mindset with ethane is to assume that you extract it when you have to to meet pipeline specs. And if you can make a few bucks on top of that, well, then that’s obviously great.
David Porges: Well, first of all, those things, those pipes will be – start netting back that and fuel and loss, it’s a pretty close call.
David Porges: Yes, you have to enter into long-term term commitments. The only thing firm about that kind of pipeline deal – and it’s the same with our gas price, you know, with the EL Paso expansion that we signed up, it’s the same thing. The only thing that’s certain is that you’ve got to write them checks.
David Porges: And if you’re in a position where that you need to extract ethane to meet the pipeline specs, then economics may not drive that decision. EQT’s in a position right now to make that decision based on the economics.
Randall Crawford: Yeah, most of our liquids production that comes out of the heron play that we’re currently – as we mentioned, we have a JT skid that we process in Dodgeridge County that provides a 0.5 gallons per Mcf that is produced. And when our plant comes on, that will increase to 2 ½ gallons per volume produced in the wet area.
Randall Crawford: Look, wetter gas, in this market, is better than dryer gas, but for the most part, for all of us here, half of the C2 and above, roughly speaking is C2. So if you want to be able to extract the value form the C3 and above, you have to be able to do something with the C2. So you know, so I think net-net, it’s attractive if you have wet enough gas to make – you just want to make sure you can let the gas flow. And to let the gas flow, it has to – you have to have little enough ethane in it that you can meet pipeline specs. So in that context, the all-in economics can work very well, but the all-in economics don’t work because of the specifics of the ethane deal, that’s just a means to an end.
Randall Crawford: Absolutely. If the value is there, we’re prepared to pursue it. It’s just that that’s still not the driving force behind even the wet gas development. It’s the C3s and above that’s the driving force. But yeah, absolutely. If there’s the opportunity to make material uplift, then we certainly would pursue that.
Randall Crawford: Well, we would use those somewhere else. As we continue to grow into our – in order to meet pipeline specs, we’ll have the flexibility omove those.Ray Deacon – Brean Murray, Carret & Co. : Thank you.
Randall Crawford: No, because actually the ’12 plan, the beginning ’12 plan was pretty similar to the ’11 plan. We had – there’s no doubt that we trended down, but the ’12 plan actually reflected a plateauing versus ’11.
Randall Crawford: And the Huron program has a very short lag for SPUD to TIL, so we don’t generate a large backlog in the Huron play.
Philip Conti: You should use $0.41 right now. We have, as I said, some of it is under contract. We bake that into that calculation and we’re just telling you that depending on what the market’s like when we go to sell that capacity next winter; it could be more or less than that $0.12 impact. We think $0.12 is a good number for you to run with so add $0.12 to the $0.29.Gil Yang – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right, okay.
Philip Conti: Yes, there’s not borrowing base at all. It’s $1.5 billion without a borrowing base calculation ever done during the life of that facility. It matures in 2014, so I think November 2014.Ray Deacon – Brean Murray, Carret & Co. : Got it. And what’s likely to happen with the IPO in the Midstream business? Does part of that go with the Midstream or what’s…
Philip Conti: No. Actually, the only missing – you know, we’re chatting about – before the cal began, so we’ll share it with the rest of you, if you’re doing the math on the number of wells that we’re not doing – we’re not going to drill that were originally in the plan, you would have to factor in that some of the wells that gets spud would have, but no longer will. But in the plan we’ve gotten spud late in 2012, they would have had a fair amount of their CapEx occurring in 2013. So you’ve got the 130 – just one decision causes a reduction in CapEx in 2012 of $135 million, which we stated and roughly, let’s say $25 million in 2013 from those 2012 wells. I mean, you spud the well but you would have still had more work to do fracking at such that would have bleed into 2013.
