Patrick John Kane: Thanks, Dana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in EQT Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Dave Porges, President and Chief Executive Officer; Phil Conti, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Randy Crawford, Senior VP and President of Midstream and Commercial; and Steve Schlotterbeck, Executive Vice President and President of Exploration and Production. This call will be replayed for a 7-day period beginning at approximately 1:30 today. The telephone number for the replay is (412) 317-0088. The confirmation code is 10037707. The call will also be replayed for 7 days on our website. To remind you, the results of EQT Midstream Partners, ticker EQM, are consolidated in EQT's results. There was a separate press release issued by EQM this morning and there is a separate conference call today at 11:30 a.m., which creates a hard stop for this call at 11:25. If you are interested in the EQM call, the dial-in number for that call is (412) 317-6789. In just a moment, Phil will summarize EQT's operational and financial results for the second quarter 2014. Then Steve will comment on the findings of our review of our dry Utica acreage and finally Dave will provide an update on our transmission projects and GP cash flow projections and evaluation included in our updated analyst presentation, which was posted on our website this morning. Following Dave's remarks, Dave, Phil, Randy and Steve will all be available to answer your questions. I'd like to remind you that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. You can find factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements listed in today's press release under Risk Factors in EQT's Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2013, filed with the SEC, as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are on file at the SEC and are available on our website. Today's call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to this morning's press release for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. I'd now like to turn the call over to Phil Conti.
Patrick John Kane: Thank you, Dave. That concludes the comments portion of the call. Dana, can we please now open the call for questions.
Patrick John Kane: I don't think have the details on that but all we did for that guidance was to just take the published strip for the local basis and average it for the 6 months. So we're not really trying to make a prediction that's different than the strip.
Patrick John Kane: Joe, we gave a specific forecast on what we think were differentials for the second half of the year. So from a local basis perspective between minus $1 and minus $1.10, but we think because we have capacity and are able to get to some higher-priced markets, we were able to recover $0.60 to $0.65 to kind of a net $0.50 negative.
Patrick John Kane: It's a combination -- it's different every period, Michael. So it's really tough to give you specifics. But the intent was that separating the recovery from the expense of transmission, which is what we did in this quarter's presentation, should allow you to take the -- it would give you the sales points where we're selling our gas. So you should be able to use the weighted -- the weighting of the volumes at those points and the pricing at those points to better approximate the net of the local bases and the higher prices at the other sale points. And that would give you -- and that would be reflected in the recovery line would be the higher price portion of it and the basis is basically the first delivery point for our gas.
Patrick John Kane: Basically, we've been pretty much 20% growth of EBITDA for the last several years. And we haven't given a forecast for volumes for next year but certainly seem to be on track with that to continue.
Patrick John Kane: Yes, you have to kind of look at consolidated because of the dynamics of the drops. So if you look at the consolidated Midstream EBITDA, it's a pretty steady growth trajectory. Obviously, whenever you're taking, dropping $100 million or so from one entity to the other midyear, it's going to make the sub-comparison choppy. But if you look at the consolidated growth, it's pretty predictable.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Phil. As we discussed at the time of the first quarter call, we were revisiting our geologic and engineering analysis of the dry Utica/Point Pleasant potential on our acreage. As we look at the initial results of the wells drilled so far in the play by other operators, our technical teams are very encouraged that the results are basically in line with what our models would predict. Until now, we've been hesitant to drill our own well based solely on those models, given the lack of well control. But we think it is now time to drill a test well on our acreage. Based on our review, we have approximately 400,000 acres that could be prospective for Utica. There's little disagreement that there is a tremendous amount of gas in place in the play. The question is whether or not the gas can be profitably produced, as each well could cost as much as $15 million. Based on our work, we decided to drill the first test well in Greene County. The main reasons for this were: one, the geology under Greene County looks quite good; and two, we have existing pads, roads, and takeaway pipes in place that could be leveraged if we are successful. We realize that this well is an experiment and could result in a $15 million dry hole, but the upside, if successful, is tremendous. We've begun the permitting process and expect to spud the first well before year end. We'll keep you informed of our progress. Shifting gears, we published an update to our Marcellus analyst slide this morning. We updated our acreage position to add 20,000 acres that we acquired over the past few quarters. We also framed the fourth Marcellus development area in the dry window of northern West Virginia. We have 30,000 net acres in this area. There are about 300 locations and we have 46 producing wells there. The EURs are about 15% less than our wet West Virginia acreage but about 25% higher than Central Pennsylvania. We are drilling 18 wells in the area this year. We also published an upper Devonian type curve for the first time. As those of you that have listened in the past, we like to wait for data from actual wells before publishing type curves. We estimate a mid-40% return from our upper Devonian wells. Finally, we increased the average EUR of our Southwest Pennsylvania acreage to reflect better performance from the wells drilled there. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think, Neal, first of all, we're viewing this first well as a test. So it's an experimental well. We see lots of resource potential, I mean there's a lot of gas in place. I think that's pretty clear to everybody. But there are some challenges. It will be the deepest well we've drilled. It will be the deepest Utica well drilled so far, I believe. So I think it's going to be around 13,500 feet deep. So there are some -- not so much drilling questions, but I think on the completion side we have some questions we need to answer and some tests we need to run. So for now, this is an experimental well. Our view though is, if successful, and depending on the ultimate economics of the Utica development, I think we would develop it on existing pads or in combination with Marcellus drilling. We don't see a need for separate pads or separate facilities. It could all be done in conjunction with each other.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't think so. I don't think we're too worried about the drilling aspects. Our test well is planned to be about 6,400 feet. We feel very comfortable with that. And I think, we feel like we'll be able to go longer. Probably our biggest questions in our mind concern the pressures and the stresses, so what's the right propping. We know we won't be able to use sand, so we'll be using most likely ceramic propping. What strength do we need, what sort of pumping pressures are we going to see and pump rates can we get at this depth in those pressures. So a lot of experimentation to do. We're kind of sort of in a new frontier here in terms of depth and pressures. So there's -- we have some questions to answer on this first well.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think, probably the simplest way to think about it, back of the envelope, is the wells are going to cost twice as much as a Marcellus well, so they're going to have to produce twice as much to be competitive. They can obviously produce less than that to be economic. But I think our -- given the large inventory of Marcellus opportunities we have, our real goal is to make it competitive with the Marcellus, not just meet our cost to capital. So basically we're looking for double.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I'm not sure it quite works that way. It's really, the well -- it happens to be about double our estimate but it's really based on the specifics. And because of the depth of the Utica under a lot of the most perspective acreage, they're going to be expensive. And I think that range, the range that we're providing is driven more by what strength casing we're going to need and what kind of horsepower and pressure limits on our frac equipment is going to be required. So those are things that we're going to have to drill a well to find out. But that's why there's such a big range now. And I think a lot of the costs go into higher propping, higher horsepower. So it's -- a lot of the extra costs are coming on the stimulation side. There's a little more cost because of the depth on drilling but it's really driven by increases in our frac-ing needs.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, I mean, I think when we provide guidance, we're giving you our best estimate and sometimes things go more favorably than we expect and sometimes we have some issues that we didn't expect. In this quarter as we mentioned, we had 22 wells that were delayed for a couple of different reasons, mostly around just getting them in line. But just for reference, that's 22 wells from 3 pads on average delayed about 2 weeks. So because of the large number of wells per pad and the large production per well, it doesn't take a long delay to have some fairly significant impact, positive and negative. So if things happen a little faster, our numbers can exceed pretty easily. And if they're a little bit late, they can miss. In the end of the day it's all timing. I think when you look on a calendar year basis, the impacts are pretty minimal.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, Holly. I think, it's the change in well count is really driven by the fact that we expect to have a rig available in the fourth quarter. And when we think it will be available and get the first well spud. We think we'll likely be able to spud 3 more wells and that well count includes a well started by Range, being finished by us, that we're actually starting a frac job today on that well. So that's well 1 of those and then, 2 or 3 more at the end of the year just to keep the rig running. All Upper Wolfcamp targets in the western part of our acreage position where we feel very comfortable about the economic returns.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Actually, most of them are held by shallow production or Marcellus but they're nearly 100% held by production.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: It's a bit of a mix. We did acquire some acreage in that area recently. But I think the bulk of it was existing acreage.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: No. Service cost has been holding fairly steady over the last quarter. And I think our view is we expect that to continue at least through the next quarter, hopefully, longer. I don't expect certainly any reductions, but we're not really feeling a lot upward pressure at the moment either. I would like to, while I have the microphone, clarify my previous comment. We have 65,000 acres in Greene County with Utica rights.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: We haven't set out a '15 plan yet. But I think, generically speaking, it won't be to delineate the entire position. I think our strategy will be to -- the bulk of the investment will be focused on the Upper Wolfcamp in the areas where we feel pretty confident about the economics. With some test wells sprinkled in, perhaps, in the Lower Wolfcamp or the Cline. And also with a couple sort of testing the eastern limits, sort of to find out where that economic threshold is going to be on the acreage. But I think the bulk of the investment will be focused on areas we think we can get good returns with some delineation tests sprinkled in.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: We have frac-ed the wells, and they will be flowing them back shortly. As we said previously, we don't intend to provide updates, specific flow information on those wells, but they are on the previous schedule that we talked about.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Michael, I mean, obviously, as David said, there's a lot contingent on the weather and the conditions and the power generation load, and in the winter, certainly, there's certain aspects of seasonality as we saw this in our first quarter results in the winter. So there's significant -- our team, and the portfolio approach that we take attempts to maximize our sales priceline by optimizing the portfolio. So I think with regard to M3, we're seeing some significant price advantages this past winter and depending on the conditions, we may very well see a similar result.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, as I said, we take a portfolio approach, so it changes. But we do have some fixed but we also have others that are out of floating. So that -- overall, we intend to manage our price through a mix of each. I don't have the specific percentages.
David L. Porges: Yes, I think, I'd rather not do that, Neal, other than -- well, first thanks for your question, and I'd rather not do that other than just mention that we are looking at what a lot of other folks have done but frankly, when I've gone through the list of alternatives in the past, it hasn't turned out well. So I just assume, we -- yes, you probably remember. But you just recall that we did -- we've been saying around year end for a little while and we both know that there are, we all know on this call probably, that a number of different companies have gone down this path before they picked different routes. And we've taken a look at a lot of that, and we've used some experts, some investment banks, et cetera, to try to help us think that through. But frankly, I'd just assume we'll leave it at that, if that's okay.
David L. Porges: Really, it's just to pursue the strategy that we've had with both the upstream and the midstream. As I think we've said in the past, Holly, we've got no desire to let cash burn a hole in our pocket. I think that it hasn't in the past when we've been in this situation. I understand we went through a period of years where that wasn't the situation. But we will not, for instance, accelerate just because we have cash. It is -- we're going to make what we think are the decisions that are most likely to create value for shareholders. It does factor in a little bit in decisions on whether we build midstream projects at EQM or EQT, but realistically EQM has had access to capital markets at pretty fair pricing since it's been around. So that hasn't really factored into it too much. And we'd also like investors to have a sense that we are in fact able to continue the development programs that are -- represent the optimal development of our resource base for a period of time. That we're not constantly having to look behind the sofa cushion as it were to find extra loose change.
David L. Porges: Not because of having cash available, no. That would be -- if we look at things with the Marcellus or the Utica or for that matter now, I guess, you would say the Permian, and we think that's the best way to create value, then we'd certainly be interested in doing that. But it isn't -- we try to studiously avoid being affected by the fact that we happen to have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. I think that's a good way to fritter away value over time, and we don't wish to do that.
David L. Porges: Actually, I'm happy to let Steve comment on the Permian. I think we've talked about the deal as a whole, which was that the Nora was non-core for us and we've known for a long time it was more interesting for Range than it was for us. But I think we've kind of commented on that and the Permian was at the top of our list when we looked at other basins. But as far as what we're up to there, I'll turn that over to Steve.
David L. Porges: Well, we're still working through that. I don't know that we have anything to announce on further drop timing right now. I will observe that EQM has had a pretty ready access to the capital markets. But for us a lot of is making sure that an asset is ready to drop also, that we have those arm's length agreements. I know we've talked about that in the past, but we've long had tariffs, but you really need to -- with separate entities, you need to make sure you have the full agreement in place and that all other legal aspects are better taken care of as well. So I don't really have any announcements on drops other than we're just going to continue to plug along.
David L. Porges: We're still working through that process. We had, early on, recognized that one of the things that we need to do as part of this process is provide a bit more transparency on GP cash flows to investors and that's the only reason that we put this out when we did. We just -- this is still consistent with our thought process of trying to get to some type of an idea of what we think makes sense by the end of the year. So I really don't have a view on timing beyond -- since we're really just kind of, I guess, you'd say almost like halfway into that process or a little more than halfway I guess.
David L. Porges: And generally speaking, it's -- we're going to have more opportunities when there's a lot of demand in some of those other areas. So for instance, cold weather will help, just as it did in the first quarter. And milder winters would mean that there wasn't as much opportunity, some, but not as much.
David L. Porges: So basically, it is tracking the production growth. I mean, we're obviously been having more and more that's third-party but generally speaking, we've been trying to organize it so that the projects that support nonaffiliated producers are at the EQM level. So at the EQT level, generally speaking, you're going to wind up seeing results, growth results that track EQT's production growth.
David L. Porges: Not really, just a normal update based on results seen to date. So it wasn't a big change but it was enough that we thought we'd communicate it to you. But really nothing more than that.
