Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I'm very excited about the catalysts on the horizon, which I expect to shine a spotlight on the inherent value of our business and the value proposition for investors. These include one, the compelling and structural positive momentum driving the gas macro backdrop, setting up robust and sustained free cash flow generation. Two, the announcement of the shareholder return framework that is right around the corner. Three, an investment grade rating that is on the horizon, further driving increased free cash flow generation and improved liquidity. And lastly, our modern approach and ESG leadership will continue to drive sustained long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders in the sustainable shale era. With that, I'll open the call up for questions.
Toby Rice: Sure. Thanks, Arun. Yes, so how we're thinking about the capital allocation. We're certainly looking forward to getting to more details before the end of the year. But I'd say the priority is going to be on buybacks and dividends, less so on M&A. Obviously, that's going to be dependent on where our stock is trading, the value we see on the consolidation framework. But right now, where we're sitting, the priority will be to be on buybacks. I do think dividends will be a part of the program. I think having a base dividend is sort of going to be the ticket to play in sustainable shale eras. So you will see something that is modest but meaningful. And looking forward to laying all that in more detail by the end of the year.
Toby Rice: Yes, Neal, our program is pretty baked, I'd say, for the next six to nine months. But we do look at our schedule every quarter, every month to prioritize, to put the best rate of return projects on the schedule and see if we can put those as close to the front of the line as possible. Obviously, the move in liquids has increased the economics of our liquids-rich wells. And certainly the acquisition from Chevron gives us an inventory of those opportunities. And the team is looking to prioritize those type of projects and bring those sooner up in the schedule. But I don't anticipate any change in the next six to nine months of what we're putting out.
Toby Rice: Yes. So we have two certifications. We have Project Canaria when we have EOMIQ. We're both done on that. So we have effectively, we'll call it, up to four Bcf per day of certificates. And so we've, I'll call it, had now three contracts, one which obviously was a very large one. And we're working on several others.
Toby Rice: Sure. So yes, the two deals that we did, Chevron and Alta, I think have proved to be very accretive. One of the driving factors there is we, I think, did a pretty conservative underwriting, do not have to pay for significant inventory. And we did those transactions at a 2 60, two 70 strip. Obviously, where the strip has moved is going to show that those -- the values of those assets have risen considerably. I think today, looking at where the market is, I think from a consolidation standpoint, probably not going to be our best way to create sustainable value at these prices. So we've essentially put our consolidation efforts on pause. And we'll continue to be disciplined, as always, to look for the best ways to create sustainable value creation for our shareholders. And we think with the opportunity that this company has, it's just looking at the value disparity in our stock. And now that we have had some tools to start correcting that, that will be where a consolidation will be focused. We'll be now potentially buying back our stock.
Toby Rice: Yes, there's been some positive improvements. I wouldn't say there's been surprises. We've identified some best practices. The way that Alta was doing. Compressor maintenance, I think, was the best practice and we'll tuck in. We're early on taking over operations, but in very short order, the drilling team has showed their strengths. The first pad we started developing and I think it was a 9-well pad, two wells were already drilled. The drilling team has already almost essentially doubled the drilling speeds on those locations. They did that through reevaluating landing zones, tweaking the fluid design, switching out the direction of tools from rotary steer -- from conventional mud motors to directional -- to rotary steerables. And we've seen rate penetrations take up. I mean, it's pretty much what this drilling team has done on when they took over here at EQT. So that's been a big improvement. And the impact of cost there, I'd say historical costs on Alta from the drilling side was around, call it, $240, $250 on the horizontal portion. That's a dollar per foot. And the new drilling techniques and the performance is taking drilling costs down to around $140, $150 a foot. So big positive improvement there, but not surprised that the team is executing.
Toby Rice: Josh, our free cash flow forecast is underpinned by a maintenance program. We are not contemplating growth.
Toby Rice: Yes. Operationally, we do execute a managed choke program for all new wells that we turn in line. So we're naturally choking back our wells for the first six to nine months. So that is an opportunity that lets us -- it's a lever we can pull to increase gas supply and take advantage of near-term price volatility. We have turned some of those wells open to get some -- to grab some extra production in the short term. And then as far as like our hedge book is concerned and sort of to the prior question that was asked earlier, is there anything else we can do there? The repositioning of our hedge book that we've done has really been focused on sort of the short term, which we think we have a much better read on how the macro will play out. And so we'll continue to assess the environment as we get closer toward -- as we get through this winter through 2022, we'll always be looking at optimizing our hedge book to match what we think is going on in the market.
Toby Rice: Sure. At a very high level, our Southwest PA Marcellus wells, we still are expecting to come in, in that 6 75 to six 80 range. At a corporate level, I think our ultimate goal is to get all the wells that we do to average around $700 a foot, has taken into account the West Virginia Marcellus, which is planned at $775 a foot and the Northeast Pennsylvania assets with Alta, which is going to be closer to $750 a foot. We're going to see probably the biggest gains from a performance perspective on West Virginia and the northeastern side of things. That's going to set us up to be in a position to deliver well cost around $700 a foot. That is taking into account some inflation. We are seeing single-digit inflations on -- focused on things like steel, diesel and labor. Steel is probably the one that we think could correct itself in the near term. So we're being very selective in what we procure on that front. Diesel, we've sort of insulated ourselves from the impact of the rise in diesel cost, and that's primarily due to the move to electrified frac fleets. We've eliminated well over 25 million gallons of diesel consumption per year from our program. And then the last one is labor. And I think this is every industry is struggling with shortage of labor. One thing I would say is that one of our biggest moats that EQT has against service cost inflation is the efficiency of our base operations. It's important for EQT to drill, to have really great operating efficiencies on the amount of horizontal feet we drill, the amount of we frac each day. Because those operational efficiencies are translating to efficiencies with our service providers, and it allows us to be more efficient and combat inflation going forward. So while we are planning for some, I think we've set the company up to still have an opportunity to continue to drive down our costs.
Toby Rice: Yes. And I think it's a great question, we get that question a lot. Getting exposure to LNG, I think, is important. But when you look at our portfolio, a lot of people don't recognize that EQT, we have exposure to the Gulf Coast. We've got over 1.2 Bcf a day of FT down to the Gulf, which is almost -- almost the largest position of any producer down there in the Haynesville. So we've got a significant amount of exposure down there. So really that strategic box is sort of checked, and it just comes back to what are going to be the most accretive opportunities for us to look at. And I think you got to understand what we have here in Appalachia is really special. You've got very low maintenance CapEx requirements up here. We've obviously got really great -- really super low F&D costs. And it's a little bit of a different story down there in the Haynesville with higher well costs, higher declines. And we just got to sort of balance that. But strategically, we've got the FT down there to access to the international markets, and that's something that the teams are really, really working on optimizing some more there as well.
Toby Rice: But I'd just say, as far as the types of instruments we use, swaps were largely used in the past, I think, to get our floors. I think the floor as you'll see going forward are going to come more from puts, whether we just purchase those outright or use those as part of a cost as collar. At the end of the day, it's going to be a more balanced approach. I think in the past, it's been more focused on getting that prioritizing the floor. Now the balance is going to be making sure we have a floor, but also recognizing the upside, because we do believe volatility will continue and we have a balance sheet that will allow us to take a more balanced approach, and that's what we're going to deliver.
Toby Rice: Yes, great question. I think in the short term, the projects that are in queue will see LNG export capacity go to around 17 Bcf a day over the next few years. But I think that the bigger question is really going to be how much more natural gas does the world need? Obviously, significantly more. I think when international companies are looking at -- countries are looking at where they're going to source their gas, there's three countries: it's Qatar, Russia or United States. And this is a major opportunity for this country to lead in being the provider of natural gas because the emissions from natural gas producer in Appalachia is 1/10 of that in Russia. And I think the world, hopefully, is starting to get a clear picture on what the future of energy looks like. And we think that energy is going to be -- has the following criteria: it's the cheapest, most reliable and the cleanest form of energy. And when you look at energy through that lens, natural gas is the clear leader. And so we'd like to see natural gas play a leading role in our energy future. I think when you look at what's going on in the world today, you look at what's happening at Europe and Asia, it seems to get our focus there. But there's other issues happening all around the world as it relates to having a lack of clean, reliable, low-cost energy. We started looking at some data, and there's a country that has experienced over 19,000 blackouts because they don't have enough access to reliable, low-cost, clean energy, 19,000. That country does experience a blackout every four hours, and this is over the last 10 years. That country is the United States, and people are surprised to hear that. And we also need to think about the amount of natural gas that needs to be deployed here domestically. It's a clear sign that if there's issues with the reliability of our grid, we obviously see the reliability issues around the world. There's so much more that natural gas can do. And I think with a comprehensive energy policy that prioritizes natural gas as the leading energy choice, American shale will be there to supply that energy. We've done it to bring energy independence to the country. We'll be here to provide energy security for the world. But we need to see comprehensive policy that supports infrastructure, LNG exports and let American shale be unleashed to do the great work that it can do and meet the energy needs that the world demands.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think you look at the strip we have right now, and it's certainly backward dated. But the returns today would justify more investments, but that's not -- it's not the only factor that we're looking at. To generate sustainable value creation, it's -- we need more than just short-term price signals. We need to see that we've got long-term demand for our product. And that's why infrastructure is important. That's why public policy is important. And I think you're going to need to see those things to prioritize operators to pick back up and deliver the energy that this world so clearly needs.
Toby Rice: Yes. Good question. I mean, I think there is an over -- there has been an overreaction, but not as it relates to the need and grab for natural gas, that is clearly justified, and that's due to the significant underinvestment that we've seen in traditional energy over the past five years. The overexaggeration, I think, that a lot of people are seeing right now is as it relates to sort of the environment and climate change. And some of the reasons why we've seen some of these extreme situations play out in Europe is because people have prioritized the green aspects of energy over and sacrificed low-cost reliable for that. And I think at the end of the day, we need to take a realistic, practical approach, balanced approach, toward the energy that we utilize. And it's got to be low cost. It's got to be reliable and it has to be clean. And I think that an effective policy is going to be one that prioritizes natural gas, which is obviously the best at meeting all three of those criteria.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everybody. It's certainly exciting times in energy, and we look forward to capturing even more opportunities and creating more value for our stakeholders. Thank you to everybody and the crew for all the hard work this quarter really excited about the future ahead. Thanks.
David Khani: Yes. So this is Dave. So we have a sales agreement with the buyer, who's -- and so we will make, on top of the -- on top of the cost of shipping the pipe -- of taking the pipe, we have a fee on top of that, that we -- that includes both the cost of the gas as well as the RSG. So there's, we'll call it, a premium that's on top of the cost of the pipe.
David Khani: It's very meaningful. I think we can't -- it's a confidential contract, so we can't disclose it, but it's very meaningful. And again, it's embedded in our forecast that we gave for 2022 and really the full impact of 2023 and beyond.
David Khani: Yes. So if you've noticed, we repositioned hedges earlier in 2021 when already hit. And so we had looked and figured out that when gas had dropped down to, we'll call it, 240, we were able to reposition. So yes, we'll consistently reposition our portfolio. We'll take advantage of the volatility. So we're not done yet.
David Khani: So the first part of your question, yes, both parties have an option here to be able to extend this out. So we will have that discussion, we'll call it as we get closer to year-end six. And we get the opportunity to restrike the AMA fee as well. And so that would be good for us. And then just to know that, that pipe, we'll call it, it sits in the upper $0.70 range. And that effectively, should we route the same level pipes that over time can ask for higher rates. But as of now, we would anticipate it to be about that high $0.70 rate.
David Khani: Yes. And if we did, by the way, you hit it right, there's less gas going forward in basin because of those two types that come -- that are on and what we get yet. So in theory, it would probably stay in the local market. But we're -- going forward, that number is a much smaller percentage.
David Khani: Yes. So just think about -- in the fourth quarter, we're going to have roughly $450 million of free cash flow. We're going to have, we'll call, a significant portion of the margin posting going away as incremental cash, okay? Right now, we're calling that $300 million based upon October 22. And we obviously also have our E-Train stock, that's another, we'll call it, $250 million. So there's $1 billion sitting right there, we'll call it -- that's circled before we even touch 2022. Did that answer your question, Josh? I guess we moved on.
David Khani: Yes. So just to understand, one, every month that rolls off, our margin posting comes down. So most of it goes away really, we'll call it, over the next four, five months just naturally through -- and so they really become much less of an issue. And October 22, we said our margin posting was $400 million. So it's really less of a drag. It's actually going to be more of a tailwind. So let's just start off with that. And then second, we do speak to the rating agencies on a fairly regular basis. And we think as we initiate our debt retirement, we'll have the ability to be, we'll call, investment-grade metrics sitting probably somewhere in the first quarter or second quarter of next year.
David Khani: Sure. So in the fourth quarter, we have a floor level of about 74%. We have a ceiling level of about 70%. So we -- by taking those caps off, we've really opened up the ceiling in the November, December time period now where gas prices are rallying here, we're actually at 60% ceiling. That's -- and at a 70% -- 72% floor, that's the same spot we're sitting in the first quarter. So we really have opened up the winter. And then for 2022, we're sitting at about 64% floor and about 72% ceiling.
David Khani: Yes. So just if you step back, in the way we hedged before, we had -- we call it a defensive part of our hedge, which locked in a leverage ceiling and locked in a certain amount of free cash flow, and was very purposeful because we had a maturity wall that we had to pay off, including that we'll pull now, the last bit of it which is the $600 million of 2022 notes. And then we had what we call the offensive piece, where we would try to grab our price view and be more offensive in that nature. And then the other piece I'd just say is whenever we did acquisitions, we get layered on hedges to make sure that we locked in that free cash flow and the economics of what we did. So going forward, if we're not -- if first we don't do any acquisitions, we're just going to really look at the defensive piece now the percentage that we need to hedge as our leverage comes down as -- and the fact that we don't -- won't have any, we'll call, purposes -- the debt that we really have to take out, we will be able to hedge and we'll call a much lower level from a defensive position there. And then for the offensive side, we're going to sit and decide at what percentage we want to hedge up to. But we can also change, I'll call it, the tools in which we use. We can use more collars. We can use more puts to be able to not just put a ceiling in place, but just put a floor in place. So those are things that we're working on. We have a little bit of time to do because we're really thinking about this really more for how do we layer on hedges for 2023.
David Khani: Yes. It's always about a percentage of our production, but we're trying to solve for a leverage ratio and, in some cases, a free cash flow number. And so that percentage, because of defensive nature, will drop meaningfully. So for example, in the past, that number was sitting, call it, between 40% and 60% the last two or three years because of our leverage and the amount of debt we need to pay down. That number is going to drop very meaningfully now because of our leverage and the fact that we will solve the maturity wall.
David Khani: So this is Dave. So if you think about it, we're running maintenance. So the activity level is not -- the five year dollars are not going to be changed materially from where they were last year on the base. We have, we'll call it, the incremental Alta reserves, which I think we talked about midyear and that around the acquisition. The only real change, I would say, materially will be a little bit of tails tied to the -- tied to the change in the commodity price. And so -- and that's really it. So I wouldn't imagine the reserves changing materially because of that. I think if we were ramping up activity on either our base or the Alta acquisition, then you could see us probably book more proved reserves. But that's not going to be the case.
