Toby Rice: Thanks Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points. One, the pending Tug Hill and XcL acquisition underscores our disciplined M&A strategy, adding low risk bolt-on assets to our business with clear industrial logic, a compelling valuation, material cost structure accretion and the opportunity to capture meaningful synergies. Two, we have returned approximately $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders this year, including almost $600 million of share repurchases and convertible note retirements at an average price of $31 per share. And our updated capital returns framework on the back of the Tug Hill deal provides material room for additional shareholder returns moving forward. Three, our move to combo development has driven significant well productivity gains since we took over EQT in 2019. And this tailwind along with our team's optimization efforts, has allowed us to ameliorate the impact of third-party constraints this year. Four, the ARCH2 hydrogen hub collaboration has the potential to lay the foundation for the next leg of decarbonization efforts at EQT, taking advantage of differentiated access to vast low-cost low emissions natural gas in Appalachia. And finally, we were honored to join the S&P 500 earlier this month, and see our inclusion in the index representing another significant milestone on EQT' 's journey to becoming the operator of choice for all stakeholders. I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Toby Rice: Yes. Good morning, Arun. So one thing I think that's worth noting is the waterline issues have been resolved, the pipelines have been fixed. And so those issues are behind us. Some of the supply chain issues that we face with some other third-party vendors; I think those issues will nagging at us. But we're doing everything we can to build an amorphous ability to program. I'd say all of these impacts together, largely are behind us. And I think we should be back on pace by mid-23 with that 2 Tcf run rate production base.
Toby Rice: Yes, Arun, I think the answer there will be dependent on how much we can beat the baseline operational efficiencies that we have baked into our program. And then also looking for other optimization efforts within the system that's in front of us, that would be additive to what our base plan is. So I think, I mean, the punch line is the team is shown the ability to claw back and we're still fighting for every -- and every Mcf. And we think there could be an opportunity for us to get there, but it'll be dependent on those actions.
Toby Rice: Yes, Umang, so yes, I'd say the activity set should be fairly normal to for normal year. It's just the timing of when the wells will come online. So the bucket of wells that got pushed out in '22 have about a five-month lag time of putting them online due to the water issues that we had. And so that's why we'll get back to sort of that $500 million plus run rate by mid-year. But the activity set overall should be a cost standard fairly normal per year.
Toby Rice: Yes, conversations are still progressing across the LNG value chain from LNG developers, marketers and buyers. I'd say the desire for bringing more LNG into this world has continued to strengthen, and we're having some pretty good conversations, but we'll come back when we have anything that materializes into something material.
Toby Rice: Yes, so outside of the waterline issues that have been repaired getting access to some equipment, there's been some longer lead times that sort of the supply chain should we talk about then with all of this, we've got backup plans, and our flexibility to execute on those backup plans has been challenged because of some weather and we experienced some drought conditions that wouldn't allow us to get fracs at the operational efficiency that we needed. And so that's one of the x factors that is driving sort of the weather impacts that we laid out on that chart.
Toby Rice: Yes, Neal, I'd say with the best returns coming from Southwest Pennsylvania, the work that we've done to reduce costs in West Virginia have made those more competitive from a return's perspective. And then I'd also say over in the Utica, some of the science work that we've done, primarily widening spacing no surprises shown increased recoveries per foot makes those returns more attractive. So our ultimate goal is to sort of get to a place where we can improve the economics across all inventory, we're seeing that right now. And so I think, as we drive our schedule, it's really going to be dependent on these surface factors, number of wells, lateral lengths, combo development. And so that's sort of what drives the schedule on the makeup. I would say one of the things we look at is a board that shows the returns across every single project. And we are driving to drill our best acreage in our best wells first. And over 80% of our schedule is factoring on the projects that are in the top quartile of our inventory base.
Toby Rice: So the benefit of moving wells back in '23, I guess, to argue maybe, Frank, some of the service costs environment we do hope that service costs will abate a little bit, so that could be one of these benefits but right now we'd like have these volumes today, with current price backwards, we're pushing -- the other thing is, if you notice then slide 11 -- ability to pull things back with -- so that was I hope that we were able to beat out that -- cycle time improvement will carry forward with our wells bore. So we'll get them in and then -- benefit.
Toby Rice: Yes, I think our mix that we do is a good baseline -- I would say one of the other things that will help with Tug Hill coming on board is this was increased our flexibility to be able to make up for or operate with --
Toby Rice: Yes, we were hoping to get better insight and clarity on task forward with our science, these delays and some of the tils has happened on some of our science projects. So yes, inside, it's probably been pushed back, I'd say four to six months on the science as well.
Toby Rice: Sure, I think one thing that's very helpful with the Tug Hill asset is the fact that we will control and operate the midstream that's going to give us much more operational control and the ability to mitigate any issues. As far as production uplift is concerned. I mean, that's been the majority of the productivity gains has been well performance and also increasing, keeping, I'd say pure leading production uptime. Some of the other benefits that have come out of this and these efforts to enhance our ability to produce and meet schedule, there have been some best practices identified that will be incorporated and allow us to accelerate some volumes and shorten the cycle times on our base development plans going forward into the future. So there is a bright side of the dealing with these.
Toby Rice: Yes, on the water side, pretty tremendous opportunity. As you guys know, we've been building out our water network in West Virginia, to connect that water network to the Tug Hill assets, it's a very short jump, to put some water infrastructure in place to connect those two systems. This is going to allow us to manage produce water, pretty much across north, the western half of West Virginia. The benefits on the completion side, and surety on water delivery, the benefits on recycling, the benefits on just the logistics of handling produce water are very clear and a big part of the synergies that we're counting on so outside of the water, having the -- on the gathering side of things, being able to connect the Tug Hill system to some points we have in Ohio, that will streamline some of our gathering systems. And that will lead to some synergies as well. So the good thing with Midstream, I think the synergies that you can identify are typically pretty low risk. And so it's nice to see that we've got a complementary asset base that we can translate into synergies.
Toby Rice: Yes, that's a great question. I think, slide 7, we put a chart out there that I think really frames up how we think about this, when we think about new ventures, this is to help the energy transition that is taking place in the world. And the way that we look at energy transition is really in two parts. Number one, what can the United States do to continue to reduce emissions within its borders? But the most important question is, what can the United States do to reduce emissions outside of our borders, Unleash US LNG fits in the category of what the United States can do to lower emissions outside of our borders, that is the biggest green initiative on the planet. When we do that, we're going to be creating a surplus of natural gas in the United States, while slated for exports, it's going to create a number of opportunities where we can use natural gas to decarbonize the United States, and ultimately move from, gas to lower to zero carbon energy sources, like hydrogen, like carbon capture. And so while those concepts right now, I think, are a little bit unsure on what the profitability of those look like, we will invest modestly in those, I'd say more zero carbon technologies, this is going to allow us to achieve our higher purpose of lowering emissions in the United States. But before we would put any dollars, significant dollars there, we need to understand the profitability of those so really, the dollars that we're doing inside the US borders are really driven by the pilots to get an understanding of what the returns will look like. And then we'll get bring it back to our capital allocation framework. And see if this is the best use of our dollars, but we're definitely going to be leading on framing up what the type of returns perspective looks like, specifically around hydrogen and to have this coalition, this ARCH2 hub, is really going to position EQT to be very efficient with our time and dollars.
Toby Rice: Yes, it's hard, as far as the development approach with the Tug Hill, and this is one of the things we look at when we're looking at acquisitions is are we -- is this asset going to be suitable for, large scale combo development and Tug Hill assets are because the Tug Hill team was intelligent, and adopting, full pad development. So there's not a lot of child wells that we have to move around, they fully developed their pads, which is a great development program that sets us up for combo development.
Toby Rice: Yes, I think the most exciting technologies is technology that produces hydrogen and a solid form of carbon. And so we'll be testing some of that technology. But just standard technology that we know to make hydrogen today compare that with carbon capture, we can generate hydrogen, sub dollar 50 per kilogram. Right now, we look at hydrogen that the issues are really two issues before getting, big adoption of hydrogen. The first one is the cost for hydrogen. While we can make this stuff pretty cheaply, when you throw in the costs for transportation and the actual infrastructure takes to move hydrogen, you're looking at around $20 per million Btu. Why would the world choose that energy when they can buy natural gas for a price that's significant less than that. But what's really amazing is to think about when we Unleash US LNG, we will be creating an opportunity to rebuild, 50 Bcfe a day of new infrastructure in this country and when we build that infrastructure, we can build it hydrogen ready. And that means on lease US LNG, can underwrite a significant portion that is necessary to achieve the hydrogen economy is the future in this country. And if we can do that, then the feasibility of hydrogen becomes that much more attainable. And something that where is a really nice benefit of unleashing US LNG lowering emissions around the world is going to help us lower emissions within our borders. The second aspect of hydrogen that needs work is creating demand for this stuff. And so this is really the chicken and the egg. People haven't used hydrogen because it's not -- people aren't making and people aren't making because people aren't using it. This hub with having these this group of hydrogen producers and hydrogen consumers working together is going to allow us to get past that chicken and the egg issue and I think it's going to be a really great example of the collaboration necessary to make these exciting zero carbon solutions a reality. More to come.
Toby Rice: Yes, so no, between the term loans, and the callable notes that's about a little over $2 billion. And we'll just figure out how we get the remaining piece, whether it's open market tender, whatever, we'll get to our targets. As you know, there's not a lot of friction in this environment, as the Fed is raising rates and, principal values keep coming down as a result of it. So we'll be able to achieve our targets, I think fairly efficiently.
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say, we have cushion here because each range because of principal values have come down in our debt, so I just say, we'll, if for some reason, we have to make that choice, but that's going to be more of a game plan decision. Gotcha.
Toby Rice: Yes, I mean, the other thing to also think about is, we have so much free cash flow, even beyond '23. That we have to think about how we use that as well.
Toby Rice: Yes, so as you know, we own 35% of that system. And what happens is we get a rebate effectively from the -- that doesn't hit our unit costs, it comes in as other basically. And that's just the function of as prices go up, our unit costs go up in that system, but then we get a rebate in this other area. And so that's how it works. So effectively, the unit costs are really netted down. Right now, we don't have any plans to sell it. I mean every once in a while, we get approached by outside buyers. But right now, as you can imagine we've made two acquisitions subsequent to Chevron, and they both had midstream, and so just know that midstream helps us control operations and lower our costs. And so the desire to sell midstream is probably low on our list.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on this quarterly call. The world is certainly more volatile, but one thing that's consistent is our asset performance continues to show improvements. Our cost structure continues to decline. We have a free cash flow profile that's going to allow us to essentially retire our market cap and achieve our long-term leverage targets in the near term. And we've got a good track record doing some really smart consolidated deals on the consolidation front that's driven accretion and value creation for shareholders. And with our Unleash U.S. LNG campaign and the strengthening desire for cheap, reliable, clean energy that is going to be American-made natural gas, I think is going to present a pretty exciting and compelling opportunity for sustainable growth for our shareholders, and we're really excited about the future. And we'll talk to you guys' next quarter. Thank you.
David Khani: That's right. We're going to -- we'll take a balanced approach to that and look at the value of our stock and look the debt and where it's trading and make the best decision.
David Khani: By the higher commodity prices. So it's -- yes, so our unit costs go up tied to M2, and then we get the 35% rebate effectively through our ownership. So you got to look at MCX, that will be -- determined.
David Khani: Yes. It's a big focus for us has been the areas that we've seen the most dramatic increase in cost to date, which has been on the steel side of things. So we'll continue to focus on that.
