Toby Rice: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning everyone. Today, I will briefly touch on some of the key items we executed on in 2020 that reshaped the trajectory of this business, while natural gas and EQT in particular presents a compelling investment thesis review our operational and financial plans for 2021 and provide a free cash flow forecast of our base plan. Our team has been pushing hard to bring our vision into reality. While 2020 brought many accomplishments, there were a handful of critical actions that have set us up for long-term sustainable success. First, we entered 2020 staring down $3.5 billion of debt maturities due through 2022. We now sit with roughly $600 million, which can easily be managed with expected free cash flow, and we are on a glide path with sub two times leverage. Second, we drastically reduced our cost structure. We did this by slashing well cost by over $250 per foot increasing our production uptime from 85% to 98% and renegotiating our gathering contracts with Equitrans.
Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. 2020 was a critical inflection point for this company and it was essential that this team perform at a very high level to stabilize the business and secure its longevity, which is exactly what we did. We exceeded our financial and operational plans position the company for the long-term by strengthening our balance sheet and evolve the organization with the implementation of our modern operating model to sustainably create value in any environment.  The evolution of our digital platform will bring even greater governance, efficiency, and sustainability to our operational and financial performance as we move into 2021. As we continue this transformational journey, our commitment to the environment and the communities in which we operate will be at the heart of everything we do. We have the team in place. We have the strategy defined, and we have the cultural alignment established to take EQT to the next level. I'm excited about the trajectory of this company and the value we plan to deliver to all of our stakeholders. We appreciated everyone's interest and support along the way. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Toby Rice: Sure. Thanks, Arun. Good morning. So, the West Virginia Marcellus economics are going to be fairly similar to Pennsylvania. You can see on that slide where we show the lateral length that were spudding played a big factor in that. I think the other thing from a timing perspective, us having the ability to get this water infrastructure is also going to help from the cost perspective as well. So, I think when you step back and you look at the assets that we have, about 40% of our leasehold -- of our core leasehold is in West Virginia. So, it makes sense for us to start shipping some of our development to that area.
Toby Rice: Josh, we participated in that process. We bid conservatively and obviously didn't win. I think the move in commodity prices recently will be helpful in getting us to take down the offer that we do have on that portion of the asset.
Toby Rice: Sure. Neal, I would say everything we're doing here at EQT is to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders. So, our goal is to get our leverage sub two times before we can start thinking about that. I think the other thing that's important to keep in mind is this is our cost structure continues to lower just naturally through over time with the lowering gathering rates. And then also some of the other capital efficiencies that we're going to be seeing in the operating program. It's just going to give us more flexibility to accelerate our ability to start returning capital to shareholders. 
Toby Rice: Yeah. Sure. From a reservoir perspective, if you look at the heat map we put on slide seven shows that the geology is similar in West Virginia, that is in Pennsylvania. So we're -- we feel really good about the reservoir performance side of things. I think what's really important in West Virginia to be as economic as our Pennsylvania Marcellus is just more critical to leverage combo-development. In West Virginia due to terrain and roads, civil costs are going to be a little bit higher and combo-development is just going to be much more important. This combo-development one of the things that does is it lets you spread out those civil costs, lower those on a dollar per foot and also really streamlined logistics. And so that helps alleviate any of logistics issues you have with local roads. So, we've been patient. We've always been excited about the Western new assets, but we've been patient to make sure that we can set the table for combo-development. And the layout we have on slide 11 shows the development that we're doing out there, the wells we are spudding that we are going to be set for 15,000 foot laterals, long laterals combo-development is going to be a key to generate great returns in West Virginia.
Toby Rice: Sure. So, the $775 is what we plan on doing this year. The investments we're making in water infrastructure will certainly help us get to that number in the first year. But I'd say that the target is to get that number close to $735. As we get the full benefit of the water restructure, the civil spend that we're doing right now to set the table. So there's room for that number to come down. But right now, $775 is a good place where we feel comfortable. We can deliver it, but there's certainly upside to those numbers.
Toby Rice: Yeah. Great question. I'd say, we came in here a couple of years ago. Our focus really was on improving the capital efficiency of the organization. Part of that for us is going to be lowering our well costs. And one of the big things that we've -- big drivers behind that is going to be leveraging infrastructure to do that, whether that's existing infrastructure or a new water infrastructure to support our development West Virginia. I think anytime we spend any dollar, we look at the returns that we're going to generate. And this water infrastructure I think is -- we're really excited about the returns we can get. The cost savings we'll see from this will be in water infrastructure, will be around $130 a foot. It'll cost us around $60 a foot to install it. So, it's a net $70 per foot gain. One thing to point out there that those economics are based -- assuming this waterline is only going to schedule the wells that are already on our schedule. So that's about the 1.8 million horizontal feet. The fact that we have such a large amount of undeveloped inventory, that's not on the schedule, it needs it that -- we're going to be able to enjoy the benefit of this water infrastructure for years to come. So, we're pretty excited about, about the opportunity with this water. And I think just naturally from an operator perspective, we certainly have the skills and experience in working with water. And I think that water infrastructure is probably one of those asset classes that if that really makes a lot of sense being owned and operated by -- the operator just because of the high price points with logistics, as it relates to servicing the population.
Toby Rice: Holly, this is Toby. I think at a very high level, the extreme weather events that we're experiencing and the impact this has had on millions of Americans across this country, I think really is a good time for everybody to step back and reassess how critical infrastructure and energy is to -- for people to live our lives and enable modern society. And I think when you -- when the smoke clears and people doing the postmortems on exactly what we could have done better, I think that the balanced approach is going to be -- we need to think about not just a sector of the infrastructure, but all infrastructure. There's certainly more work we need to do with natural gas infrastructure. When we talked about some of the differentials we've seen across different parts of the country, one way to alleviate that is to use to put in more natural gas infrastructure projects like MVP are critical to connecting these markets and making sure that we can continue to supply the growing demand. So, I think, it's just an important reminder on how important energy is to our everyday lives and the things that we can do better.
Toby Rice: Yeah. I think that it's similar to what we saw in 2020. I mean, the reality is, we're still looking at a strip that's in the 250 to 260 range, so low commodity prices and the need for scale is going to be critical. I mean, I think that's going to be the next step for the show efficiency in this industry. I say it a lot of companies, EQT is not unique in the fact that we've made a significant improvement in pulling a lot of costs out of our business, but a lot of guys have done that. But when you step back and you realize that in Appalachia we've got 30 teams running around 30 rigs. You may have 30 efficient companies, but when you look at that, it's -- it could be more efficient. And that with -- the other thing is having multiple operators. It's -- you've got a lot of service providers that are running at, call it 50% utilization. And you've got multiple gathering infrastructures as well, that are maybe not being optimized and running at full utilization. So, I think consolidation naturally will help get the -- allow operators to take full advantage of their talent. Allow service providers take full advantage of their equipment and allow the infrastructure players to take full utilization of their systems. All of this is going to deliver a much healthier system and greater returns for our shareholders.
Toby Rice: Sure. At a very high level, at EQT, we're driven to be a leader in the responsible production and consumption of natural gas. So the ESG efforts that we're doing are really going to highlight the responsible production aspect of that mission that we have. And so, the Canary Project, which is the responsible gas certification is really just going to highlight that we are producing our gas in a responsible way. And so this project is going to basically entail putting out sensors on a couple of our pads to measure the methane levels, to get an accurate third-party assessment. That data is going to be processed by another third-party, the Colorado University. And then, with that we'll be able to really show our responsibility, produce our gases and we'll look for opportunities to scale that across the plant. So when we look at the cost of this, this could be a few cents increase to get our gas certified. But I think that the demand could be there from our utilities to know that they're purchasing a differentiated commodity from EQT, that stamp is responsibly produced.
Toby Rice: Yeah. And I think what we -- the data -- the chart we put on slide 14 really shows how there is a different level of performance across operators across the country and across the world. And I think for us to be able to say, this is what our performance looks like. It shows that there is a differentiation between the gas that we're producing up here in Appalachia specifically EQT. And what other sources of gas have from an emissions perspective.
Toby Rice: Yes. There could be -- I gave the commentary on the cost for us to do this responsible certification, just to give an -- a marker on sort of what that premium would need to be for us to incentivize us to do this across our entire program.
Toby Rice: Our West Virginia development is going to be about 25% liquids, 75% dry gas. The water infrastructure that we're putting really is driven by where we need it. Keep in mind, Chevron assets we picked in Marshall, which would be picked up in Marshall, which is going to be the liquids portion of our production. They already have a water -- we already have a pretty robust water system there. So we're really focusing our attention on areas that are sort of blank canvas.
Toby Rice: Great. Yeah. The long-term development is probably going to be 65% PA Marcellus, so that's still going to be the majority of our CapEx. But we do want to get moving on -- sorry -- to bring some of the benefits that we have developing channel and do that in West Virginia.
Toby Rice: Yeah. I think that's a great question. No doubt. There's a lot of new opportunities, I think, that are being presented as people start thinking about the energy transition. My view on this is I think that companies like EQT are uniquely positioned to take advantage of those opportunities, whether it's the fact that we've got billions of dollars of assets already in the ground finding new ways to take advantage of our product, whether that is using cheap Appalachian gas as a feedstock to power manufacturing, converted into another product that's a more desirable, higher price, that's one option. But I think when we step back and we look at energy transition in general, I think it's important for people to understand that shale has -- and in the people in shale, particularly the people here at the management team here at EQT, we've been through an energy transition before. I mean, this is not the first time, we -- vantage of transition that was, I think really impactful was the transition from conventional reservoirs to developing shale. And there's been some guys that have been very successful in navigating that path and capturing the opportunities that have made tremendous amount of dollars for their shareholders, and also made a really positive impact on all stakeholders. I certainly feel like we're one of those groups of people. And so that type of skillset, that type of experience is going to be really important as we look at other opportunities in front of us on the energy transition space. That being said, EQT is going to continue to focus on executing our base plan, and we're really excited about the opportunities to improve our core business, and we'll be opportunistic looking at other ways to extend the platform.
Toby Rice: Yeah. So, we say that local takeaway and demand is about 35 Bcf a day. We've got about 30 -- we've got about 32 Bcf a day of production. So, you can look at that and say, you've got cushion. But I think you look at what we put out on slide 19, and really the -- having some pipelines, have any outages, really creates a lot of volatility in this market. And so having extra outlets is going to be super constructive to long-term local base there. It's a pretty critical project for this basin and for other areas of the United States, like the Southeast, I want to decarbonize their grid with low carbon natural gas. If it don't, don't forget there is in-basin demand growth as well. There are nine coal plants within Pennsylvania alone, that probably will be at risk of going offline in the next few years. And then you have the Shell cracker, you have gas per generation, for example, there's a gas power generation plant coming online in our backyard that we will sell directly to -- in the spring. So there's going to be internal demand inside the basin, and then, hopefully MVP does come online.
Toby Rice: You're welcome. And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Toby Rice for closing remarks.
Toby Rice: Thanks everybody for your time on this call today. And we will keep working hard to keep the gas flowing and creating greater results for our shareholders and all stakeholders. Thank you.
David Khani: Yeah. I'd say we're still very confident that we will get more done. I think we have multiple conversations still going on. And so you think about what we said is the impact to the cost structure is about a dime on 100%. So if we -- 10% would represent about a penny impact across the whole cost structure, so some progress. And so, I'd just say stay tuned. We'll give you more progress as we execute more.
David Khani: Yeah. So, one is a recent pop in pricing is not in our forecast, that because we did our forecast as of January 31st. So as the weather was more recent than that. So, yeah. And so, our forecast of differentials is factoring in the seasonality of the spring and the fall, where you normally see water differentials, a little bit more wider in the fall than you do in the spring. It'll be very interesting to see what Eastern storage looks like at the end of this winter here. And what coal deliverability is as well as -- is a lot of the coal companies issues are very apparent. And the other thing to think about, because of our FT portfolio, there's been a lot of coal volatility in different locations. And so, having multiple pipes to multiple regions, and especially now that a big slug of it's back online gives us awesome, I'll call it optionality to create great value moving gas in and around to those regions.
David Khani: Yeah. So, to get to paydown the remainder of our debt, which is a very small amount in -- I mean there's 10 million left in 2021, there's about 550 roughly in 2022 on the maturity. We basically use free cash flow. We don't need asset sales. And if we -- we'll probably sell ETRN stake in 2021 as well, but we don't necessarily need that to paydown our maturities. And so, we still -- have the optionality of selling, I'll call that bucket of assets. That's probably well north of a $1 billion. We want to take a bazooka to a big piece of our debt. Yeah. And as far as, capital allocation, once we hit that sub two times leverage, I mean, the focus is certainly right now, returning capital to shareholders. I think, we're still have the mentality that for us to see any growth. You'd probably get to see a strip that we think is more flexible of a fair price for gas, which is probably closer to $3. And what strip is showing right now is as a reminder. There's base plan that we put out is based off the strip where gas prices are $2.55. So we think that there's material increased upside to where the commodity is right now. So, we probably would need to see a higher strip and even then production growth would be low single digits.
David Khani: Yeah. That's correct. And just this -- just to point of this, couple of things I just want to make sure everybody understands about our cost structure. The gathering rate reductions that we're going to see, those are already baked, that's going to happen. And then from a CapEx side of things, the natural shouting of our PDP decline -- our corporate decline is going to be increasing from the upper 20s today to the low to mid 20s years from now. And in all that is going to allow us to spend $50 million to $100 million less CapEx year-over-year to lower our CapEx numbers to the $800 million to $900 million that you mentioned.
David Khani: Yeah. I think we'll just -- we'll play it by year. There's -- we'll just look and see what the odds of MVP timing is that to make that decision. I think, we -- it either comes in the form of taking cash and repay debt or lowering our cost structure, which comes in as EBITDA. So, we'll just have to think through the calculus of that.
David Khani: Yeah. I guess, just piggyback a little bit, just I would say obviously storage levels are going to get drawn down a little bit faster than people probably anticipate. And so, I guess, probably puts more upper pressure. I'd called it in the other periods to get back there. And your point on the coal side, if you look at coal production, coal production is down about 20% and the rails and the producers -- it's not a -- it's a big ship to turn in a quick amount of time. So the question is, will there be deliverability? Utility stockpiles are actually not that high as you would expect. And so, the question is, as you head into maintenance season and then the summer season, we anticipated gas to coal switching to be somewhat meaningful. That'll be a big question mark, because of the stockpiles, the deliverability, and I'll call it an export market that's has been meaningfully higher than the domestic market. So it's creates the incentive to shift what you have out of the U.S. as opposed to keep it in.
David Khani: Yeah. And I think if you think about what happened with some LNG trade that didn't occur because of the emissions footprint. There's going to be, I call it, global search for really low emissions and Appalachia sits amongst the lowest emissions, not just the U.S., but probably as well globally.
