David E. Schlosser: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by providing an update on 2018 sales volume. As Rob mentioned, Q2 volume was within guidance at 363 Bcfe and represents a slight increase over Q1 volume of 357 Bcfe. We still expect sequential quarterly growth for the remainder of the year and are guiding Q3 at 370 to 380 Bcfe, an 8% quarter-over-quarter growth – increase adjusting for the Huron. Huron adjusted full-year guidance is now 1,490 to 1,510 Bcfe and is consistent with prior guidance. Moving on to operations, we continue to realize capital synergies from the Rice acquisition, as we develop our large contiguous acreage position. In our Southwestern Pennsylvania Core, our 2018 drilling program is now expected to deliver an average lateral length of 14,200 feet, which is 55% higher than our 2017 Southwestern Pennsylvania average prior to the Rice acquisition. In addition, our land group's efforts have also allowed us to lengthen approximately 70 prior year DUCs by an average of 3,000 feet each. As a reminder, we typically use top-hole rigs to drill the vertical section and curve of a well and then bring in a more expensive horizontal rig to drill the lateral. The timing gap created by swapping out the rigs, which is typically four to six months, creates an additional opportunity for land to extend laterals, even after we spud a well. This was of particular importance following the Rice acquisition, as we have the opportunity to significantly lengthen many wells, even though those wells had already been spud by EQT or Rice. As a result of these efforts and in conjunction with our 2018 drilling program realizing longer than planned lateral lengths, we'll reach our targets for feet of pay completed and feet of pay drilled, two important productivity targets, while spudding 34 fewer wells than we planned in 2018. On an activity level, the second quarter was the highest in EQT history with the company operating as many as 15 rigs and 12 frac crews. This resulted in nearly 680,000 feet of pay being fracked, which is 55% higher than our previous record. On the drilling side, we have already drilled as much footage in the first half of 2018 as we did in the full-year 2017. This activity was completed while making significant efficiency gains with fracked footage per day and drilled footage per day up 20% and 25% respectively over 2017 numbers. These results illustrate the benefits of EQT's manufacturing model and specifically our real-time operating centers. Finally, the increased activity in Q2 will result in higher sales volumes in Q3 and Q4 with us turning in line approximately 50% more feet of pay in the second half of 2018 as we did in the first half. We expect Q2 to be the high point for CapEx this year and reiterate our full-year guidance of $2.2 billion for well development. In the second half of 2018, we will return to a more moderate activity level, ramping down to six to seven frac crews running at the end of the year and 13 to 14 rigs. I will now turn the call over to Pat.
David E. Schlosser: Yeah. This is David. I'll tackle that one. I would say yes, we have. Certainly, the pricing environment is different than it was in the first half of 2018, especially on the pressure pumping side, which I think we've seen the most movement. So, I don't know if I have a exact number for you, but it's definitely downward pressure on pricing.
David E. Schlosser: Yeah. I think the driver of that was the lengthening of the laterals that we talked about in my script. So, that's lowering that, I think, by $0.01, I believe those development costs.
David E. Schlosser: Yeah. I think you should think about it in terms of it is just timing. I mean that has such an impact and we were really active fracking in the second quarter. So, that's going to probably lead to most of those TILs happening in the third quarter, and that's really all you should read into it.
David E. Schlosser: Well, on the first part of the question, I think what you're talking about, the C3-pluses was due to the Huron, the impact of Huron being gone. Maybe Blue will answer the second part of that.
David E. Schlosser: Nothing other than the first quarter maybe was a little on the high side because of weather, and in the second quarter, it didn't have those kind of impacts.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So, there's several things in that question, Brian. So, let me start and deal with them one at a time. Yeah, as we think about the appropriate growth rate for the company, we certainly see the need to balance generating free cash with a moderate growth rate. We're currently working through that with the board and we'll have a better guidance for you later in the year on what we think the forward growth rate will be. But we certainly do think there has to be a balance between returning cash to shareholders with growth. In terms of the share repurchase, we have a $500 million authorization from our board, and once we have used that up, depending on what the balance sheet looks like and what the environment is like, we could certainly consider going back to the board for further authorization. In previous calls and commentary, we have said that we want to see our leverage levels at less than 2 times debt to EBITDA and preferably more like 1.5 times debt to EBITDA. And so, that's the target range that we still believe is right for EQT going forward.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. I think clearly, Brian, in a higher gas price environment, higher realizations, the math on returns will tell us that we're better off to increase growth rates and production. But we haven't seen a significant move in realized prices. While there have been some modest improvements locally in bases, that's been partially offset by lower NYMEX pricing. So, I would say that that dynamic isn't pushing us to increase production at this point.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. I mean the real driver here was this was an avenue for us to right-size the EQT balance sheet and get to the liquidity levels that we want and be able to fund a share buyback prior to the spin, because we were retaining that value and it gives us confidence that we would have the available capital to fund the buyback without putting undue leverage at the SpinCo level, all right. So, we want – our goal all along was that we would have two independent companies with strong healthy balance sheets, and this was the most elegant way to accomplish that goal, as well as fund the share buyback.
Robert J. McNally: Yes, sorry. So, we're required by the IRS in the spin that we would have to dispose of those shares within five years. My expectation is though that we will do it significantly quicker than that, and it's not something that likely happens right out of the gate. So, I think that there will be some churn in the SpinCo shares as they trade to more natural shareholders. But within the first couple of years, I would expect that we would exit that position.
Robert J. McNally: Well, I think that the driver really is feedback from the market. It appears to us that there's not really an appetite by shareholders and capital markets in general to fund growth outside of cash flow. So, we think that getting to a position where our growth is within – we can fund it within cash flow and then also return some cash to shareholders is the right way to go. And I think that we've been – as an industry and as a company, we've been moving in that direction for at least the last year. So, in terms of what the particular growth rates are going to be, I would say it's less than what it has been historically. I don't think that 15%-plus growth rates are the right thing to do for the company and for shareholders. As we work through the budgeting process with our board this fall, we'll give you more concrete guidance on what that growth rate looks like. But it's also going to be dependent on what the commodity price environment is as well, where I think in a higher commodity price environment, we'll be biased towards a bit higher growth, and in lower commodity price environments, I suspect it's going to be lower.
Robert J. McNally: It could have a modest impact on 2019. But as you point out, the drilling activity that we have undertaken in 2018 largely sets the 2019 growth profile.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So, from here – we've essentially completed all of the clean-up transactions that we announced in April and the related financing transactions. So, I would like to say that I'm extremely happy with the progress that we've made and the hard work that our teams have done. I'm really impressed with what we've gotten done. So, what's left now is to file the Form 10, which we expect to do by mid-August, and then with that starts the process with the SEC, which – that timing then is a bit out of our control. It depends on how many rounds of questions the SEC has, and then we're also waiting on the PLR from the IRS. And we think that that likely pushes us into the fourth quarter now between those two gating items. I suspect that as we get closer to – as we get closer to separation, we will likely want to get out and meet with investors, and at that point, I think you'll get standalone guidance from both EQT and SpinCo. So, I don't know what the dates of that will be. But I think in the month leading up to the spin being finalized, you would expect to hear from us with more concrete guidance for both SpinCo and EQT.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. There's really not much of an impact for EQT. It will delay the time at which we can sell volumes at Transco 165. And so it just means that we'll have more volumes being sold at M2 prior to that, but the financial impact is fairly limited to EQT.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. Just, with delays and inefficiencies, costs go up. So, for instance, with the stay that the Fourth Circuit Court put in place, it's caused us to have to jump around a bit and hop over water crossings, and so it just become less efficient and that does drive costs up a bit.
Robert J. McNally: Well, I think that the $500 million share repurchase that we have authorized, that's all that we have authorized at this point, and the majority of the rest of the value will likely go for debt reduction. And we do think that getting down to that 1.5 times debt to EBITDA is the right place for EQT to be. It puts us in a strong liquidity position. We don't feel the need to get, to move it a lot lower than that. But if it were a little lower, that's fine too.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. I'd say just broadly it's just a deceleration of activity by us and some of our peers, where we're just – we've laid down a few frac crews, a few rigs, and it doesn't take much slack in that market for it to really impact pricing. So, I think it's just a general slowing and then there's a bit of excess capacity particularly on the pressure pumping side.
Robert J. McNally: Well, I'd go back to some earlier comments where I think that there's not much appetite for companies to grow outside of cash flow. And so, if you think that the industry as a whole is moving towards a model where growth is constrained by cash flow, then I think that that does put some downward pressure on growth rate, which then presumably creates some excess capacity in terms of services and might continue to put pressure on pricing.
Robert J. McNally: Certainly, if we see a meaningful move-down in service cost, then that does impact our well cost and we would update you on that as that progresses.
