Toby Rice: Thanks Dave. I'll wrap things up today with some brief ESG-related comments. I will keep the comments light as we intend to discuss our broader ESG initiatives in greater detail alongside the publication of our 2020 ESG report in the coming months. In the first quarter, I was honored to join the Bipartisan Policy Center American Energy Innovation Council. I look forward to working with the BPC and other members of the council to advocate for the role of natural gas and helping to achieve a clean energy economy through the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. On the same topic, during the quarter, we announced a partnership with Equitable Origin and MiQ to obtain certification on approximately 4 Bcf a day of gas produced from over 200 of our well pads. This certification project is in addition to the certification project we announced in January with Project Canary, further building upon our growing portfolio of certified gas. We've received multiple inquiries from customers and end users since making these announcements, which demonstrate that there is growing demand for certified gas, and we believe Appalachia is best positioned to capitalize on this differentiated product. Lastly, as the country's largest producer of natural gas and one of the lowest emissions intensive operators, we are in support of sound policies around regulation of methane that support natural gases roll in a low-carbon future. Our public support of reinstating the federal methane rule drives home our dedication to developing natural gas to the highest environmental standards, and we are in alignment with the actions taken by the U.S. Senate last week to reverse the rollback of these methane regulations. In closing, we are a values-driven organization that continues to perform for our stakeholders. Our modern operating model is solidifying our position as the operator of choice and a clear ESG leader. Over the last 18 months, this team has transformed EQT, establishing a clear path to realizing the full potential of our premier assets, which is a test case for the value we plan to realize from the Alta assets as we integrate them into our portfolio. We appreciate your continued support. And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A.
Toby Rice: Yes, Josh, I think our core development philosophy is developing our highest rate of return projects first. So I mean, there could be a shift in more activity to some of these really compelling returns that we're getting with the Alta asset. But that's a synergy that would be – that we didn't account for and that would be upside to the story. And then, in addition to that, from an operational perspective, I think you've seen the track record of what this crew has done by continually grind costs down and increase production uptime. I do anticipate that to continue on this asset, but again, that would be considered outside to our plan.
Toby Rice: Yes. From a consolidation perspective, I don't think anything really changes here. I mean, we sort of take everything on a deal-by-deal basis. Certainly, the focus is going to be realizing the full value from the Alta assets, and that's going to be our focus. We've also said, we've been pretty -- we felt the stand-alone story for EQT was compelling. That's even more true now with the pro forma organization is something we're really excited about. When we think about where consolidation happens, I think you just look at the risk nature of it, basis risk is something that is not a new risk. We have controls in place to manage basis. Getting more exposure within basin is something that we're going to be able to manage. And I think it's -- we look at the asset and this Alta asset is really unique. It's derisked, there's thousands of wells drilled in the area, it's high margin with the midstream asset and the mineral structure. So low-risk, high-margin business, spinning out a ton of free cash flow is driving really strong accretion on free cash flow per share and allowing us to deleverage the business. I think it's really compelling. And that's what will attract us as the most attractive opportunities for our stakeholders.
Toby Rice: Yes. This was a process -- I'd say, it probably started with the Chevron acquisition. I think, that was sort of a signal to people that consolidation was an opportunity to create value. And so, people saw the consolidation was happening. And so, there's some that was a process that was probably started about 6 months ago that we've been engaged with.
Toby Rice: Yes. We think we have enough inventory for more than 10 years. I think when you look at the amount of horizontal footage it takes for us to hold production flat; we put that out as around 225,000 feet. So, you're looking at about 2.5 -- 2. 2 million horizontal feet, is what you need to keep this production flat for a period of 10 years. When you do the math that would translate to around 55,000 acres. So, the 300,000 acres here, we feel very confident in the inventory that this asset provides.
Toby Rice: Yes. And just the other thing to note, we actually market the gas. So, we control the gas that comes out of that non-op position.
Toby Rice: Sure. So on Slide 8, we put a map that highlights the geology there. So you've got the core Northeastern Pennsylvania dry gas. That's the area that's largely not Aqua Chesapeake. And so, what's really great about this asset is a lot of people really weren't aware of this – this asset is like the type of rock that cab is drilling. I mean, it is the same – it is very similar geology. What's different, though, is the undeveloped potential. And when you look at the amount of development that's taken place in that core, you will see that on our non-operated assets, there’s a lot more running room for development potential. And so, that will translate to being able to deliver the rate of returns that we put on Slide 7. And then, when you compare those, our head stores returns are really driven by really great geology. But I think when you look at the operated assets from Alta, the returns are even better than what you're seeing in that Northeastern core, and that's because the impact of having integrated midstream assets and really favorable mineral ownership that lowers our royalty burdens, and that really drives the economics.
Toby Rice: So we think that it's all about the margins and midstream is a strategic element to improving our margins. So we feel like it's an asset that we're going to keep and hold on to. Yes, it's100% owned Holly, where the Chevron piece is really only 30% owned. So it's, I'll call it, a little different strategic nature derived.
Toby Rice: Sure. So, on the EQT assets, our maintenance CapEx is going to come down, really driven by continued operational improvement and just the natural sharing of our PDP base decline. That just requires us to drill less wells over time to fill volumes to maintain production. On the Alta asset, the biggest driver, why their maintenance CapEx levels are -- it's so efficient is just largely due to the fact that their margins are so high. And so, you'll have -- you'll still have the improvement in the maintenance -- maintenance CapEx will improve over time on the Alta asset, sort of, on par with where we're at with EQT. But it's just going to have a much more -- a much bigger effect to make us more capitally efficient, because of the midstream and high mineral interest.
Toby Rice: Yeah. On the process, yeah, I think we're going to be focused on buying attractive assets, and we know that there's always going to be other bidders in that. And I think what's important for us is to always just maintain a sense of discipline. We want to do deals that are accretive to our program. And we're willing to pay a price that will still drive pretty healthy accretion. And I think even in a competitive process, you look at the results here, the valuation we ended up with, we're still buying an asset with an 18% free cash flow yield. That -- you could look at that and say that's a significant discount to the free cash flow year that we trade at, which is around 12%. So we feel -- and the accretion is very straightforward, the -- increasing our short-term free cash flow -- free cash flow per share by 20%, long-term free cash flow per share accretion of over 15%, and just the deleveraging aspect of this asset, taking our leverage down long-term by half a turn; short-term, taking it down 0.3x. All of this stuff brings us closer to our strategy of -- which we've been vocal about accelerating the return capital to shareholders. And that's, I think -- when you pair that up with a conservative underwriting approach, we feel really good about what's to come with this deal.
Toby Rice: As far as pace, the 225,000 horizontal feet that we're looking to maintain production, whether that's 50% Chesapeake operated or 50% Alta or a touch higher Chesapeake, or a little bit lower Alta, we'll be able to work through the pace. I think the bigger issue is just going to be making sure that we get on point with development plans, well design. That, to me, is the most important thing. Now we have taken a super conservative stance on trialed wells. And one of the things that we're excited about is you're seeing the changes that Chesapeake's done in their development style. I think you look historically out here, there's been a lot of what I would consider shorter lateral sub 6,000-foot laterals. You look at some of the other projects that Chesapeake is doing now and the laterals are going to be 12,000, 10,000-plus foot feet, that's going to create a more efficient program. And again, that would be considered upside to what we underwrote. And certainly, the – there's probably going to be some more inventory up there as well because we were pretty conservative on the trial side of things.
Toby Rice: Yes. I'd say probably two to four, at a high level. Our working interest and this non-op is around 30% working interest.
Toby Rice: Yes. This is Toby. Per Dave's comments in the question, that's something that we'll provide color on the framework towards the end of this year. And as far as that framework, I don't think we're going to try and reinvent the wheel. I think looking at putting something a dependable return of capital in the form of a base dividend and then leaving room for more opportunistic with – return of capital opportunities, variable dividend or share buybacks, that's probably going to be what the plan looks like. We've seen a lot of these plans that have been put out by peers and I don't think we're going to do anything too exotic. It's going to be pretty straightforward.
Toby Rice: Yes. So there is a lockup. It's a six-month period lockup. There's a couple of opportunities for – within that six-month period to be able to sell down. We will manage the process. So it will be a very managed process. So all the details will come out in the filing shortly.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think we're going to do transactions that are accretive on a -- from a leverage perspective and a free cash flow per share. But I mean, selling assets for us, I think the bar is a little bit higher just because it's -- some of the assets that are -- we'd be looking to sell that we consider non-strategic, have a high PDP component. So, the price to get paid for that and have that via deleveraging transaction is a little bit higher. From a scale perspective, we've got pretty big scale. So, we have the ability to shape the portfolio and continue to optimize it and still benefit from the commercial opportunities that present themselves that I do believe are really starting to become apparent and unique to EQT that you get from managing such a large production base. I mean, pro forma, this transaction, we're going to have over -- we're going to be marketing over six Bcf of gas a day. And I think one of the things I'm really excited about is leveraging the commercial team that we've built out here, giving them another -- giving them access to other regions so that we can do more optimization across on the commercial front.
Toby Rice: Yes. So, the Alta team has been running about a rig out here. They've got about -- we have a marked here it's about six docks. It's actually probably closer to a dozen. So, we'll be able to pick up operations there. I'd say historically, I think what's really interesting when you look at the Alta asset is really what this team has done. They bought these assets from Anadarko, was the original operator. And they pretty much did what we did here at EQT and that's apply really solid completion designs, really solid development, well-designed standards and they showed a pretty significant improvement in the EUR performance. So I mean, we think that the benefits that we're going to showcase is continuing on the success that they've laid down, but then adding in the benefits of combo development, streamlining logistics, streamlining of the procurement. And I think that would allow us to grind costs a little bit better than where they're at today. But it is a great team. I think it's just we have a benefit of having a little bit larger scale and we can do some things and leverage that.
Toby Rice: And they've been growing the production well, we’ll keep the production flat, I guess, is the key thing to think about, too.
Toby Rice: Yeah. Certainly, ESG is actually one of the things that we look at when we're looking at opportunities. I think one thing that's really great about the Alta asset, it's 100% dry gas, which is going to give us the benefits to position us to continue to put out a really low mission’s intensity score. So that’s really important. Some of the things that are underway, which we're really excited about talking about in our ESG report that's coming out in a couple of months has to do with some of the ESG initiatives, replacing pneumatics, doing that. We'll be looking to apply those opportunities on the Alta assets just like we're doing at EQT. One of the great things about ESG is a lot of the stuff we're talking about is what we do at the surface. And what that means is that stuff translates, whether it's things that we do well in Southwestern Pennsylvania, you're going to translate to the surface in Northeastern Pennsylvania. So we're really excited about the opportunity to improve on the ESG front as well.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everybody. We're certainly really excited about this opportunity, and we'll continue to work hard to deliver value for our stakeholders. Thank you. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.
David Khani: Yes. I think this is a -- this was a marketed process by a bank with others involved. And so this is, I'll call it, a marketed transaction.
David Khani: Hi Arun, this is Dave. I'll take that question. So, first and foremost, they have approximately 400 million a day of the Bcf per day of, we'll call it, FT capacity that gives us about a $0.28 uplift over in basin pricing. So, that's the starting point. We will also use our FT portfolio to optimize that a little bit higher. Second, this has about; we'll call it, 35% to 40% hedges in place. We will supplement that as well. And so I think we'll have taken that -- I'll take a lot of that basis risk out of the equation.
David Khani: Yes. So just -- this has, I'll call it, about $0.05 -- the in-basin pricing is about $0.05 to $0.07 wider than our initial -- without that FT piece that we have. So, I'd just say, it provides a little bit wider than what we have.
David Khani: We have MVP in on – as 1/1/22. We didn't move it yet because the news literally just came out, and so we didn't pivoted yet. So that will shift a little bit of pro forma.
David Khani: Yeah. This is Dave. So we have spoken to the agencies a lot. I mean, I would just say the only one right now that has put out something Fitch has upgraded us, and we anticipate the other two agencies coming out at some point with comments. So stay tuned and this, we believe, is very accretive from a credit standpoint.
David Khani: Yeah. And we didn't put that -- any potential upgrades or improvements in interest rates or into our forecast, so that will be all, I'll call it, upside.
David Khani: Yeah. And I'd just say, I mean, with Chevron -- yeah, just a little addition there. Chevron, that was really Tier 2 acres that we -- and so we paid really PDP, and when we got the whips for free. And if they didn't come with whips, we really -- we wouldn't have paid much for the acreage, because we want to put that and drill that with our existing acreage. This, we did pay for undeveloped acreage, but the quality acreage is much, much better and in comparison, in some cases, better than what we have. And so it's very accretive, I'd say, to our inventory overall. So that's the difference of the two. And then, I would just say to Toby's point, we do -- we need 65% maintenance capital, let's talk it over the next three years to keep our production flat, but this will be 35%. So it's going to generate 65% free cash flow. That's, I'd say, just think about the relative difference between our portfolio and their portfolio.
David Khani: Yeah. So the midstream value is probably -- it's generating, we'll call it, about $50-ish million of EBITDA. So you can put a multiple on that of whatever eight times, something like that. And we probably paid, I'll call it, probably close to PD10 overall, and then you got to strip out the midstream value.
David Khani: Yes. So, I'd just say we didn't. If you look at actually the - over the six-year period, the movement of MVP out six months is actually a net positive. We didn't count that into our six-year free cash flow. And so, just know that when we do, do that, that six-year free cash flow number will go up.
David Khani: No, I think the one thing that I think people talk about that we have as an option is if MVP doesn't come online by the end of 2022, we have the option to take cash and reverse of credit we have against our gathering rates. That's something we'll make a decision some point in 2022. And right now, our goal would be to keep it in as a credit relief, if we get more value from a leverage standpoint than not. I think that's what you're...
