Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by saying what a great honor it's been to be chosen to succeed Dave as CEO of EQT Corporation, and I'm humbled to be entrusted with the responsibility to lead this great organization forward. EQT's future is bright, thanks to the transformative leadership of Dave Porges. His vision, financial acumen and leadership abilities have fundamentally changed EQT, positioning us at the forefront of energy development and keeping us well positioned to face future challenges and opportunities for years to come. EQT has endured one of the industry's most challenging periods of cyclical uncertainty, primarily because of our stringent focus on costs, our strong balance sheet and our uniquely integrated business structure. The combination of our outstanding upstream and midstream assets, together with strong financial management and operational nimbleness, will enable us to continue creating and delivering value for EQT shareholders. Maybe the most important reason I'm so confident in EQT's future is the strong and dedicated leadership of our board and executive team and the continued commitment of the most talented employees in the industry. This is an exciting time to be a part of this company and this industry and I'm excited to be a part of it. Now let's continue with the review of our recent core Marcellus acreage acquisitions and our current thoughts on our Deep Utica program. Starting with our Marcellus acreage acquisitions, as Rob mentioned, we announced the acquisition of an additional 60,000 core Marcellus acres this week. Year-to-date, we've added 143,000 core acres, including 63,000 from Statoil and 20,000 through smaller and leasing efforts during the year. More importantly is that since 2013, we've added 230,000 core Marcellus acres. We've completed 477 wells over this same time period, developing 44,000 acres. The net result is an increase in our core undeveloped acreage of 186,000 net acres or roughly 1,950 net incremental locations. We've heard some of the rumors recently about inventory constraints at EQT. Simply put, we are not inventory constrained. We will continue to fill in gaps and look at bolt-on acquisitions but with this week's acquisitions, we have achieved our near-term acreage acquisition goals. Moving to the Deep Utica, we continue to make progress on our Deep Utica testing efforts. We are becoming more confident that we will achieve a combination of lower costs with higher EURs per foot that will result in similar, if not better, economics to our core Marcellus economics. As we mentioned last quarter, we've already lowered costs down nearly to our target range of $12 million to $13 million per well. Based on our progress, we think that we'll reach our target range soon. We have also seen an improvement in productivity from changes we've made to our frac design on the last two wells. Given our well cost expectations, we think we need between 3 and 3.5 Bcf per 1,000 feet of pay to achieve returns which are competitive with our Marcellus opportunities. We're not there yet, but we aren't far off, and are certainly encouraged by our progress. Our current thinking is that you should expect a one rig Deep Utica program in 2017 drilling between six and eight wells. We believe this level of drilling will allow us to achieve our cost and productivity objectives as well as begin delineation of the economic extent of the Deep Utica with the goal of establishing a Deep Utica development program in 2018. As far as progress reports, we believe it's in our shareholders' best interest not to share specifics of our techniques or results as we are currently the only company investing in the Deep Utica. Before moving into development mode, we need to ensure that we can effectively move the gas, so we've been working closely with our Midstream group on gathering system designs. Based on pressures in the production profile of the Deep Utica, our initial estimate is that per unit gathering costs for Deep Utica would be about half that of the Marcellus. In summary, we continue to make solid progress on both the cost and recovery efforts and we're encouraged that the Deep Utica can compete with or surpass our core Marcellus economics in the near future. I'll now hand the call over to Pat.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, I think in terms of how we'll develop that, we'll incorporate that acreage into our land process and we will allocate capital based on the best returns available starting in our 2017 plan, which we'll talk about in December. But I will say one of the main drivers behind all these acquisitions is our desire to extend laterals. And part of that then requires us to go re-permit a lot of the existing locations to take advantage of those synergies. So there is a bit of a delay before we get immediate benefits from the acquisition, so it'll probably be mid-2017 before a significant portion of our development program is incorporating the new acreage. But we don't want to drill short laterals when we can take a few months and go back and re-permit and get the better economics. So you will start to see benefits from the acquisitions next year, but it'll probably be the back half of the year before we really get full speed ahead.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, I guess first on the integration. At the current time, we think we generate significant benefits from the ability to work – the two businesses working together. I think we do have a view that over the long term, the benefits received from that versus the benefits of separation might be outweighed by separation. But I think certainly in the short term, we continue to think that the combination of the two businesses makes the most sense for our shareholders. The second question around leverage and liquidity and outspend, I think as you've seen through this downturn, we appreciate the value of a strong balance sheet. We've historically – I think it's really a legacy from our utility days but we've been a investment grade-rated company. I think we continued to view that as valuable. So I think you'll see continued focus on keeping our balance sheet strong. I think we have a number of levers available to us to fund an outspend if we think that's the prudent path forward, particularly our large stake in EQGP is available to us to sell down to fund an outspend. But I would say, generally speaking, to grow at competitive rates does typically require a bit of an outspend. So I would think that's likely in the future but all depends on what we think the economics of our opportunities are. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think there's two ways to answer that. I guess first, as it pertains to size and scope, I think we feel very comfortable where we're at. We have a very deep inventory and the ability to grow at competitive rates for quite some time. So I think we're not going to be driven by a desire just to gain scale. That said, one of the biggest value-creating opportunities we see in Appalachia is the efficiencies we get from drilling longer laterals. So the acquisitions we've done to date are designed to allow us to drill longer laterals and get those efficiencies and drive the unit cost down. And to the extent that opportunities become available that fit our acreage well and allow us to gain those synergies, I think we'll continue to be interested. Subject to the comments I just made about liquidity and balance sheet strength, we're not going to stick our neck out to do that but if there are opportunities to continue to put large blocks of acreage together that allow us to drill longer laterals, then we would be interested in taking a look.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Oh, I think, yeah, we're very happy with the quality of the acreage in all three of these deals. Specifically, Statoil and Trans Energy are West Virginia-focused or all in West Virginia focused, or all in West Virginia. All very connected to the acreage we already have in Wetzel and Marion counties and Tyler County, and we think very consistent with the results we've seen down there, specifically because I think I'd seen a question or two about Marion County. I think there's been less drilling there and some of the competitor results may be a little bit less than a little bit further to the west. I can tell you we turned in line six wells in Marion County in April of this year, and all six are exceeding our type curve for northern West Virginia. So I don't know if that's a result of the acreage we have, and the Trans Energy acreage is directly connected to the acreage where those wells were, or if it's different completion techniques or exactly why, but as a result, we're very encouraged by that portion of Marion County, which I would imagine is probably where, if you were going to speculate on the acreage, that would be where the concerns might be. From the data we have, we're very excited about it.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think in 2017 and 2018, it'll have very little influence. The vast majority of the acreage we got that's not held by production doesn't have expirations until 2019 and beyond, which is one reason we like these. So very little near term expirations. And I would say if it does affect our development plan it won't probably, that factor won't drive the pace. It might drive how we select locations. So we might have a preference for pads that hold acreage versus pads that are already held. I think the pace will driven more by economics and our liquidity position.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. As I said, we don't want to give out any specifics on what we're doing since right now I think we're the only company, perhaps one other is investing a little bit into Deep Utica. But the one factor we have talked about in the past that I'll comment on is the type of proppant. We started with ceramics. We had a view that maybe sand would work and at the time would be significantly cheaper than ceramics. We switched over. Those next couple wells were significant underperformers from the Scotts Run. And then we switched back to ceramics for the last couple wells and they were significantly better than the wells with sand. Those two wells have gotten us much closer to the target recoveries that we think we need. So I think ceramic, it does play a big role. Our current plan is to use ceramics for all wells in the future. And fortunately, we've also been able to cut the cost of the ceramics basically in half from the first well. So that also helped on the economic side. Beyond that, I will say we have been doing a lot of technical work on our drilling completion techniques, the typical stuff you would think about, types of sand, loading schedules, pump rates, targeting in the reservoir, all that kind of stuff. And I think as we drill wells and learn more, just as we saw in the Marcellus, we're seeing continuous improvement. That's one of the reasons we want to spend the next year basically doing one well at a time so we can try new techniques, learn from them, apply them to the next well and not get too far over our skis. But we do think with another six or eight wells, we'll be in a position where I'm confident we'll have the costs where they need to be. I'm pretty confident that the recoveries will get into that range that we think we need. And hopefully, we'll also have a chance to delineate the extent of the economic area of the Utica.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, yes and no. One thing I'll say is we recently adopted a new standard frac design that uses considerably more proppant per foot based on some very early tests and a lot of reservoir modeling. We do expect this new technique to yield a higher MPV per acre and per well. We probably won't increase our type curve until we have sufficient production history from a number of wells to confirm the results. And we just started that in a broader way two or three months ago. So it'll take quite a few more months before we have wells online with production history. So if it plays out the way we expect, we would expect an increase in the type curve, but I don't think that's going to happen in the next couple of quarters.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: That's actually in both areas. Across our whole core position, we're adopting a technique with more sand.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. With the completion of the OVC, we now have additional access, as you know. So we'll be moving up to about 650 million a day over the next few months and, depending on the market conditions, could move even more going forward.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Those volumes and those capacity commitments are fixed in nature so essentially, you'll see that. But net in terms of realized prices, we should see an increase in our realized price. In fact, from an EQT perspective, we're taking action to ensure we're building the pipelines to get higher realized price. So yes, the transportation costs per unit but net realized prices should be increasing, obviously.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I guess, first, on the efficiencies, just a couple stats. Year-to-date 2016 versus 2015 actual data, on a dollar per thousand foot of pay, we've seen about an 18% improvement. So from a little over $1,100 per foot to a little over $900 per foot in 2016. Our current thinking is we're starting to put together a business plan for 2017 is that we should expect to see a further reduction in that cost or further improvement in efficiencies. A lot of that will be driven by longer laterals that we expect to be able to drill in 2017. And on the number of wells per rig top set, I actually don't have that number. I would guess it's probably 20. If we top set them we can drill 20 wells with the big rig per year.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Neal, we actually see very little variability in the bulk of that rectangle. One little exception, potentially is once you get north of Pittsburgh, you'll see the rectangle goes up there into Southern Butler County and Armstrong County. Those returns are not quite as high and we're not really focused drilling up there. But there is consolidation opportunities potentially with long enough laterals they can be competitive. But with that exception, the returns are pretty equivalent. We get a little of the liquids benefit in the majority of West Virginia that we don't get in Pennsylvania, and that tends to offset a small productivity advantage that Greene County, Pennsylvania has.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: No, our design is actually has become more standardized across that core area than I would've expected. It varies a little bit but not a whole lot.
Holly Barrett Stewart: Let me be the first, I guess, to give my shout out to Dave. Dave, very many accomplishments over, I mean, certainly my 12 years in covering this stock. I'm not sure another company has changed in so many ways, so a much deserved retirement.
Holly Barrett Stewart: Okay, great. And then maybe just following up on the three acquisitions that we've talked about for 2016, I know there's some Midstream contracts that you're sort of working through on the Statoil deal, but can you maybe just talk to us about how you're thinking of development there? And maybe priorities in terms of those properties.
Holly Barrett Stewart: Okay, so don't necessarily think about this as sort of a go forward. It's sort of a one-off quarterly opportunity.
