Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. The setup for EQT is compelling. This team has established both the track record of execution and keeping promises made to its shareholders. We will continue to find ways to lower our costs, become more efficient and extract maximum value from our premiere asset base. We have made improvements from top to bottom across the organization and have created a durable and scalable business that is able to withstand external pressures.  Our heavy exposure to natural gas will allow us to capture the bullish macro setup on the horizon and will drive strong free cash flow yield and will create ample strategic flexibility. Our debt and maturity management plan will create a viable path back to an investment-grade balance sheet, which will create clear differentiation for all our stakeholders.  And lastly, EQT is committed to operating the right way with an intensifying focus on our ESG program. Before I turn the call over for Q&A, I'd like to thank all of our EQT employees who have displayed the heart, trust and teamwork, which are driving the evolution of this business.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Toby Rice: Yes. Josh, this is Toby. Yes, on our asset sales program, I think we're going to stay -- we're going to continue to sort of trim the Rosebush and be willing to divest properties that are non-core to our operating footprint. I think the progress we made on a noncore asset sale that we mentioned $125 million is sort of representative of that. We have some more of those, call it, noncore fields that would be on the table. I think some of the larger assets that we've -- we're holding on to, keep in mind, these assets are largely PDP weighted, and we think the value of these assets will just continue to appreciate in a rising commodity price environment. So part of this is making sure that we maximize value creation and waiting for the macro to catch up to sort of where our fundamental view is before we before we continue to sell those larger assets. But like I said, these are -- this is a continued focus for us. We have our core plan. We know where we want to develop and we've got a goal of deleveraging this business and generating free cash flow for shareholders. So asset sales, will continue to play a part of that.
Toby Rice: Sure. I think there's an opportunity set in front of us to purchase minerals. And that was something that we were looking at doing to offset any mineral sales that we did. Even if we've maybe pushed pause on selling minerals, I think that opportunity set still remains. And we have a land budget that was set that you'd be able to capture those opportunities without having to increase our CapEx budget in 2020. So purchasing minerals ahead of the drill bit is part of our strategy, and it's budgeted for, and we're looking forward to executing that.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, sitting at 95% production of dry gas is probably going to stay consistent. So yes, for us, I mean we've been consistently allocating capital to dry gas. So there wasn't really a big amount of wet development to shift from. So we anticipate continuing to have a 95% production mix of dry gas.
Toby Rice: Yes. Yes, for us, we're always looking at trying to make sure that the value of e-Train was more fairly valued, and it's been very volatile. And I think now that I think there's the merger between e-Train and EQM, coming MVP in-service date was kind of another key catalyst. And I think now that you're seeing an improvement in natural gas fundamentals, all those things, I think, play very well into why e-Train stock has kind of moved back up. And so I think for us, we're not going to hold onto it by the end of the year. At some point, we'll sell before then and we're just going to make sure that we maximize value for us.
Toby Rice: Yes. It's a very small amount of production. And so right now, we're running ahead of expectations. So when we strip it out, it will have very minimal impact to our guidance, if anything at all.
Toby Rice: Sure. Yes. So just given our exposure to liquids, we're not seeing any material differences in the way that we operate. But I think what you mentioned is a dynamic that's very important to understand is what's happening to other operators in the basin. We have seen people having to shut-in wells because of not being able to get rid of their condensate. If I had to quantify what I -- what we've seen from the amount of dry gas that will be shut-in as a result of these shut-ins, it'd be probably in the order of 500 million to 800 million cubic feet of gas a day. And so that's a pretty important dynamic that we're continuing to track. And again, these things would be favorable to the natural gas outlook that we see.
Toby Rice: Yes. So that was an event that occurred a couple of days ago. We have no major impacts as a result of that. Just to give some background on that, that incident, about 10:00 p.m., we were notified by 2:00 p.m. And we had to shut back some gas but working with our partner's e-Train was very helpful in allowing us to get our gas back to flowing. By 2:00 p.m., the next day, we had all of our gas scheduled and the commercial team added -- found markets for that gas, and we were able to put it to sales. So there will be some differences on the pricing that we'll get for that selling in-basin versus on the TETCO line. But we're -- we expect that to be rather insignificant, we're -- we won't be able to quantify that now.
Toby Rice: Sure. So I'll take this sort of just at a higher level. Just looking at the capital efficiency of our program and how the Utica fits into that. I think looking at the capital efficiency at EQT, I break it down at sort of 2 categories, the capital efficiency of our entire program and the efficiency of our execution of specific well costs. When we look at the capital efficiency of our entire program, there's a couple of things that are happening, that allow us to lower cost. I mean, first, starting with capital allocation decision activity levels. We're having mentality that we're going to continue to stay in maintenance mode. And so not adding any new activity or production. I think the other aspect of capital allocation comes to the types of wells that we're actually developing. You'll see us start to ship more activity into our Marcellus first and shift away from Ohio Utica development. That will give us the ability to execute wells -- Pennsylvania Marcellus wells at, call it, $730 a foot versus our Ohio Utica, that's north of $1,000 a foot. So it will be more efficient application of our dollars there. And so I think you may see Ohio maintain production, but in the future, that asset may decline a little bit as we shift activity into the Pennsylvania Marcellus.
Toby Rice: Yes, sure. So this is Toby. I would say $730 a foot was always our target, but it was not our floor. And so when we look at some of the things that we're doing now in present day and the sustainability of that into the future, we look at the quality of our well execution. I think there's really 4 parts. One is operation schedule. That's largely driven by what percentage of our development is going to be set for combo development. And in the future, we have a rising percentage of activity that's going to be part of combo development. So that's going to strengthen and allow us to lower costs. From a well design perspective, another key aspect of -- with our standardized well designs. We know that we're going to be generating -- putting the same design in the ground with some simple tweaks, but expect that will really set us up to make sure that -- from the oilfield service side, which is another cost driver, that our teams are able to procure the services they need for a stable schedule, activity schedule.  And while it is true, I think service costs have come down, and I think that largely has allowed us to accelerate hitting our well cost targets. The teams have been really focused on making the costs that we're benefiting from right now sustainable into the future. And so we've been able to sign into long-term contracts. I mean, specifically, just looking at some of the biggest spend services on our frac equipment. We've been able to execute 2 long-term pricing agreements, 1 with U.S. Well Services, another 1 with Evolution, both some really great technology that allows us to really take an -- take our operational efficiencies to the next level. And that really leads us into the fourth aspect of cost sustainability, talking about our operational efficiencies.  And with good combos with -- with the right well design, good service contracts, we're really getting high-quality crews and equipment. Our operational efficiencies will continue to improve. We showed in our slides the fact that we've continue to show gains in our drilling performance. That will continue to improve as we get through our legacy wellbores that we inherited. We had a lot of wells that were drilled with short top holes. So we've had to spend a little bit more time drilling vertical section with our horizontal rigs. Those will be sort of flushed at the system towards the back half of this year. So we see performance improvements on the horizontal section. On the completion side of things, getting access to this new technology and the team's continued execution, we see an opportunity for us to increase the operational efficiency from a stages per day perspective there as well. So I mean all these things to say, they all come together and lead us to have great confidence in hitting our $730 a foot, extending that performance into the future and setting the table for lower costs going forward.
Toby Rice: Yes. So you've seen some other peers talk about the opportunity that's in front of Appalachian producers and all natural gas producers, frankly. To defer some production in 2020 and push that production into 2021, which is a much higher gas price environment. That opportunity is something that we're looking at, at EQT. Our operational uptime that we've had has allowed us to be ahead of schedule from a production standpoint. And that efficiency is going to give us the flexibility to be able to capture that opportunity. So you may see us shift a little bit of production into 2021. But the decisions that we would make would not cause us to change our guidance.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, I think we think about -- we want to make sure we're spending our dollars the highest return assets. And right now, combo development, Pennsylvania Marcellus is the most efficient use of development right now. And so we've shifted our operation schedule to prioritize the best rate of return type of projects. And when we look at that, the Ohio Utica sort of falls behind our Pennsylvania Marcellus and our West Virginia Marcellus assets.
Toby Rice: Yes. Our land budget was largely driven by a maintenance -- leasehold maintenance, about 2/3 of our $150 million budget was set towards renewing leases and another $50 million was for filling in the holes. So we've done some things working with our landowner partners to sort of spread some of those costs over time. So there is an opportunity for us to comment a little bit lighter on the land budget side of things. And then looking forward in future years, 2021 going forward, there's an opportunity for us to take the amount of dollars that we have budgeted land and walk that down from the $150 million to something that is lower. I think one of your points, you referenced with a stronger 2021 outlook for gas, has that impacted land? I'm reading through into thinking about competition. And I would just say that with such a dominant foothold and -- that EQT has, along with just the mature aspect of this basin, we really haven't seen a lot of competition here. And really in any part of the play, there's only 1 operator that can give landowners of confidence to get a wellbore drilled and get royalties, which is the big prize. And landowners are definitely educated and understand that. And they're willing to work with EQT. So that's sort of the dynamics of land right now.
Toby Rice: Yes, sure. I mean, I think it really just -- I mean, keep in mind, a lot of these rigs, we burn diesel to generate power. I mean, we're burning diesel generate electricity and electricity powers the rigs. These battery packs really just sort of normalize the power load that the rig is using and doing it in a more efficient manner. So that's really what's taking place there. It's just a more efficient use of energy.
Toby Rice: On behalf of the EQT's directors, the management team and our workforce, thank you for your support and interest in EQT. And all of us look forward in continuing on this momentum and working hard to deliver the results that our shareholders deserve. Thank you.
David Khani: Yes. So I think our goal is -- I think you'll see, by the time we're all done, we'll be probably between -- my guess is between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion of debt retirement. Our goal is to get our leverage down below 2x. So those -- I think those are really key thresholds for us. The convert that we did can obviously be converted into equity as well. That could be a further deleveraging event. But I think once we get below them, then that gives us the flexibility to do other, I call it, shareholder-friendly things such as dividends, buybacks and other things.
David Khani: Yes. Just that bucket, just to remind everybody, is well over $1 billion. So there's a lot of firepower in there. It's just finding the right timing.
David Khani: Well, I think from an absolute debt perspective, we'll get our absolute debt down to where we want to or better by the end of '21. So that will be things, I'd say, probably in our control. And then the next thing will really be the commodity price environment. And so if the commodity gets up closer to that 3x level, through that level, that's where that will be a nice trigger for us to get our leverage right into that zone. And so I think those are really to be the 2 variables to think about.
David Khani: Sure. This is Dave Khani. So if you look at the setup that heading into doing a convert -- our debt traded up very close to par. So that created a really good dynamic from a fixed income perspective. And then the volatility of -- as our stock rallied very sharply created good volatility really creates a second component of a convert, which is really a combination of debt and an equity option. And so when you put those 2 together, it created a very, very good dynamic to do a convert. And so we hired a consultant who is very skilled in that. And if you notice how we executed that, we were able to get a very low coupon at 1.75%. And we were able to get a call spread that was very differential versus our peers that did convert. So it helped us actually save about $20 million when you looked at kind of the cost differential between other converts and what we did. So it's just a really good setup for a convert.
David Khani: Yes. We maintain our guidance. But I think with -- I'd say, we have a bias that if you sit and wait and stay tuned, we're going to think about what we do with the upside that we've created in our plan.
