Pat Kane: Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in EQT Corporation’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me today are Dave Porges, President and Chief Executive Officer, Phil Conti, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In just a moment Phil will briefly review a few topics related to our financial results that we reported this morning then Dave will provide an update on our drilling and infrastructure development programs and our other operational matter. Following Dave’s remarks we’ll open the phone lines for questions. But first I’d like to remind you that today’s call may contain forward-looking statements related to such matters as our drilling and infrastructure development including experience, expansion, sales volumes, rates of returns, well cost, acreage acquisitions, financing plans, operating cash flow, rates and other financial and operational matters. It should be noted that a variety of factors could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors are listed in the company’s Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2009 under risk factors as updated by any subsequent Form 10Qs which were on file at the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website. Finally this morning’s call may contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please use this morning’s press release, a copy which is available on our website for the reconciliations and other disclosures which impact such non-GAAP financial measures. Before introducing Phil Conti, I do have one house keeping item. Later today we will pose to our website EQT’s 2009 quarterly sales volumes by play and our realized price reconciliation table in the new format that was presented this morning. With that I’ll turn it over to Phil Conti.
Pat Kane: Thank you, Dave. That concludes the comments portion of the call. BJ you can now open the call for questions. Thanks.
Pat Kane: We haven't put out an actual decline curve yet but we're going to -- we'll be doing that in the next several months.
Pat Kane: That concludes today's call. The call will be replayed for a seven-day period beginning at approximately 1:30 Eastern Time today. The phone number for the replay is 412-317-0088. A confirmation code, 436916 is needed for the replay. The call will be replayed for seven days on our website as well. Thank you everyone for participating.
Dave Porges: We don’t know. We are experimenting so that we can come back with you. And based on what we are seeing now with current technologies, that 8,500 foot maybe about as far out as we can economically get. I mean, but, we have got a – we are committed to experimentation and we will have to get back to on what we wanted to conclude eventually is the best approach. We do think it probably makes sense to go further than 3,000 which is the current standard. But in the Marcellus as you are aware that the acreage positions are so fragmented that land is going to be a limit that we are going to windup figuring it out.
Dave Porges: We are certainly opened to those types of tactical acquisitions. I also think something though that we haven’t done a lot of here which is normal in other plays were fragmented acreage and therefore we are going to get into are doing deals with other production companies, whether it’s little swaps or people participate in the wells with each other, et cetera. I think we have seen a little bit of that in the Marcellus. Historically we haven’t really done very much of it, but I think that is going to be a – that’s going to be something we are going to wind up pursuing on the business development side of production.
Dave Porges: Those are basically consistent. That’s – we keep looking at the right EURs. But, of course, event that – some of those 11 have 30 days, which isn’t that much data to be using the reassess EURs.
Dave Porges: Let me answer the last one first. As we put in the equity presentation, we are still looking at probably about three wells in that area of 2010. The closing hasn’t actually even happened yet. So it should happen today. But the working hypothesis is three and we will revisit that in future calls once we actually own it. As far as the rigs, it depends on the definition. We typically run with the notion of we have got about six and it’s – and those are more than big rigs. And you might assume to go along with that that there is three piggy back rigs, but if you count total rigs in the Marcellus to nine. And we would expect that we would continue that through the year, so that would be consistent with getting at that 100 wells for the year.
Dave Porges: I really think this is more of an ongoing issue. It’s probably in the area of months when it comes to making a real assessment on the rigs. But what I was really trying to get across on the call is that our team doesn’t just have an innovation or two, it really is a culture that they have got. So they are going to – the possibility of changing how we drill those wells is something that they have been working on for a while. They've been making changes. We've had some experiments that succeed, some that don't succeed and I just think this is going to be an ongoing process. We'll have more to report on that I'd say probably every quarter.
Dave Porges: I don't think it's totally up in – I don't think that we're going to see the kind of step changes that we've seen over the course of the last year, not that level of step change, those were huge changes that we experienced. I do expect that the trend over time is going to be continued improvement. There'll be a lot of small innovations is what I anticipate and then the occasional larger innovation. Now in the near term with oil field inflation going on, we're probably looking for some short term or mid term period of time having productivity improvements that keep us more even as opposed to the kind of we're swimming against that tide right now but we don't expect that that's going to go on indefinitely.
Dave Porges: Anything that seems to be particularly used in the high pressure shales around the country is under cost pressure would be my assessment.
Dave Porges: Well, certainly those are some nice numbers that we are seeing out there. We would agree with that. But I guess from my perspective, six months ago or nine months ago, folks were wondering why we wouldn't sell $5000 an acre. So it’s hard to tell where it’s going. We do think that we are in the upper tier, let’s say of Marcellus producers and that vary up, but we are not claiming that we are number one, but we are in that – if there is an upper group, then we are in the upper grouping and we would like to get enough results out there so that that becomes the general view.
Dave Porges: I don't know that we measure in time. But I will tell you our ears are open. When people come to talk to us, we listen. We don’t tell folks that we got no interest. But if they have got a way for us to increase shareholder value, we listen. I do think that we find more people are talking to us as a result of the well results that we started putting out really only late last year. I think we are already seeing folks taking us a little bit more seriously. And at this point, I think we expect that trend to continue but I wouldn’t put a timeframe on it. Talk to the other companies that we are interesting in putting money and then ask what they think of EQT, that's probably a better metric than what – than us commenting out.
Dave Porges: Well, it’s an – they do. But haven't we all been a little surprised by the extent of the international interest? I mean Reliance Industries, interesting.
Dave Porges: I mean that's – I know – that’s big company, the guy who runs it, a very wealthy man, he could certainly afford it. But we just wouldn’t have thought that an Indian company would have done that. So who knows? So now we got a Norwegian company, Indian company, a Japanese, who got in. I remember when I was in banking, the Japanese were getting big into the upstream in the U.S., that was in the 80s. And then you really didn’t hear a lot from them in the 90s and the odds are whatever we call that. So it allows that, if the Japanese are interested again, then who know where we are heading.
Dave Porges: No, I don’t mean to mislead you, no we did not. We had been hearing about it before the deal was announced but we – no, we did not have any discussion. Honestly the only connection is Reliance – up at the CEO of Reliance was a business school classmate of mine. So I am following them with a little bit more interest, but no we did not have conversation.
Dave Porges: People are sniffing around but I don’t know what they are interested. I don’t think you want to say we know what they are interested in. So far our impression is that people who have done deals are ones that – are the producers who went after them aggressively. But I don’t think that's the only conversations that are going on.
Dave Porges: I don’t know if it’s accessible. I think the best deal for any company is probably specific to the company’s circumstances. So I don't feel comfortable speaking for what Reliance or Atlas saw. I feel pretty confident they must have each thought that it was the best deal for them. But beyond that, all we are taking away from it is that it appears as generally speaking the values that are available out there are still going up despite the very weak price environment.
Dave Porges: You don’t think – look, you would have to talk with Reliance and Atlas. Our impression was that that Atlas was looking for a deal.
Dave Porges: That’s our impression that Reliance was comparing it to others, but we don’t know, we weren’t – we certainly were not involved in a process.
Dave Porges: I don’t have a specific answer for you. I will you that it does seem to us that we are still in the process of demonstrating increased value from these assets. And that we think is a positive no matter what way we go. And it seems to us as if there is no diminution in interest in the shale and in the Marcellus shale specifically on the part of either domestic or international companies. So while we agree with you, you don't want to wait forever, it doesn't appear to us as if you need to be panicked into doing something either. And we continue to show improvements. We don't think – at this point it doesn't appear to us as if our performance is plateauing.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I mean we respect those guys greatly and we obviously follow whatever they are doing, we take a look at what they're doing to see if there's any lessons for us. So, we're as interested in what they're doing as you are but it’s not one of our top priorities right now.
Steve Schlotterbeck: We're optimistic about it eventually as well, it's just that we have other things on the plate that rate ahead of it right now.
Steve Schlotterbeck: I want to tell you do bear in mind Ray that we take into account the infrastructure upfront as well.
Steve Schlotterbeck: Right now the subsequent well to fill existing infrastructure, then it might be the economics you're looking at right now would work.
Zack Trevor: Hi, it’s Zack Trevor (ph), can you hear me? Just following up on the (Becker’s) line of questioning, did you guys have any conversations with Reliance and it sounds like you did and obviously --
Zack Trevor: Oh, really, got it. So the folks (inaudible) have not called you or they have called you or they are starting to call you.
Zack Trevor: So when you rip apart the Atlas Reliance deal, is that a deal that you think you could have done or is there something distinguishing about Atlas’ acreage via the geology or the location that you think makes that valuation not accessible to you or do you think that it actually were you to explore and aggressively pursue these joint venture opportunities that kind of valuation is accessible to you. I am not sure what to kind of say, Dave.
Zack Trevor: And so what you are saying was that when Reliance was looking for that deal, you were not actively in the market looking –
