Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few key points. One, Americans are voicing clear support for more domestic natural gas, which is critical to reducing extreme energy costs, increasing America's energy independence and tackling global climate change by replacing international coal. Two, our depth and quality of inventory, investment grade balance sheet in our peer-leading ESG credentials differentiate EQT as a leading producer on a global scale, and we stand ready to meet the long-term call on natural gas demand. Three, we are outperforming our emissions reduction targets and have a clear and credible path to net-zero by 2025, which can be achieved with current technologies and at a very affordable price tag. And finally, our updated capital returns framework shows a resounding commitment to our shareholders. With $4 billion earmarked for year-end 2023 for debt reduction, share buyback and our increased base dividend, with plenty of room for upside given we expect to generate $22 billion of cumulative free cash flow through 2027. I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Toby Rice: Sure, Arun good morning. So as it relates to our capital allocation framework, I think what we've done is set out authorizations that we know we can execute, but as you mentioned, we do have flexibility to go above there. I think the flexibility is important because we want to make sure that we are matching the allocation decisions with the environment that we're in. I think there's a lot of clarity on the debt retirement goals that we've stated. But to put a little bit more color on our buyback approach, our buyback approach is opportunistic, and we believe that's appropriate given the current volatility that we see in this world. But understand that that's tough to model, the buyback pace that we have. So I'd ask you to look at what we've done in the past. In Q1, we've taken advantage of our buyback authorization and bought back over $240 million worth of stock, retiring about 9.9 million shares. In Q2, we repurchased about $213 million of convertible notes, and that has the impact of retiring around 5.7 million shares. So over the past two quarters, we've retired over $400 million of shares, retiring about 15 million shares at an average price of around $31 per share. I think the approach is providing some pretty good results. But look at what we can do in the future, and we have the opportunity to continue that pace. We're, obviously, stepping into a more robust free cash flow generation phase of this business, and I think the opportunity for us to do more is appropriate.
Toby Rice: Umang, good morning. So it's early on our science. We are encouraged, but I will say that the wells are still in flat time in our choke management program. So we'll get a better read once these wells enter closer towards the decline periods of their lives. And so that's why we're refraining from being -- but we are leaning positive right now. For slide 12, the couple of impacts on the enhanced well design. One, it's obviously going to improve the economics of the inventory that we put there. So, you'll see those sticks shift down the cost curve, which would be good. That will also pull some more what we consider non-core and give that a shot of lowering their breakevens. But two, this will also have the impact of extending our inventory life because if this hit, this will allow us to reduce the number of wells that we need to drill each year to maintain volumes. So that will extend our inventory life past the 18 years of core inventory. So those are really the two dynamics that are at play right now.
Toby Rice: Production capacity, yes, Neil. Pipeline capacity in Appalachia, we've finally reached the limit of the midstream takeaway capacity in Appalachia. And as long as that's the case, we are going to remain disciplined in maintenance production mode. We put a slide in our deck that sort of shows the dynamics of what's taking place on slide 29. One of the questions we get a lot is people have said, we say, well, why aren't we able to add more supply. We've got the biggest natural gas field in the world, and we cannot use that to help lower energy prices for Americans. Why is that? And we say, well, because we don't have pipelines. They've been blocked, canceled and opposed over the last 10 years. And people say, well, we've been blocking pipelines for the last 10 years and we've been able to experience low energy prices. Well, the reality is we've always had excess pipeline takeaway capacity out of this basin during those times when those pipelines were canceled. Those would have added to that capacity. We've hit the wall now. And that's why EQT is going to continue to remain disciplined. And it's an opportunity for this country to recognize this and say that -- and get more pipeline LNG infrastructure built in this country so we can address the growing demand for natural gas.
Toby Rice: Yeah, Neal. So I think, anything -- any asset you look at, I think you want to make sure you're getting quality. So we definitely compare asset quality versus ours. I think you look at Alta the cost structure that that asset base did, it lowered our cost structure of this company, lowered our breakevens by over $0.05. So that's one consideration. But I mean, at the end of the day, everything we do on M&A is going to be. It's got to be more accretive than buying back our stock, and that's the ultimate decision.
Toby Rice: Yeah. So I sort of segregate the LNG into two categories, the Gulf Coast and the East Coast. From a Gulf Coast perspective, it's really more about looking at the best ways we can commit our supply to projects. I don't think that the capital is needed down there to get projects off the ground. On East Coast, for us, I think there's an opportunity for us to help identify projects and work with developers to get these projects off the ground. So, I mean, we're doing some feasibility work and some high-level assessments of what some of those projects would look like, but not a significant amount of dollars being thought up to apply to East Coast LNG. Obviously, for us, why spend dollars. Even on the feasibility side, I think East Coast LNG just could be so incredibly impactful to EQT and Appalachia, creating a demand source next to where we operate should help strengthen basis that would have an impact, not just on the volumes that we're able to supply to those facilities, but would also impact the amount of gas that we sell in basin. So there's just a lot of reasons why there's reasons for us to really want to push to get East Coast LNG and make that great idea a reality.
Toby Rice: Yeah. Great question. So there was some legislation that was passed recently in West Virginia that basically allows modern unitization to take place. This is a tool that is available to operators now that really helps address, if there's unknown heirs, which is something that happens in West Virginia a lot. But if – the majority of landowners have signed up an ability to unitize as far as the way we view this is really – this is more of a backup plan in case we run to some of those roadblocks. We have not had to use this legislation and – but it's nice to know it has there – it's there. So ultimately, the way this reflects in our inventory is just a higher level of confidence that the sticks that we put on the map we're going to be able to develop, because we've got modern legislation in place that will facilitate that. For us, another read-through, we're out advocating for more pipeline infrastructure and the permitting policy reform. I think you look at what we've done in West Virginia, help leading to get that legislation put in place. I'm optimistic, I'm hopeful that we can continue to influence on a national level and help bring common sense, pragmatic permit reform so that we can get these pipelines and LNG facilities built, so we can address the energy crisis that's currently going on in the world.
Toby Rice: Yes. There's an opportunity to increase gas demand locally. I don't think anything has the type of scale that we're talking about with LNG, but there's new technology. I mean natural gas, I think, can be transformed in a low-carbon energy solution like blue hydrogen. So a lot of the new ventures work that we're doing is focused on what is the sustainability of hydrogen and what can we do to help mature that, the confidence in the sustainability of hydrogen. There's also technology that's out there right now that instead of decarbonizing the product before it gets consumed, which is what happened with blue hydrogen, there's also technologies out there that will set the table for carbon capture while the energy is converted into electricity. So there's a lot of new technologies out there, a lot of low-carbon solutions that we're looking at. And right now, though, the key thing for us to do is energy providers is understand the true sustainability of these options. What is the actual cost? What's the profitability? What is the actual emissions, full cycle emissions associated with it? And then what -- how big could this be from a scale perspective? So those are sort of the things that we're thinking about as we're understanding these solutions.
Toby Rice: Yeah. So when we set our budget for 2022, we did account for inflation, but you see we did take that up a little bit here this quarter. What's changed between the planning exercise at the end of the year and where we're at today, I think the assumption was that steel was going to be able to rebound in pricing and we get some steel relief in the back half of this year. Unfortunately, the war in Ukraine has just put more strain on supply chains when it comes to steel. And so we're seeing those -- we're not seeing the lower prices that we anticipated towards end of the year. And that's what's baked into our plan today and also into 2023 as well.
Toby Rice: Yeah. My view of hydrogen right now, blue hydrogen specifically, we think we can make blue hydrogen for cost of $20 per million BTU. That would include the carbon capture of that as well. And I remember a year ago looking at that and saying, wow, if it's too expensive, why would anybody pay $20 for hydrogen when you can buy natural gas for lower in that? Well, $20 per million BTU doesn't seem that high compared to what Europe is paying today. But when you look at the majority of the cost of blue hydro, how do we get that to a sustainable pricing level? The majority of the cost to make blue hydrogen isn't in the actual transformation of natural gas to the hydrogen and capturing carbon. The majority of the costs come in the infrastructure it takes to move the hydrogen. Now what's really interesting and what we're highlighting here is how can we bring the infrastructure cost down. Our unleash US LNG campaign initiative, one of the by-products of that is we have the ability to execute this plan and increase production in the United States by an incremental 50 Bcf a day slated for exports to replace foreign coal. We would have the opportunity to rebuild approximately 50 Bcf a day of pipeline infrastructure. And when we do that, we're looking at ways to make sure that when we build that pipeline, we build it so that they are hydrogen ready. And if we can do that, then we've just set the table for the hydrogen economy here in the United States. And it will basically secure natural gas' future, but the role of natural gas may transform from being an end-use product to being a feedstock for blue hydrogen. So we're looking at that. The other technology I'd say that's out there in hydrogen is -- the technology to keep an eye on is that natural gas goes in, hydrogen comes out and solid carbon comes out as opposed to gaseous CO2. That's obviously going to really lower the logistics for actually what we do to actually capture that hydrogen. So, that's some new technology that's out. That is probably three to five years out, but well within a time frame as we're figuring out these different options.
Toby Rice: Yes, I think it starts by a shift in sentiment and a shift in understanding how important natural gas plays in this world. We are seeing the reality of a world that is undersupplied with hydrocarbons. And the result is this energy crisis we're facing today, unnecessarily high energy prices, ramped inflation, war in Ukraine and, by the way, emissions around the world are still rising because without natural gas, people are using more coal than they've ever used before. That, I think, is being recognized. And I think you're starting to see a shift in that sentiment shift translated to policies. The EU declaring natural gas as green. We're seeing that with the customers around the world. You're seeing that here domestically, the Anti-Inflation Act that Mancin has put together to talk about -- to include in that pipeline reform -- permitting reform that's necessary so that we could get the pipeline infrastructure and LNG infrastructure built on an accelerated time line in a more pragmatic way. That is another precursor that you're starting to see here. So, -- and then on top of all that, you just look at the polling of Americans, Americans get it. Over 70% saying we need more natural gas. So, the Americans support this The world is showing there's clearly a need for it. And now you're seeing governments adjust their policies to make this -- to make it easier for us to bring this energy into the world. But we're seeing the signs right now.
Toby Rice: All right, everybody. Thanks for your time this morning, and we look forward to continue to working hard to create value for our stakeholders. Thank you.
David Khani: Yeah. So I'll answer that question. Yeah, no cost. Everything was done at market, and so no cost to us. So if you step back and just give you high levels, right now, with our hedges in place, we basically have a $2.92 floor and we have approximately $4.95 ceiling. And so that's the bounds of -- and we're about 45% -- I'm sorry, about 50% floors, and we're about 45% ceiling. So that provides the risk adjusted benefit. If the floors were reached, we'd be about $1.5 billion. If the ceiling would be reached or breached, it would be about almost $4 billion. So that just gives you a sense of range of outcome there. With the repositioning, okay, we basically converted our swaps, which we'll call it about 10% of our hedge position was converted into costless collars. And as I said earlier on the prepared comments, the SKU was about $3 up and $1 down. And if you look at the value today, that position that we did is about $110 million into the money. And if we hit the ceilings of that -- of what we just did, we would create about $450 million of upside on free cash flow. So that gives you a sense of magnitude of what we did and it allows investors to understand how we have -- we think about the risk-adjusted upside.
David Khani: Yes. So, I would just say, right now, we probably have an opportunity to lock in contracts for -- with probably about three or four different facilities. And so the question for us is duration and which we want to do. If we want international markets, do we -- what toll rates are we willing to accept. And then we're trying to work on with the end markets specifically, a collar structure where we give ourselves some protection on the downside but allow us to get that risk-adjusted upside. So, those are the things that we're looking at right now. And I'd just say there's a great demand from a producer standpoint. These facilities need gas supply. And so it gives us the option right now to figure out who we want to use and who we want to go through.
David Khani: Yeah. So it really depends upon where the stock is and where the convert is. So right now, the convert is way in the money, and so it trades very much like the equity. There is a little bit of premium for – we'll call it, for future dividends and things like that that you have to account for. But effectively, it now, it's very much akin to equity. But there is a percentage that you would strive to the debt side as principle. So I think just know we have basically two tools in place, right? So we have the – we'll call it the direct way where we have our $1 billion buyback, and then we have the indirect way, which gets captured really in the $2.5 billion of debt principal that we have authorized to retire. So we have really two ways that gives us the flexibility to attack the equity. And where there's disconnects or things, we can try to play that arbitrage.
David Khani: Yes. So as far as inflation in our 2023 numbers, yes, they're in there. And as far as cash taxes, whether 15% or 20%, I think longer term, it's towards the 20%. But obviously, as we as we consume our NOLs and -- it will trend up over time. I would just say one other factor just that you should be aware of, Pennsylvania just announced a corporate reduction in cash taxes by about 3%. And so that should help on the margin with some cash taxes in the future.
David Khani: Yes. And I'd just add, as we've gone back to investment grade, we're now being approached for, I'll call, longer-term firm sales contracts to some of the industrial space. So I'd just say stay tuned on that progress.
David Khani: Yeah. And I'd just add. So there's, obviously, the intricacies of tubulars, but then if you look at the steel sector in general, steel prices have come down pretty materially, metallurgical coal, which is the feedstock into steel, has dropped from $600 a ton down into the $200 and change and then iron ore has come down pretty hard. So you have the makings of steel and tubulars to come down in price. It's just going to have to work its way through the processing side.
David Khani: Yes. Yes. So, this is Dave. Yes, absolutely. Yes, the banks will be there. I think everything has got to be done obviously with a really with a low to no emissions kind of profile. And so people are not -- financing is not going to open up the kitty here unless missions and things are being done on a very, we'll call it responsible manner. So, -- and if it's done, I think that's -- then you'll see the financing absolutely be there.
