David E. Schlosser: Thanks, Rob, and good morning everyone. Let me start by providing a quick update on 2018 sales volume. As Rob mentioned, Q1 volume was at the high end of guidance at 357 Bcfe. We still expect sequential quarterly growth for the remainder of the year and are guiding a moderate increase for Q2 at 360 to 370 Bcfe, followed by a larger increase in Q3 as new midstream infrastructure comes online in Pennsylvania this summer. Moving on to operations. During the last year, our drilling engineering group has been developing an idea to manage our horizontal drilling operations in real-time from our offices at EQT Plaza, located in Downtown Pittsburgh. The thought behind this project was to improve collaboration amongst our technical teams, provide more consistent well results and improve our drilling efficiency. The team tested this idea in the second half of 2017, and we have now fully implemented the process. All of our directional drilling, geosteering and drilling engineering is now done at our real-time operations center, or RTOC in Pittsburgh. Although in its early stages of implementation, this concept is already showing significant returns. Since implementing the RTOC, we have seen a 14% increase in lateral feet drilled per day, and we have increased our percent of formation drilled in target from 93% to 97%. We have also set EQT records for 48-hour footage drilled in a world record bottom hole assembly run. In addition, on April 12, we set a new record for the longest lateral drilled to date in the Marcellus on our Harvison H10 (15:44) well in Washington County, PA. This lateral will have a completed length of 18,670 feet and is scheduled for completion in May. Based on the success of the RTOC for drilling, we have also implemented real-time centers for gas operations and water hauling and will pilot real-time centers for completions, construction and field logistics later this year. These real-time control centers are a great example of EQT's manufacturing operating model that we believe will result in efficiency gains and cost reductions by streamlining our processes. And lastly, I want to provide a little color on well performance as it relates to these ultra-long laterals. Currently, our longest producing lateral is the Haywood H19 well located in Washington County, PA. This well has a completed lateral length of 17,400 feet and was fracked with 97 stages. The well has been online for 120 days, has produced over 4.6 Bcfe and is currently producing at our standard type curve of 2.4 Bcfe per 1,000 feet of lateral. Our expectation for this well is an ultimate recovery of close to 42 Bcfe. Based on drilling, completion and production results to date, our current estimate of the lateral length technical limit in the Marcellus is approximately 20,000 feet. I will now turn the call over to Pat.
David E. Schlosser: This is David. I don't think going longer changes our spacing assumptions, but I just think, in general, we're leaning towards increasing spacing over time because that's where the technology is pointing. I think we're becoming more efficient with our fracturing technique, and we sort of know the boundaries of them. And I think over time you'll see our spacing probably increasing, which we think will ultimately result in lower development cost. So that's why we'd do it or development cost per Mcf. So that will be forefront on our thinking on that.
David E. Schlosser: I wish we had sections here, but we don't have them unfortunately. I would say that we are in the 750 to 800-foot spacing range right now. I think you'll see the industry and us going more in the 1,000-foot range over time.
David E. Schlosser: Drew, the bias is always to return money to shareholders. Everything else is going to be viewed against that standard. Any type of the growth, et cetera, it's always going to be viewed against the possibility of giving, returning capital to shareholders.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. Sure, Brian. This is Rob. So, on the G&A side, it's pretty straightforward. You can look at the G&A numbers that are reported, and what we had estimated prior to the merger was that the present value of the next 10 years worth of G&A savings would be worth $600 million. We now think we're going to exceed that number by maybe as much as $100 million. So that's gone well. And as a proxy for the capital savings on drilling and completion, probably the best proxy is lateral lengths. And what we thought when we announced the transaction was that we could see lateral lengths improve from approximately 8,000 foot in Greene and Washington Counties to 12,000. Now our current estimates are that we'll be at 13,600 feet for 2018 and it will improve beyond that. And so we expect that we're going to exceed the $1.9 billion of capital PV synergies by a reasonable amount, several hundred million dollars. So I'd say that we're well on track to deliver and exceed those synergies.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So as to your first question on the EQM shares, our plan is that we will take all of our midstream assets, EQM and EQGP units, and that will be under NewCo or SpinCo. And that's what will be spun out by September 30. And then at that point, EQT would no longer own any of the midstream interest. In terms of the spending on acreage, the guidance that we've previously given still stands. We think that we're going to spend somewhere between $100 million and $200 million a year for fill-ins and blocking up acreage and protecting leases.
Robert J. McNally: Yeah. So, Arun, the next step is going to be the spin of NewCo, and when we spin NewCo, it will still have this structure. We'll have EQGP with EQM underneath and the IDR still in place. So the ultimate decision on what happens with the IDR simplification and it will be up to the NewCo board of directors and management team. I would give you my opinion that that structure is probably not viable long-term in this market and so I think it's something that we'll start putting our minds to. But again, I would emphasize that it's going to be a NewCo Board and management decision on the timing of any potential simplification.
Robert J. McNally: Yes. So I think that our prior guidance still stands. We expect it will have, with a low-teens growth rate we can generate $2.3 billion to $2.8 billion of free cash flow over the next five years. But just to maybe add a little clarity to that. If you think about our 2018 production level, the maintenance CapEx to keep production flat at this level, on average over the next five years, would cost about $1.2 billion. And so that leaves significant cash flow. I mean, when you think about EBITDA being in the $2.5 billion to $3 billion range, that leaves significant cash flow to grow production and to return cash to shareholders or reduce debt. So just to give you a little bit of color on that.
Robert J. McNally: Well I mean, so in the immediate future, with the separation, we're going to realign the balance sheets of both EQT and EQM. We have moderated growth projections, but in the projections that you guys have seen over the past six months from upper teens and the low 20s now to low teens. But that, I think that is subject to move based on what the market does, what gas pricing does, what transportation does out of the industry. And then clearly, returning cash to shareholders is a priority. So I think it's going to be a mix of moderate growth and returning cash to shareholders once we have used some of the proceeds from these streamlining transactions to realign the balance sheets.
Robert J. McNally: Well, no. The RMP debt is a revolver that we will take out. So it won't become recoursed to EQM, but EQM will just take that out. We are taking about $1.2 billion up to EQT in the drop transaction, and that cash will be used to pay down the EQT revolver. There are not bonds at EQT that will become recourse at EQM, but we do have some relatively near-term maturities, some in 2019. And so we will use additional funds to pay down some of that debt. But effectively, we will move well over $1 billion of debt that was at the EQT level to EQM, which will put us more in line with both EQT and EQM's leverage targets, so somewhere below two times at EQT and moving towards 1.5 times. And for EQM in that three to four times range, which will leave both businesses comfortably investment grade and I think fits their cash flow profile very well.
Robert J. McNally: Yes. So I think that the $130 million number that was guidance that we gave about a year ago or at the time of the Rice merger. And so the 2018 number is bigger. I can't remember if the $130 million was next 12 months or it was a 2017 number, but it was one of the two. The $150 million, $160 million is a good number for 2018. And then you're pushing on towards $250 million to $260 million in 2019. So the growth profile is pretty steep, but that's what allowed the valuation that we are able to negotiate for that asset.
Robert J. McNally: Sameer, we're not going to comment on any M&A or divestitures or acquisitions. We just as a matter of course don't do it.
Robert J. McNally: I think, we were fairly light on our 2019 hedge book compared to where we historically would be given the proximity of 2019 to where we are. So it's just normal course. Don't read anything more than that into it.
Robert J. McNally: It's certainly a consideration. It's something that we think about here internally and talk to the board about and will obviously be ongoing.
