David Schlosser - EQT Corp.: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As Rob mentioned, our sales volume for the second quarter was 198 Bcfe, which exceeded the high-end of guidance by 3 Bcfe. Operationally, we now have seven frac crews secured and expect to operate at this pace for the remainder of the year. With these crews in pace, we anticipate approximately 55 Marcellus and Upper Devonian wells to be turned in line in the third quarter and 58 in the fourth quarter. This is approximately three times the pace of the first six month of this year, during which we had 19 wells turned in line in the first quarter and 17 wells in the second quarter. As you would expect, the production impact of this increased completion activity will be weighted to the fourth quarter and is reflected in our current guidance. Additionally, with the success of our ongoing consolidation efforts, we now expect our 2017 drilling program to have an average lateral length of 8,400 feet, which is 11% higher than our 2016 average. Now, let's move onto our Deep Utica test program. As we've mentioned during previous calls, our capital is allocated to projects that we expect will deliver the best returns. And as we continue to lengthen laterals and improve efficiency in the Marcellus, the hurdle rate for other investments continues to increase. As an example, given the contiguous acreage position of the pending Rice transaction, we expect Marcellus wells in Greene and Washington counties to average at least 12,000 feet. Based on recent Utica results and current development costs, we estimate a Utica well will need to achieve at least 4 Bcf per 1,000 feet to be competitive with a 12,000 foot Marcellus well. And so far, we believe there are only two Deep Utica wells that meet or exceed that threshold. In short, we have multiple years of long lateral inventory in the Marcellus. And when comparing the two plays, it is difficult for the Utica to compete. For these reasons, we have made the decision to suspend our Utica test program and focus our efforts on Marcellus development as we integrate the assets we've acquired over the past year and a half. This year's Utica program was planned to contribute 18 Bcfe to our annual volume. Therefore, the suspension will impact our production guidance which is now adjusted to be 205 Bcfe to 210 Bcfe for the third quarter and 825 Bcfe to 840 Bcfe for the full year. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
David Schlosser - EQT Corp.: Yeah, Michael. This is David. First, I'll say that – I'll congratulate Rice. They've done a lot of good testing and they've documented it very well and so have we. So I'm just really confident that when we marry the two organizations together, there is going to be things that offset each other and improve EURs. Some areas that we're looking at now are – they do some interesting things in targeting their wells that we haven't experimented with and even what they're calling engineering completions by trying to pick better parts of the rock based on log (30:00) properties instead of perforating every 40 feet like most companies do. So there is a couple things that jump out where they've tested those concepts and we haven't tested them as much. So when we get that data in and absorb it, we're confident we can make some tweaks.
David Schlosser - EQT Corp.: Yes. This is David again. Yeah. That's what I would – I think that's a good assumption, that we'd be somewhere in that range for the first half of 2018.
David Schlosser - EQT Corp.: Yes. Well, first on the well pad, yes, 14 is our 2017 average. I expect that number to be increasing every year until it reaches – hopefully if we get to our range of 20 or so, which we think is the maximum size for a pad now. So you should see that continue to increase over the next few years. As far as co-development, I think, we're going to continue to do the Upper Devonian where it makes sense. We understand it. We know the performance of it now. We know where it works. And so where it works, we intend to still develop it.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everybody. As you're aware, the big news of the quarter was the June 19 announcement that we entered into an agreement to acquire Rice Energy. Rice is an outstanding strategic and operational fit for us and we anticipate the combined entities will capture significant operating efficiencies, improve overall well economics and deliver stronger returns to our shareholders. We also believe this transaction will enhance our options to address EQT's sum-of-the-parts discount, which we have previously discussed. We have spoken with many of our shareholders and other industry experts since the announcement and we are pleased with the positive, enthusiastic feedback received. In discussing this compelling transaction, we received questions on our ability to address the sum-of-the-parts discount and around our synergies estimates for the merger. I will address both of these topics today. First, on addressing the sum-of-the-parts, the Rice acquisition does not impact the timing of addressing our sum-of-the-parts discount. In fact, we believe this transaction will enhance our options to address the sum-of-the-parts discount which we have previously discussed. Addressing the sum-of-the-parts discount is a priority for the board and we will develop a plan by the end of 2018 that we believe is in the best interest of EQT and all shareholders. These options could include splitting the companies, selling one of the businesses, collapsing EQM and EQGP to support a buyback program, as well as several other scenarios. Our analysis will be a comprehensive one, which not only evaluates all feasible alternatives for addressing the discount, but will also include a full analysis of the potential tax implications of the current tax reform effort in Washington. As you can appreciate, this is a longer-term development and we do not have additional details to share. The second most common question has been around synergies. We're confident that the PV of the synergies are in excess of the $2.5 billion laid out in the deal announcement. As you will see in our updated slide deck, which was posted to our website and filed with the SEC this morning, the $2.5 billion only covers categories of synergies, $1.9 billion of which are efficiencies driven by longer laterals, high grading the drilling program to drill longer laterals first and lower surface costs, including fewer roads, pads, water pits and well lines. Those savings are in our control and we're forecasting $200 million in 2018 and $350 million per year for the following nine years. The other $600 million is from a reduction of $100 million of G&A per year discounted for 10 years. Given the overlap of the businesses and after careful evaluation, we believe the $2.5 billion is a conservative estimate and are confident in our ability to achieve these targets. In addition to the quantified synergies, there are significant synergies that are harder to quantify. We listed them in our presentation this morning along with ranges of potential value. If you took the high end of the ranges of each category, the additional synergies are well in excess of the $2.5 billion that we've already quantified. A few examples are increasing well recoveries by combining EQT and Rice's best drilling and completion techniques is worth $500 million for every 1% increase in EUR per foot. Increased leverage in acquiring drilling and fracking services is worth $300 million for every 1% improvement in service costs. And G&A savings beyond the 10 years is worth approximately $500 million. There are several other additional synergies discussed in our updated IR deck. And I would encourage you to review our new deck for the full slate of additional synergies. I think you'll also conclude that our original estimate of $2.5 billion in synergies is very conservative and we expect to be able to exceed that amount by a fair margin. We continue to make strong progress towards completing the transaction and recently received antitrust clearance from the Federal Trade Commission, one of the customary closing conditions of the transaction. Rice is an outstanding, strategic and operational fit for us and we're excited to complete the transaction in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Pat for Q&A.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. Scott, some of that capital is being reallocated to completion of some DUCs that we acquired in the West Virginia acquisitions over the past year. So, not to new grassroots wells, but to the completion of a suite of DUCs.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. I think we now have the frac crews in place and they're getting to work. And so the pace of completed wells is going to be higher, but DUCs as well will also – since we don't have to drill those wells, they're already drilled – will help us increase that pace quite a bit in the second half of the year.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: I don't think we've quoted that, but definitely the fourth quarter and heading into 2018 will – the growth rate will be significantly higher than it has been the last couple quarters.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Well, we don't have comments on that. I would defer you to Rice and/or LOLA for questions on that. I guess my only comment would be we're very familiar with LOLA and the assets that they have and they fit very nicely in the core backyard of Greene and Washington counties. So they are definitely high quality assets, but questions regarding any potential transaction should be directed to those companies.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. So, maybe I should describe a few of those that probably aren't obvious. So the West Virginia laterals one, that's a – if you assume that we could increase the average lateral in West Virginia by 2,000 feet, at the same time, delaying a significant amount of the West Virginia development because we'll be more focused on Pennsylvania, so all that's incorporated into this number. But the reason that we think that might be possible or at least the portion of that is possible is we've clearly found that time equals more length, especially in West Virginia, because of the, frankly, antiquated oil and gas regulations they have. It takes a lot of time to piece together longer laterals. And as a result of the Rice acquisition and shifting our focus to Pennsylvania, that will buy us a lot more time to work the existing locations in West Virginia. And, ultimately, they will be longer when we drill them than they otherwise would have been. So that's what is behind that. And I would stress on the sheet in our IR presentation. Those are ranges of values. We're not necessarily saying that we expect to achieve 100% of all of those, but I would expect that we will achieve some amount of probably all of them or nearly all of them. And that's one. So, we picked 2,000 feet because we think that's plausible. But it will be hard to quantify and hard to measure and will occur somewhat down the road. On the – I think the buying power is self-explanatory. That's just having more leverage because of our scale and negotiating service contracts. And/or if that's not possible having enough scale and enough certainty with our drilling programs, if it made sense we could ourselves get into the service business – if that made more sense to make sure we got some synergies there, although I think more likely would be – that we're just able to negotiate better contracts. The marketing optimization is again because of the scale and the amount of gas that we will have available to sell in our commercial group, that they will be able to negotiate better sales contracts. And that one is a $0.05 improvement in realized price. We deal $1.4 billion in value. I can't guarantee you will get $0.05, but we should be able to negotiate better sales contracts. So there should be some value there, for sure. LOE optimization is again – we haven't built that into our synergies. But clearly because of the operational overlap of the two companies, we would fully expect to realize some unit LOE improvements. And we've quoted a $0.03 improvement in yields, $800 million in additional value. We talked about the G&A. We've only discounted that for 10 years. If you assume that that continues in perpetuity it's another $0.5 billion, but we tend to be more conservative on our estimate. And, finally, the MVP expansion – because of the extra or the increased production that we'll have, it's possible that that expansion opportunity could be accelerated by up to three years which pulls forward that value and has a PV of about $200 million. And the biggest one is the thought that between the two companies we've got a lot of data on completion practices in this core area of the Marcellus and both companies have independently done a lot of science and analysis and gathered tremendous amounts of data. And we put those two databases together and can explore the best techniques in various areas. Almost certainly we will be able to come up with best practices going both ways that improve the returns of our wells. Hard to predict how much that will be. But, for example, if we increased the EURs by 5%, that's an additional $2.5 billion of synergy. So that's a particularly powerful one and one that I fully expect to capture some if not all of that amount of synergy. That may be a little more long-winded than you wanted.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yes. It would frankly be doing more of what we're already doing, but having more time to do it. So, swaps for sure. We have a lot of acreage that overlaps with one of our big competitors down there. But swaps are particularly difficult to work out. You have different acreage dedications to different midstream companies. You have different net revenue interest, different terms in the leases. So, it takes a lot of effort to get the swaps done. It also gives us more time to work on the joint development and co-tenancy legislation in West Virginia that we still feel needs to happen in West Virginia. And we still remain cautiously optimistic that with more time we will get that legislation through. That would be a big improvement for West Virginia lateral lengths and economics will make West Virginia more competitive in certain areas with our Pennsylvania opportunity. So, having more time to work on that before we drill the wells is certainly a big advantage.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Drew, I think, with the acquisitions we've done in West Virginia and now with the Rice transaction, our appetite for additional significant acquisitions is satisfied, I think. I think, with the Rice transaction, our position is extremely well consolidated. There were still be holes. And I think we've estimated and told you all that we would expect you should be modeling about $200 million a year for fill-in opportunities to fill in those holes. But in terms of any more significant transactions to consolidate, I think, the Rice transaction accomplishes what we set out to achieve. And we're going to be focused on delivering on the results that we've been talking about. So, but that said, I think, there are still lots of operators out there, lots of companies still trying to rationalize their positions and I think, ultimately, trying to do what we have just done and build contiguous acreage positions too, so they can improve their capital returns and their margins. So, I would expect you'll see continued activity, but I think except for the small little pieces and parts that we'll need to pick up to fill in some holes, I think, we're good for now.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. Well, if you look at the slide 14, it's actually an additional $7.5 billion of potential. So I do want to be clear. The numbers that are shown on that page are all the numbers at the high-end of the ranges. And I think it's probably a bit optimistic to assume that we could capture all of that. So I don't want anyone to take away from this that we're saying we're going to get another $7.5 billion on the top of the $2.5 billion. I do fully expect we will get some amount probably from each of those categories. And it's probably a good time to mention this. One of the reasons that we didn't provide these upfront is these – to your question, Neal, these are far more difficult to prove and to do a look back on and demonstrate that we captured it and to quantify how much we got and when we got it, because of the nature of them versus the two categories of synergies that we talked about initially, which, A, we have extremely high confidence we will get at least that much, and, 2, We will easily be able to demonstrate how we performed versus those estimates. These will be much more difficult to demonstrate how much we were able to get. So, with that caveat, these were all – so the ones that are related to a development program, so like incremental EUR improvements, that was to get to the $2.5 billion, I'd assume 5% of every well point forward. So, that assumes starting day one, so that's probably frankly a bit aggressive. It will take a little time to study the – to get the data in, have the engineers look at it, implement new practices, but that applies to several thousand wells. So if we missed a first few dozen, it probably doesn't change the value that much. And most of them are similar. It assumes applying that improvement on the pro forma development plan.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Well, in terms of expiring most of that acreages held by production, so it won't expire. We don't view it as favorably as the Greene, Washington county core, for two reasons. One, the geology is not quite as good. The rock is just not as good. It's not pad but it's not as good. And because of the consolidation efforts we've done in Greene, Washington and Northern West Virginia. That's where we're going to be able to drill the long laterals and that's where the capital efficiency is going to be dramatically improved. So, from a competition for capital standpoint, those corners of the box just won't compete for our capital but might be attractive to someone else, but you won't see a lot of activity from EQT in the corners of the box.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. I will certainly say it's not lip service and I'm trying to be as clear as I can that you have my personal commitment that we are going to address the sum-of-the-parts and we're going to do it in a way that we think is most beneficial to our shareholders. So, that's about as clear I know how to be. But I mean what I say. So, there is a strong commitment there. Yeah. Regarding the JANA letter, I think, we met with them shortly after the letter came out. So they are a significant shareholder and we're trying to reach out to all of them. And we discussed the merits of the transaction and we discussed the merits and the opportunities to address the sum-of-the-parts. And I think I'll leave it at that that just like all of our shareholders we communicate with them. We don't always agree on everything. But we made our case and we still continue to feel very strongly that this Rice transaction creates significant value for our shareholders and is the best and most appropriate next step in EQT strategy.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: That's a good question because you're right. We will have to re-permit and we can't begin that process until closing. So, there will be a time period where we're re-permitting wells. Hopefully that moves fairly quickly. But as you may be aware, Pennsylvania in particular right now is – the DEP is a little bit slow on permit. So there will be a few months to get that done. And then because of the timing on these large pads with long laterals, that's typically about a year from spud to on average TIL. So I would say it will be late 2019 at the earliest and early 2020 before you really see the production from the longer laterals hitting our income statement.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. That's where you really start to see it in full development mode. Some will certainly come sooner. And even absent the Rice transaction, on the EQT side, we currently have plans to drill quite a few wells that are north of 12,000 feet where our own acreage allows it. So you will see some longer laterals coming even before the Rice transaction closes or before we start to get the benefits from it. But by the end of – by early 2019 is when you will see the full forced effect of the combined company.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yes. That's another great question. First of all, the shareholder response, I think, has been – it's been extremely well received. And I've been very pleased at that because I wasn't quite sure how it will be received even though I think it is clearly the most prudent strategy for companies in the natural gas business. And you're hearing more companies start to talk about that, which I think is also a very positive development. I will say – that's another, so I'm going to go back to the Rice transaction. Another reason, I think, this transaction is so transformative for our shareholders is not only is it accretive immediately to EQT shareholders, not only does it give us an industry-leading cost structure and capital efficiencies in a very competitive commodity market, it will allow the strategy of prudent and profitable growth with return of cash to shareholders to really happen. Absent those cost improvements and the capital efficiencies, it's much harder to adopt that strategy and be able to sustain it and do it in a way that really moves the needle. But with our ability to drill these long laterals and the lower cost structure, I think, it really makes that strategy extremely compelling. So, yes, that is what we are headed toward. And I think you really start to see the benefits of it probably in 2020, when we are growing we think in the mid-teens and substantially less than our cash flow.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: And I would add, on the Upper Devonian, it's really about the use it or lose it proposition, which makes it different than the Utica in terms of the Utica now can't compete with the longer laterals. The Upper Devonian laterals can also get longer. And the Utica isn't going away. So if that opportunity gets proved up by someone else any time soon, we have that opportunity and can restart activity there quickly without losing anything. In those certain areas of the Upper Devonian, we do strongly believe that you lose that opportunity. But I think what you will see, Holly, is going forward a diminishing share of Upper Devonian relative to Marcellus. So we have even more compelling Marcellus opportunities now that Upper Devonian will have to compete with. And you may see us avoid those areas of Upper Devonian for now, so we don't lose it, but we will be drilling long Marcellus wells outside of that Upper Devonian co-development area. So I do think you will continue to see some Upper Devonian capital deployed. But as a proportion of our total capital, I think, you will see a steady decline and probably a fairly dramatic decline.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Yeah. Brian, I think, the truthful answer is I don't know. The Rice transaction made it an easy decision given that the hurdle for the Utica to be better than our Marcellus opportunities went up significantly. So it was pretty obvious decision because of the Rice transaction. Absent the Rice transaction, I think, we were probably still in test mode with the thought that we could get there. One thing we have learned over the past six months is while, in a lot of cases, we can drill wells in that $12 million to $14 million range, still occasionally, you have a troublesome well and the costs go well above that. And when you average that in, the learning curve was going to be probably a little longer than we thought. So we would have – absent the Rice transaction, we would have been incorporating that and trying to figure out, well, how confident are we that the average will be in that range and we probably need to get the results of a few more wells. So my guess would be we'd probably drill a few more wells to get the data and then make a decision and it could have gone either way. But with the Rice transaction, it's a no-brainer. We just don't think our Utica opportunities are likely to be able to compete with our new Marcellus opportunities.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Well, it does overlap with some of it and that's why I said you shouldn't expect Upper Devonian to go to zero. But a lot of the Rice opportunity lies outside of that and on the fringes of that. We may make the decision that the cost-benefit is more marginal. But certainly within – in the heart of that block, if we were going to drill, I think, we still feel strongly that we create value for our shareholders by taking the Upper Devonian versus forgoing that opportunity forever.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: But it's not all the Rice produce. These maps are kind of cartoonish, so you have to be careful about them.
Steven Schlotterbeck - EQT Corp.: Because if gas prices go up, the Marcellus economics go up. I don't think the Upper Devonian – the one thing that can equalize Upper Devonian with Marcellus in certain areas in certain circumstances, probably not even areas, circumstances is if the Upper Devonian has not been drilled, but the Marcellus has. And we have the opportunity to drill, say – I won't get the numbers quite right, but 16,000 foot Upper Devonian is probably economically equivalent to a 12,000 foot Marcellus. And, again, we'd have to check the numbers, but it's something like that. And if the Marcellus is drilled, because the two companies have drilled wells say toe-to-toe, but the Upper Devonian hasn't been drilled, so the combined acreage allows a 16,000 foot Upper Devonian. The return on that investment is probably identical to a 12,000 foot Marcellus well that we would drill. So there will be certain circumstances where extra-long Upper Devonians are just as good as your average Marcellus.
Robert J. McNally: Sorry, just one clarification on that piece. That would just be for the EQT run rate. There would be additional crews because of the Rice acquisition. So we would be at a higher number than 7 in 2018.
Robert J. McNally: As Steve said, we're committed to addressing the sum-of-the-parts issues in 2018. I'm not going to comment on any particular path forward. But we don't believe that taxes will be the deciding factor in whatever it is that we decide to do, or importantly, with regard to the timing of when we're able to do it.
Robert J. McNally: Hi, Holly. It's Rob. I think that when you look around at where we overlap with Rice, that we overlap both on the upstream and the midstream side. And so it's going to require less capital to deploy the midstream solution for whatever drilling that we do. And some of that may accrue to the midstream business and some of that may accrue to the upstream business, but there clearly will be less capital required to gather the volumes that get drilled.
Robert J. McNally: So, just one clarification on that, Brian, that I don't think we've said today. When we're talking about the Utica, we're only talking about the Deep Utica in Pennsylvania. We're not referring to the Ohio Utica that comes with the Rice transaction. Economically that competes much better with the Marcellus.
