Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. EQT is uniquely positioned to demonstrate the true value the natural gas can and will bring to the future energy mix of this country. As we continue this transformational journey to realize the full potential of EQT's premier shale assets, our focus will not only be on the financial and operational results we deliver, but on how we achieve those results. Our strategic approach is centered around the culture we create, the technology we utilize, the people executing the plan and the ultimate impact we have on the environment and communities in which we operate. All of these elements create a cohesive operational corporate and ESG focus strategy being executed with vision and purpose. These foundational elements that we have put in place guide our daily processes and will be what separates EQT from our peers, creating a clear natural gas leader in operator of choice to all stakeholders and ensuring sustainable long-term value creation. I'd like to thank all our employees for their continued hard work and dedication and every one of the attendance today for their continued interest and support of EQT, and with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Toby Rice: Sure, Josh. On the non-strategic asset sales, we've been pretty consistent on messaging there. I mean, the biggest gap for us was the bid-ask spread, largely driven by commodity prices used to value the assets. So, we've said it is the strip materialized -- materializes to our view, which is a sort of closer to where we're at today, that bid-ask spread close on those non-strategic assets. So we'll continue to evaluate any potential offers on those as they come in. Then on the M&A front. yes, we're not going to speak about specific deals, but continue to believe that anything we would ever look at would have to be a good strategic fit at the right value and accretive on a free cash flow per share and that basis.
Toby Rice: Sure. I think investors certainly have an appetite for companies that can operate at a larger scale, not just simply for the sake of scale, but because there is real value to be created, I think, you look at what we've done at EQT, taking advantage of our scale, there is real value that we're creating whether that means we get more reps and the wells that we execute, which gives us more opportunities to improve operational performance being able to have access to really cutting-edge technology like our electric frac fleets that you can only put in, if you have a stable operation schedule. The benefits of scale you get from having a large operating footprint and a large gathering system that ETRN provides us, which gives us access to a lot more markets and then also from on the balance sheet side of things having an investment grade credit rating is something that's going to be a differentiator as well. So I think investors are right and having the desire for larger scale companies and companies like EQT that can take advantage of that scale and create value for shareholders, I think it's going to be a theme that should be look forward.
Toby Rice: I mean I think that ESG could just be another barrier to some of the smaller steel companies certainly on the private status, then it's just another thing in future that you need to bolt on to your business certainly at EQT, with the number of employees and specialists that we have to focus and improve the performance across all these metrics is a benefit you get from a large organization and scale. So I think larger companies are, have the resources needed to dedicate the improving ESG performance, and ESG performance we think is going to be a differentiator and something that investors care about and we certainly believe the benefits of a strong ESG performance is going to be a key to long-term value creation for shareholders.
Toby Rice: Sure. I think just looking at Slides 9 through 12 sort to tell the story. Where we're at right now is we continue to produce results that actually drive value by lowering our well cost. We are starting got to fix the business phase at EQT in the large sledge, but it's sort of towards the earlier when we got in and now what you're starting to see is the innovative approach that we have at EQT. So you see that that's driving the operational efficiencies and we've made some pretty big strides and still on the drilling side and on the completion side, and really what's driving that is really highlighted on Slide 12, which is just the continued application of new technology and leveraging our technology to drive operational efficiencies, which drive well costs. On top of that. I'd say we've been able to take it to lock in some of the service pricing that we have about 50% of our services are locked-in, our spend is locked in to provide some sustainability in the well cost performance that we've been able to demonstrate. So we'll see how much more we can innovate and continue to drive the performance and I'm encouraged to have an organization that has the ability to evolve and innovate.
Toby Rice: So, I would just say that we continue to walk down our 2020 CapEx and planning for 2021 CapEx numbers and we're going to continue our maintenance program and we're going to -- we would say that probably start with what we're at with 2020 for our maintenance CapEx is going to be a good starting point for 2021.
Toby Rice: Once you start will be. Yes. As far as the sustainability, I mean the operation schedule that we have the lateral length that we're putting out there, the percentage of combo, those things are all increasing. So that's going to that certainly is very sustainable. That's really what sets the operational teams up to really drive operational efficiencies, which drives cost. So that's is well designed. We're going to continue with the well designs that we've been putting in place here. So I don't see any changes there. So we have a good idea of what these wells what it takes to actually execute these wells. The well design that we have and the other thing I'd say is, from the sustainability part from a service price perspective, I mean there is my comments on the fact that we've got over 50% of our spend is locked in with service costs. So, those are the bigger needle moving items like for frac fleet things that are more sensitive to moving. If you have a rise in activity levels, which again it will work pretty anemic levels from an activity level standpoint with under 300 rigs running in the country. We don't anticipate service pricing to bit to rise materially because we don't expect activity rise materially. So we feel like we're in a really good position from a cost perspective to make these sustainable.
Toby Rice: Yes, I would say, we look at for us maintenance CapEx is the production levels that we're looking at is probably on a yearly Bcfe level as opposed to what our quarterly production level would be. So we can just take that at 1480 Bcfe to 1500 Bcfe for the year. With maybe some shut-ins occasionally in there if we want to take advantage of arbitrage. And as far as, to answer your question on when we would think about growth. we're going to stay consistent with prior messaging, which is, there is a couple of things we want to see first. Number one is we want to get our balance sheet in our leverage targets, which we're well on track to doing that by buying at '21. I think the other thing we look at as you need to have a sustainable strip that's probably more than just the next 12 months out, and so we'll be surveying the landscape when we get to that point. And then maybe the third part is Brian, I think growth for us is probably 0% to 5%, but it's not going to be like the old days of 20%, 30% so it will be very modest growth if we do grow.
Toby Rice: Yes, sure. So I mean, we said historically it's a buyer's market, we think that that's still the market that we're in, so it all comes down to those metrics that we talked about is getting assets at the right price. So, I mean that's I think is going to be an ultimate determination on being able to achieve those type of metrics.
Toby Rice: Yes, so hitting our leverage targets is by '21. I think is going to give us the ability to make that decision. So that we could be returning capital to shareholders as early as 2021. I think that all things being equal, when it's when our balance sheet is going to the place where we'd like it, growth or return capital to shareholders where we're most likely going to be returning capital to shareholders.
Toby Rice: Yes, I think -- I think that you see, you just look back at the history here and any time we see a price signal industry has increased rates and grown production, any production growth, you get is offset by a decline in commodity price. So you're not really making any progress I think industry gets that right now I think the fact that operators are looking to organically deleverage their balance sheet by reducing absolute debt as opposed to increase in EBITDA, is one of the things that sort of keeping people disciplined on the growth, and I think the other thing is you look at the strip and while '21 is certainly come up, which is great to see, you look further out, and I think you look at that strip in '22 and '23 and realize that there is still an opportunity for commodity prices to come up to a level that before anybody would think about adding more activity.
Toby Rice: And then, I just jump in and you can say that if you want to use return on capital employed is a long-term return metric for investors that want to come back and really invest in this space. You know the industry really needs 350 gas over the next 5 years to really generate that return on capital employed.
Toby Rice: Sure. I think it comes down to just the points I made earlier about the benefits of upscale. So I mean being able to leverage technology at scale is certainly going to be something that would help being able to leverage lower well costs across a larger asset base is another one, being able to leverage the larger, more robust gathering network access to more markets being the third, and then also being able to take advantage of investment grade balance sheet would be the other as well, and I'd say strategically just having a little bit more control over supply. With a disciplined approach, I think is another thing that helps stabilize the commodity and like we said in our scripted remarks the thing that is going to increase the value of the biggest impact to the value for our shareholders is going to begin our asset value at a price as higher of closer to $3 and 250 and a more discipline in the industry is certainly going to be a key towards achieving that.
Toby Rice: Thanks everybody for your time today. We spent a lot of time over the past year, talking about the results that this organization has been able to produce, but I would urge everybody to take a minute and go to our CSR report at esg.eqt.com. I think it's a great example of how we don't just care about the results we put up on how we generate those results, and proud of the great work the team has done on putting that report and hope everybody can check it out. So thanks everybody, thank you.
David Khani: Yes. Hi, this is Dave, Josh. Yes, we're studying that and I think just one thing to be careful about I know basis really blew out a little bit wider than normal, but let's remember that we had a warmer than normal winter, and then we were sitting with COVID, and so I think we had a little bit unusual circumstances, but I think we're studying that, we're trying to decide whether we want to keep some of that, and just also remind, we can probably also replicate that to some degree with the sales agreement as opposed to owning all the pipe to. So there is multiple things we're thinking through here.
David Khani: Yes one, I think we're not going to comment much on. I think we might put some comment out in our 10-Q at the end of the day today. So you can take a look at it, but I think we're going to be very more silent on this and just know that our goal is always to work with our partner ETRN and I think we've had disputes in the past and we'll come to some sort of resolution in the future. So I just say sort of stay tuned.
David Khani: Sure. So if you use 325 is the midpoint here there is about roughly $100 million of tax refund baked in there, so take it down to 225 of organic and just remind everybody, we've shut in about $65 million [ph] for this year, roughly, and so that would have been another $65 million or probably more of free cash flow, and then we are going to get about, we'll call it $450 million of tax refunds on top of that. So that give you a sense of the total free cash flow plus tax refunds, that were able to use to pay down debt.
David Khani: Yes, I would say it's probably about two-thirds of improvement of that number, and so there is some moving parts in there. We post collateral with the different banks, different banks have different credit levels and some of the banks have unlimited credit level, so we move things around a little bit and then we also use the exchanges, and so, the rough number you should think about it about two-thirds.
David Khani: Yes. I'd just say it's hard to, we want to get -- we won't get into a lot of things, because we are in negotiations, but I'll just say we have -- we're negotiating with like four or five parties right now. And just understand this is a long-term contract, so everybody wants to make sure they understand their needs. And so, and in some cases some of the parties who were part of ACP that was kind of a -- in some cases a shock to the system. So, they're just understanding again what their long-term needs are. So, I think it's multiple parties multiple views and long-term contract in, and so it just takes some time, and then I think the last piece is we just want to make sure we understand from our standpoint, how much that we want to keep winning and so it just all that plays into the timing.
David Khani: Yes Holly, we don't break it out by pipeline. I just. we have basically $800 million of -- of credit in place, and again, we don't, we don't give it by project.
David Khani: It would come down. Yes, I guess it depends on what you define as material. I think more importantly as our credit ratings improve it will come down and I think that's probably the bigger -- I'd call the bigger driver between the two.
David Khani: Yes. So, this is Dave. So one thing to just think about is of probably a few weeks ago when we were at a conference we mentioned everybody that our balance sheet back in a few weeks ago when the curve is actually lower, we could see ourselves already get kind of two times leverage or less and so I think from an ability to need equity effectively to fund an acquisition to delever. I think just the fact that the strip has risen up a lot has really put ourselves already in our call investor grade metrics that's kind of why we talked about. So I think if we ever do M&A, I think the need for equity has significantly dropped and it doesn't mean we wouldn't do it, but I'd just say that I think their views out there that were written that we'd have to do a lot more equity, but I think again to talk these point if we buy it right, number one, that's the first point and then the fact that we're already sitting and investment grade metrics puts us in another good spot where equity is really less needed.
