Gary Gould: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'm very glad to be here and to join you today as EQT's new Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before I join the EQT team I most recently served as Senior Vice President of Production and Resource Development at Continental Resources. And earlier in my career I held various positions at Chesapeake, ConocoPhillips, Burlington Resources Resources and Exxon. These experiences taught me a lot about collaborative leadership, operational excellence and the efficient development of shale assets. And I'm very much looking forward to applying this knowledge here at EQT. I'm glad to be back in Marcellus and I'm excited about our future. This company has a world-class acreage position in the heart of the play. And our contiguous footprint is well situated to become the lowest cost, most efficiently develop asset in the entire basin. I'm pleased to partner with Rob and the rest of our management team here to drive further development, efficiencies and cost reductions. And I believe we will generate significant free cash flow for many years to come. Also, I look forward to getting on the road to meet with shareholders in the next weeks and months ahead to discuss the future of our company. And I want to thank everyone here at EQT for the warm welcome I received this week. Now I'll turn the call over to Jimmi Sue.
Gary Gould: Sure. I've been fortunate to be on a lot of really strong teams and had a lot of good results. I think what first attracted me to EQT was the strong oil and gas asset position that we have here. We have several years of inventory in the core of the Marcellus. And with that in hand, I think the future looks great. The second thing that impressed me here was, earlier in the year when I met with the Executive Management team, I found them to be just very smart, very energetic and very collaborative in their approach to leadership. And that matches up with my style also. I also found the team to be very focused on maximizing long-term shareholder value, and that's exactly how I approach operations. And then lastly, I would add that, this week as I continue to meet with my management team and some of the staff, I have found them to also be very smart, very collaborative in their teamwork and with a strong initiative to get operational results. I think that, if you look at my background, whether it be at Continental Resources or Chesapeake or some of the companies before that, we've always run our operations with the bottom line in mind of maximizing shareholder value and we've been successful in doing that in a multitude of plays, whether it be oil plays or gas plays and I look forward to leading operations here to continue to generate operational efficiencies and maximize shareholder value.
Gary Gould: Yes. So, this is Gary Gould, and I've been here about three days now and I think it's my fourth day. So it's probably a little early to comment on that. But what I would tell you is that, we will certainly be looking at all of that. We will absolutely be looking at cost, on CapEx, on LOE as far as optimizing costs and generating these operational efficiencies that we've talked about. But we will certainly be looking at the production side also to look at the combination of production and costs for designs associated with completions and designs associated with our production capacity in order to make sure that we are maximizing shareholder value, not just reducing cost, but maximizing shareholder value and therefore optimizing when it comes to production. And as we look at that, we will be continuing to compare our own performance to ourselves quarter-over-quarter and continuing to look for improvement. I think you already see great results from the first quarter here at EQT and then we will also compare ourselves to others within the basin to make sure that we become the lowest cost producer.
Rob McNally: Thank you, Jimmi Sue. Before we open the call up for Q&A, I'd like to reiterate that our strong first quarter results reflect our focus on enhanced operational efficiency. I'm extremely proud of the hard work and dedication displayed throughout the entire organization. Not only do we have a world-class asset base, but we also have a world-class group of employees. With the oversight of an active and engaged Board, we have developed a comprehensive and thoughtful roadmap to maximizing free cash flow, not only in 2019, but for many years to come. We've successfully reshaped our culture to focus on capital efficiency per share returns through accountability, collaboration and transparency, driving stronger results for our shareholders. Our strong financial and operational performance is just the beginning. And we're excited that our renewed operational focus will deliver significant value for our shareholders. We look forward to updating you as we continue to deliver results throughout the rest of 2019. So at this point, we'll open the call up for questions.
Rob McNally: Hi, Arun. Yes. So I would say that the results that we've seen both in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2019 are all really positive. Right. I mean, so they will shade us a bit lower on our cost per unit, whether Mcf or per foot. I'm really pleased with the efficiencies that we've seen with drilling, with completions and rollouts, we're making real progress in all fronts. So it's early in the process and our guidance has remained pretty consistent for the rest of the year, but if I had to bias it, I would say that cost would shade further down and not up.
Rob McNally: Yes. So, all of the data that we've collected thus far suggests that there is no degradation in productivity with longer laterals, that we're still getting effective fracs way, we do have to make some adjustments on staged lengths, so that we can keep the rate high enough. But everything that we've seen so far suggest that there is no degradation of productivity based on lateral length. So pleased with the well productivity results.
Rob McNally: Yes, sure. There is a few more moving pieces here. The first thing I'd say is that, the changes in schedule really are a good thing from a capital efficiency point of view. So the tills and lateral drills -- sorry, the spuds and lateral drilled are going down because we were able to drop a couple of rigs earlier than we expected. We had more rigs under contract than what we really needed for this plan that we're just going to build DUC inventory, but we were able to lay down rigs quicker than we thought. So that was a positive. The next piece is, where it had been more efficient in our frac operations. So we're getting more stages per day done than what we budgeted. And therefore, we're going to frac about 10 or 11 additional wells in 2019 above what was planned using the same number of frac crews. So we'll spend a bit more money there, which largely offsets the reduction in drilling. And that sets us up very well for 2020, because as we come into 2020 we're going to end up -- we are going to till -- I believe it's going to be seven less well than planned in 2019, but those wells will be ready to till early 2020 and require very little capital to get them online. So, overall, the scheduling changes are reflection of getting the steady state a bit quicker than we thought we would and more efficiencies, particularly on the frac side.
Rob McNally: Yes. I mean, all the efficiencies, both drilling and on the frac side those translate into lower cost per Mcfe. So the cost per unit is trending down.
Rob McNally: That's not related to scheduling, that's more around Mariner East East as well as the high unit that isn't going to be in service as soon. I think, it got delayed two quarters, I believe. So that's the reason that we have seen ethane volumes come down.
Rob McNally: We started the year running 10 rigs and we were planning to get down to seven and then six throughout the year. We just got there faster. We are down at seven rigs right now, seven horizontal rigs. And originally we were intending to be there sometime in the third quarter. So we were able to sublet three of the rigs.
Rob McNally: Yes. Hi, Jane. That's really a better question for the Equitrans management team. I believe that they are reporting next week. And so, we really see what is public information. And so far Equitrans has maintained a year end 2019 in-service date, and that's still what we have baked into our plans. And from our point of view, we think that this pipe is one that is highly likely to get built, the risks really is more around timing. But from an EQT perspective, if there is a delay, which we certainly don't know that there will be, but if there is, it actually is not incremental to us, it actually is a little bit helpful for 2020 cash flows, because the spreads on that transportation right now are a bit under water. But we do -- I want to be clear that we really do want to see MVP get built, and as a significant shareholder in Equitrans, we still hold our 19.9% stake. It's very important that, that pipe get done, and it's important for the industries takeaway capacity and our own takeaway capacity as we move forward in time that MVP get built.
Rob McNally: Right. That's a good question. And I would point out that we have not updated the five year plan, we've updated the 2019 guidance, but we have not updated the five year plan. When we do, what you will see is, there will be capital efficiency improvements in 2020 and beyond that are not yet reflected in that five year plan. And as we have gained efficiency both on the drilling and the completion side, that will flow through and we'll really start to see the benefits of that in 2020. And a good example is the additional 10 wells that we're going to frac in 2019 that only marginally affect 2019 volumes, will take effect in 2020 and there will be limited capital that has to be spent on those 10 wells in 2020.
Rob McNally: Yes. So, as you rightly point out, we're drilling fewer wells in West Virginia and Ohio than we do in Pennsylvania, which really is the core for us. In Ohio, that Ohio Utica, it -- economically it matches up reasonably well versus the Marcellus. It's not quite as good as core Greene County and Washington County, Marcellus, but it is reasonably good. And it's a nice blocky position where we're able to drill long laterals and it is a little bit different in terms of pipes that we can touch with it. So it does give us some diversification of operations that we like. In West Virginia, it is more difficult to operate, the land -- the rules and laws around land pooling, et cetera, are more difficult, it's harder to put together long laterals. But it is high quality rock and it has more liquids content. So economically it does compete reasonably well with Pennsylvania, Marcellus. Again, not quite as good as core Greene County and Washington County where we're drilling 12,000 to 14,000 foot laterals. But there is a place in the portfolio for both West Virginia and for Ohio. And as we make -- we make progress on the land position in West Virginia, you'll see us trying to deploy more capital in West Virginia.
Rob McNally: Sure. It's really around -- it's largely around the logistics on the path. So this is being thoughtful about pad layouts, how we get sand and water trucks in and out in a most efficient manner, it's manifold design changes on offloading water, it's measuring KPIs on time to unload, waiting times. So it's just paying attention to all the small details around logistics on the pad and making sure that the frac crews have the water and the sand that they need, when they need it. And it's just kind of optimization of what is a fairly complex logistics problems and we've made real strides on that front by paying attention to the variables that really matter.
Rob McNally: Yes. So at this point, we haven't -- there's not much, physically that's changed in terms of how we manage water, other than we're doing a much better job optimizing how we move water with trucks. Ultimately, the real win is to move as much water as possible in pipes, as opposed to trucking it, including impaired water. So we are in discussions with Equitrans on a number of fronts, one of which is, how to better manage water logistics in an area where we have a real concentration of activity. So that really points you to Greene and Washington Counties in Pennsylvania. There is opportunity to start to move some of our impaired water or maybe even a majority of our impaired water via pipe as opposed to trucks. And that's a significant difference. Right. And when you -- today we move about 75,000 barrels of impaired water a day, about half of that is in our core Green and Washington County areas. If we can pipe the water, we think that it's going to save us something like $5 a barrel in water cost. And so, when you do the math on that, it's valuable. And this isn't going to happen overnight, it's going to require some infrastructure, but it's something that's in the works. And I think that it is -- it's very doable. I think the other advantage is from our safety and environmental perspective, it is much more desirable to pipe the water as opposed to trucking. Water hauling is one of the most dangerous parts of this business and the fewer trucks that we have on the road the better. We will never get to zero, but as much as we can minimize it, it is an economic safety and an environmental advantage.
Rob McNally: I think what you said is correct. They would bias us toward better, all else remaining equal, better free cash flow in 2020 and beyond.
Rob McNally: Right. So there is work that's ongoing. And what we have said and what is baked into our plan is that, the midstream constraints are resolved by the end of 2020. Now we do think that we can make progress prior to that, and in fact even in the first quarter we saw throughput on one of our major systems above what we thought we could do. And so we are making some progress with tweaking the Midstream system. The greater and having -- the greater high pressure, low pressure system will take a bit longer to do, because there are permitting issues that have to be resolved, there is engineering that has to be done and there's some pipe that has to be put in the ground. But we're confident that, that can happen and that work is ongoing and it is well related to the other negotiations with Equitrans, we are not waiting on those to be completed before we -- before we keep that work moving. So we're optimistic about how we fared versus our plan that we will be at least on time or maybe early on that plan. And we'll continue to update you as we make progress.
Rob McNally: Yes. So on the A&D side, our willingness to divest non-core assets. Certainly, we are hoping that we're always open to discussions around value of assets and if it's more valuable to somebody else and they're willing to pay us worth and it's accretive to our shareholders and that's certainly something that we would consider. I think that realistically there is not much of a market for Tier 2 Marcellus at this point, I think the economics just don't support it. But we're always open to having those discussions if there are people who are interested in either in Tier 2 Marcellus or even stuff that's further back, that's Tier 1 but further back in our drilling program. On the leasing rates, I'd say that there's not a material change in what we're seeing in leasing. right. It's been fairly consistent. And it varies a bit area by area, but I don't think there's been any major change.
Rob McNally: Yes. So the board is reviewing the Rice nominees, we're preparing our proxy materials, it's all kind of in the normal course of how this process needs to run. And the decisions will get made on the appropriate time line. And we're not going to get pushed to it faster than what the Board is ready to do. And frankly, this is kind of much to do about nothing. And it feels a bit like an attempt to just distract attention from what was really a great operational quarter and real progress for the Company. So that's really where we want to keep our focus.
Rob McNally: Sure. Thanks Michael. In terms of the DUC count, it actually going to come down a little bit as we work through the year, it was going to rise some prior to us being able to farm out the three rigs that we talked about earlier. In terms of an optimal DUC count, I'm not sure that really is one, right. We want to make sure that the wells are drilled and ready to be fracked so that we don't have a bottleneck in the process. And there's also some land considerations on holding acreage, so we sometimes need to drill wells and build DUC backlog from a land point of view, but I'm not sure that there's a magic number in terms of number of DUCs. We just want to make sure that the operation is running smoothly and there are bottlenecks in it.
Rob McNally: We're only a quarter into this and while we have seen some efficiency gains better than what we -- than what we had planned on. I think we need to let this run forward a little more before we change rig and frac count counts. I think right now we're running seven rigs and five -- actually six frac crews. That neighborhood is going to be the right one in this commodity price environment and maybe if the efficiencies really hold or continued to improve it means it will drop another rig and one more frac crew, but I think this is probably the right neighborhood to think about.
Rob McNally: There's been a little bit of improvement in pricing, but it's single digit, it's not a big number. What I would say though is, our efficiency in working with our frac crews and with our frac providers has gotten much better. Right. We have changed the culture a bit where we are really trying to be good partners with our service providers making longer term commitments and really working hand-in-hand to improve the efficiency of the operations. That's where we've seen the big gains. I mean, we've gone -- as far as saying you guys tell us what we're doing to slow down the operations and how we're causing problems and we've changed a number of our procedures and processes in that partnership and that has -- we've seen real improvements. So I'm extremely excited about that. I think that's been a big move in the right direction. And it really is much bigger and more important than any pricing changes is the efficiency gains.
Rob McNally: Yes. So, I'd say there's a few competing points here, Betty. Certainly, pricing coming off has a negative impact to free cash flow, but the efficiency gains that we have made do offset that partially. And I would also say that, we've been fairly aggressive in hedging the back part of the year. And so we protected ourselves from the recent -- from at least a portion of the recent price moves. So we still stand by our guidance of $300 million to $400 million of free cash flow in 2019.
Rob McNally: Yes. I think that there's a broad -- there's potential for a broad renegotiation with Equitrans over our midstream contracts. Gathering transmission, it includes water. There is a number of areas where we can help Equitrans grow their revenue base with us by providing other services or other areas where they don't currently do the gathering. Water is a great example of a new revenue stream that they could generate. And then for us Equitrans can help lower our per unit gathering rates. And you're right, that is a big portion of our costs. And so when you think about where we are with G&A and LOE, we're at pretty low levels, but there is big numbers in the gathering and transportation costs where I think we can make real progress with Equitrans. And have it truly be a win-win deal for Equitrans and EQT where Equitrans has the ability to grow their revenue base and we have the ability to lower our per unit costs.
Rob McNally: Well, when you think about LOE or SG&A, you're talking about pennies or portions of pennies, right, per Mcfe. When you're looking at $1.20 plus of gathering and transportation costs, maybe you're talking about nickels or dimes. And so there is potential for significant improvement that we can't find in other parts of the cost structure.
Rob McNally: Okay. Thank you, everybody. Appreciate the time this morning. I look forward to updating you in the second quarter. And as always, if you have follow-on questions please feel free to contact Blake. Thank you.
