Philip P. Conti: Thanks, Pat, and good morning everyone. As you read in the press release this morning, EQT announced second quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.01, which represents a $0.60 per share decrease from adjusted EPS in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted operating cash flow attributable to EQT also decreased by $202.3 million to $80.7 million for the quarter. Results in the quarter were significantly negatively impacted by lower commodity prices, which I will address in a minute. There were two fairly significant non-cash items that partially offset each other in the adjusted earnings this quarter. First, we recorded non-cash losses on hedges of $25.9 million during the quarter. The second item was a positive $35.7 million benefit based on IRS guidance on the regulatory ratemaking treatment of a like kind exchange associated with the utility sale, which had the effect of favorably distorting the reported effective tax rate for the second quarter. This tax benefit will reverse either over the life of the assets or upon a taxable disposition such as a future dropdown. Excluding this tax benefit, our year-to-date effective tax rate was 10.5%, which is still abnormally low due to an increase in our earnings attributable to the non-controlling unitholders of EQM and EQGP, which are not tax affected as well as negative production operating income as a result of lower commodity prices. As Pat mentioned, EQT Midstream Partners and EQT GP Holdings results are consolidated in EQT Corps result. And EQT recorded $58.2 million of net income attributable to non-controlling interests or $0.38 per diluted share in the second quarter 2015. Other than that, the second quarter was fairly straightforward and I will keep my remarks rather brief. Starting with EQT Production, the story here continues to be growth in sales of produced natural gas, although that growth was overshadowed this period by lower commodity prices. Production sales volume in the recently completed quarter was 34% higher than the second quarter 2014. Despite that volume growth, we recorded a $66.9 million operating loss in the quarter at production, including the non-cash losses on hedges of $25.9 million that I just mentioned and that compared to operating income of $113.7 million last year, excluding the $31 million gain on the asset exchange in the second quarter of 2014. So again, the significantly lower average realized price more than offset the volume growth. Operating revenues were $269.5 million excluding the non-cash loss, $113.5 million lower than last year's second quarter. The realized price at EQT production was $1.41 per Mcf equivalent, compared to $3 per Mcf equivalent last year. And you'll find detailed components of the price differences in the tables in this morning's release. Total operating expenses at EQT Production were $310.5 million, or $50.7 million higher quarter-over-quarter. DD&A was $37.1 million higher. Transportation and processing expenses were about $11 million higher. And LOE, excluding production taxes, were about $3 million higher, all consistent with the volume growth. Exploration expense including $9.4 million of non-cash lease impairments was $4 million higher quarter-over-quarter. Moving on to the Midstream business, operating income here was $108.2 million, up 22% over the second quarter of 2014. This is consistent with the growth of gathered volumes and increased capacity-based transmission revenue. Gathering net operating revenues increased by 35% to $122.9 million as gathering volumes increased by 35%. Transmission net revenues increased 19% to $61.1 million, as additional firm capacity was added over the past year, mostly in the fourth quarter of 2014. Storage, marketing and other net operating revenues were down $4.3 million in the quarter. Total operating expenses at Midstream were $81.2 million or $10.6 million higher as a result of our continuing growth. On a per unit basis, however, G&C expense was down 19% as a result of volumes growing faster than expenses. Just a brief note on liquidity; EQT had about $2 billion in cash on hand at quarter end, excluding the cash on hand at EQM and EQGP as well as full availability under EQT's $1.5 billion credit facility. So we do remain in a great liquidity position to accomplish our goals for the foreseeable future. Our current estimate of 2015 EQT operating cash flow is still $900 million, adjusted to exclude the non-controlling interest portion of EQM and EQGP's cash flow. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Steve Schlotterbeck.
Philip P. Conti: No, Phil about $25 million to $30 million of that is the E&P, because the – some, not all the well cost will see the reduction for the full year. The rest is our Midstream projects that are basically slipping into next year on the gathering side.
Philip P. Conti: Yeah, they're pretty – been pretty steady. They move a little bit, Michael. Later today we'll put out updated guidance for the rest of 2015 and you'll see that the second quarter numbers are consistent with that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Phil. Today I'll give you an update on the two topics of interest to investors over the past few months, upstream M&A and our deep Utica well. On the upstream M&A front, we've not seen many deals getting done. It seems that sellers have not changed their value expectations to reflect a natural gas strip that is significantly lower than a year ago. We continue to believe that there is significant value creation opportunity by consolidating core Marcellus positions into larger more contiguous blocks. This would not only add to our core Marcellus development inventory, but more importantly, it would increase the economic value of our existing leasehold by taking advantage of the significant economies of scale of larger multi-well pads and longer laterals. We also believe that attractive M&A opportunities may present themselves as the effects of the low price environment become more pronounced for companies that entered this cycle with insufficient liquidity. However, we will be patient to ensure that any M&A activity we pursue will create additional value for our shareholders. Moving on to our dry gas Utica well. Last week we successfully completed the fracking of this well. The frac was an 18 stage job in a 3,221 foot lateral that utilized ceramic proppant. We were able to successfully place 100% of the planned proppant while maintaining our desired pumping rates. Last night we concluded a 24 hour deliverability test to sales of this well. During this test, the well averaged 72.9 million cubic feet per day with an average flowing casing pressure of 8,641 psi. This equates to a 24 hour IP per 1,000 foot of lateral of 22.6 million cubic feet per day. To the best of our knowledge, this is the highest reported IP of any Utica well to-date and the per-foot rate is more than double the previous high. As you might expect, we're very pleased with the results of this well. I want to make note of the fact that we were able to flow this well directly into the sales pipeline without shutting in production from our other wells. This was possible primarily because of the integrated nature of our Upstream and Midstream businesses. Our Midstream group was able to reconfigure the gathering system to allow this capacity to be available, which likely would not have been possible on a third-party system. Our current plan is to produce this well to choke controlled rate of approximately 24 million cubic feet per day to manage the stress on the proppant and to monitor the pressure decline so we can begin to get an understanding of the decline profile and EUR potential of this well. Currently the well is producing 26 million cubic feet per day and approximately 2,000 barrels of frac water per day with flowing casing pressure of 9,555 psi. In fact, the flowing pressure is currently climbing as the well continues to clean up. In addition, we plan to spud another deep Utica test in Wetzel County, West Virginia, in the third quarter of this year. Following that test, we will evaluate our next steps, where we expect to quickly begin focusing on lowering the cost of drilling and completing these wells. Our current estimate is that wells in this area can be drilled at a total cost of approximately $12.5 million for a 5,400 foot lateral, but it will take us several more wells to get fully up the learning curve. Finally, I'd like to take a moment to congratulate all the EQT folks involved in this success. As you've heard me say before, this well was the most technically challenging well we've ever drilled and completed. Our outstanding team was up to the challenge and has delivered a truly phenomenal well while continuing to maintain a safe and environmentally responsible operation. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Porges for his comments.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Phil, This is Steve. I think we've already reassessed our Upper Devonian areas based on the lower gas prices, so we'll continue to do that. There are certain areas at the current prices that make sense. And I think relative to the Utica, while this is clearly a phenomenal well, we need to get up the learning curve and get our cost down and get some decline history of this well, so we truly understand what the economics are. I would say the initial data far exceeds our expectation. So I think that's a very positive sign for the economics of the Utica, but we're going to need to drill a few more wells and understand the type curve a lot better before we make any major shifts to our development plan.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I think, Scott, we literally finished the deliverability test last night and the results were quite a bit in excess of our expectation, so I think it's a little premature for us to be predicting EURs and even the length of time at the current rate. We're going to need to study it a little while before we have any reasonable sense of that, but I think given the 24 hours we've seen, it's a very strong well and the pressures seem to be holding up very well. So, in fact it's still cleaning up, so like I mentioned in my comments, the pressure's actually still inclining a bit as the water production declines. So it hasn't even really fully cleaned up yet for us to get a good clean data set. So I think you're going to have to wait a little while for those kinds of predictions.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, again, I don't know that I want to comment on EURs of competitors' wells. I think you can refer to what they thought. What I will say is, we had set up to flow this well at 60 million cubic feet a day and to be honest I thought that was a bit insane. I didn't expect that from this short lateral. We had some extra units out there in case of mechanical problems and once we saw what this well was capable of, those backups became primary units. So that we could go above the 60 million cubic feet a day and frankly we were struggling to hold this well back at those rates. So it definitely was – we were expecting a good result, setting up for 60 million cubic feet a day and then the see these rates with even higher pressures than we expected, which means lower drawdown, so we didn't have to pull on this well very hard at all to get those rates. That makes us have to go back and reassess what's better about this, what's better about the reservoir than we expected. Do we have the right gas in place numbers or is there more gas in place. So it's premature really to comment on any of that given less than two days of production data on one well.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Sure. Same answer I give every call. That's completely driven by timing of multi-well pads and long laterals with lots of stages. What I will tell you that I really haven't provided on future calls is we expect an increase as the year goes on in number of stages we're turning in line per quarter with the fourth quarter of this year being the highest for the year, which will drive production results in early 2016, but it's strictly driven by the timing of rig moves on big pads.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Again, I'm going to pass on answering that question because it's not just – it's not based on EURs, it's based on the decline profile of the well and with 24 hours of data, we just don't know. So, it's going to take some time.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, nothing, nothing in beyond that is just a normal day-to-day operations that's, that's likely due to the fact and a lot of those stages came on late in the quarter and just didn't have time to contribute.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, I think our plan will be to drill the Wetzel County, West Virginia well later this year, and that, we believe both our current well and that well geologically should be very similar, so we think that. And we think between those two wells and the acreage that they will delineate, we will have delineated plenty given what these wells will produce. And then we'll likely, rather than focus on delineating the extent of the play, we'll be focused more on cost reductions and efficiencies on the drilling and completion side and probably let our competitors do a little more of defining the limits of the play. So I think you'll see most of our drilling concentrated in that southwestern PA, northern West Virginia corridor where we think we have some really excellent Utica rock.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah. I think there's a chance we will spud a third late in the year. We'll have to see on timing. I think our plan is since – the real economic key at this point appears to not be the reservoir. It appears to be the cost to drill and complete. So we don't want to go too fast so that we have the opportunity to learn lessons from each well we drill. So for the meantime, we'll probably be drilling one well sequentially rather than doubling up rigs and so that we can get full benefit from what we learn on each well. So a well in the third quarter depending on timing of that we may – around the end of the year would probably be another well. Maybe it'll be late this year or early next year. And then depending on how we progress up that learning curve and what the economics look like and the decline curves look like, that's when we'll know when it's time to accelerate or really what the plan is.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, we used some 100 mesh sand in the first part of each stage, but for all of the large size proppant, was 100% ceramic.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think actually that 16% is driven strictly by renegotiated service contracts, so there's no drilling efficiencies or any other factors in that 16%. Any of those factors would be over and above that. I think the reality of service cost reductions is they're not very sticky. If gas prices ramp back up, which I'm not expecting any time soon, but if they would, I think we'd likely be faced with service cost increases. So they tend to move with gas prices and operating levels.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, Drew. It was – we don't have the final numbers yet, but it's going to be right around $30 million and if you recall we had some pretty significant issues dealing with the extremely high reservoir pressure. So it was pretty expensive.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: A lot of all of that. So the rig time was long, the completion time was long. There's lots of opportunity for improvement, which is why there's such a big gap between the cost of this first well and what we think these should be able to be drilled for. So like anything new, there's a learning curve. I think we'll be able to get up it pretty quick. Just I would expect our next well would be substantially less expensive than this first well. But it's probably going to take several wells for us to approach that $12.5 million number.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: No. One more I'd say for sure and the possibility of a third very late in the year. It might hit this year, might hit next year.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yeah, probably as much predicated on how this current well performs. So we'll be watching it for the next few months. That'll start to give us a first read on decline rates in EURs. At this point, all we really know is the productivity of the well, or the deliverability, which again was exceptionally high, but we need to see how it holds up to really understand the economics and what this really means.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I don't know. Well, we don't have an AFE on it yet. I don't know the projected lateral length. I'm sure we will try to drill it longer than the 3,100 feet or 3,200 feet, but I don't know the exact length.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, maybe not that, but I will say that this first well gives us a high level of geologic and deliverability certainly around at least 50,000 acres. So there's 50,000 acres we think looks identical to this without getting too far away from this. We think Wetzel County looks similar, but that's getting pretty distant and is not included in that number. But that gives you sort of an estimate of, I'd say our certainty level has gone way up on at least 50,000 acres, just with this first well.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: That's always hard to project. In April, I think when we announced our first set of cost reductions, we had gone through all of our suppliers and gotten what we thought we could at the time, but continued to work at it and now have announced another 5%. I don't know if there's another 5% or not, but I can tell you we're going to continue to keep working at it. So a lot depends on what happens in the market, what gas prices do, what activity levels do, but we're going to keep trying to squeeze a little bit more.
David L. Porges: On my basic view, this is Dave, I'll let Pat answer too though, an inadequate investor relations effort.
David L. Porges: We'll have to take a look at that in the normal course of events. We do try to be influenced more, given the lags of the wells, by the longer-term strip, something that will match when the gas is actually getting sold. And of course one of the things that's going on in the basin right now is that supply is outstripping for the time being takeaway capacity. But a number of projects, our projects, I mean EQM projects as well as other midstream companies' projects are coming online over the course of the next couple of years. And that at least will help with that. But clearly we will have to relook at activity level and where we allocate resources. As Steve mentioned, it's very early with the Utica to figure out what the implications are, but if we keep getting these kinds of results and our peers keep getting these kinds of results, then I do think we have to assume that that's going to shift the supply demand balance again, which will mean that some places probably don't make sense to develop. It will probably mean that the Marcellus Utica though, in future would make up an even higher percentage of the overall mix and we'd have to take that into account, the overall country. The North America's supply mix and we'll have to take that into account also. So clearly, we have to be working all of that in ahead of coming up with a budget for 2016.
David L. Porges: That's exactly right. Still, wearing the fired retardant pants so that it doesn't burn a hole in our pockets. But, look, as Steve mentioned, if there's opportunities, especially on the Upstream side to enhance our current acreage position, then that's great. We want to be prepared to take advantage of that. But this is one of those times where I'm, geez, after the last three months, I think just for the whole sector we'd probably say no one would feel bad about having the liquidity position that we've got. And if anything, I think we feel better about it and I'm guessing we will get fewer questions about what we're going to do with all that cash because of this environment. That it just means that we're able to make decisions that we think are the right economic decisions for our shareholders rather than being overly influenced by near-term liquidity matters.
David L. Porges: You know, for years, our view, or at least my view has been getting heat value for ethane is, on a netback basis, not a bad deal versus the alternative. And I got to tell you, nothing's happened in 2015 that would have changed my mind on that.
David L. Porges: We always, again, evaluate based on what the strip is going to be, because there's nothing we will do in the second half that would result in revenues in 2015. Really at this point probably there's nothing we do going forward that's going to result in much in the way of revenues before the second half of 2016, just because of the lags involved. So that's really more what we follow, is what's happening. And we do recognize the strip has declined. But the other issues on the seasonality with basis has been probably a bigger deal and that's going to be – so we do time some of these activities to when takeaway projects are going to be coming online.
David L. Porges: Yeah. I think we've kind of moved a little bit past where it's mainly a dropdown story. I see EQM as being more of an organic growth story and I agree with you, the agreement to build out that system for that – pretty sizable system for Range Resources is a good example of that. And that is happening all at the EQM level. We haven't updated our guidance or even our thought process yet about whether we've got one more or a couple of more drops and we've alluded to how much value, cash flow, et cetera we have remaining at EQT and we do continue to invest a little bit at the EQT level in some of that. But generally speaking, you should be thinking about this as being organic growth at EQM and incidentally, I'll volunteer that, from an economics perspective, since we are into the high splits, it winds up being most value accretive all the way around to focus on organic projects, rather than, say, acquisitions or things like that. And that includes with the dropdown. So we will drop what remains, but the focus at EQM is to create value through pursuing these organic opportunities and again, that's, as you're seeing, we're going to – we're trying to grow our market share. That's what that Range Resources deal shows, to provide services to other producers. And I think the Utica's going to open up even more opportunities for EQM.
David L. Porges: Yeah. We continue to – we reassess that I'd say periodically. So that'll also factor in with drop schedules and the capital budget and things like that as we look later in the year. So the next time we take a real serious look at that, and this is really kind of starting now, is that they'll run up to the capital budget, the annual plan and capital budget for the coming year. So that'll cause a pretty deep dive on some of those things.
David L. Porges: We actually look at that as we get into the autumn. So this is the time of the year we're probably least likely to do that type of back of the envelope sensitivity, because we're into the normal run up to our typical process and we will – you'll be doing that in some depth as we move into through third quarter into the beginning of the fourth quarter.
David L. Porges: I'd just say that we are always focused and I think, over the course of the time that I've been here, this company has prided itself, and I think it's reasonably so, on being focused on creating shareholder value. So, I just leave it at that, that we just want to figure out the best way to create shareholder value over time.
