Toby Rice: Thanks, Dave. To conclude today's prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a few points. One, through our relentless cost reduction efforts, balanced hedging strategy and execution on accretive M&A opportunities, we have purposely positioned EQT to thrive in all natural gas price scenarios; two, EQT is on track to become the first energy producer of meaningful scale to achieve net 0 Scope 1 and to GHG emissions, and we believe the market is only scratching the surface of recognizing the strategic value of the emissions profile of our natural gas.  Three, our 2022 reserve report underscores the consistency of our combo development strategy positive well performance trends and the tremendous value inherent in our proved reserve base with significant upside based on our peer-leading inventory depth. Our opportunistic capital return strategy has positioned us well to capitalize on temporary gas price weakness ahead of a structurally bullish natural gas outlook over the coming decades. And lastly, EQT offers among the best risk-adjusted exposure to natural gas prices and as 1 of the lowest 2023 free cash flow breakeven NYMEX prices of all U.S. natural gas producers, which underscores the sustainability of our business through all parts of the commodity cycle. I'd now like to open the call to questions.
Toby Rice: Yes. Great question. So I think you'll see us continue our approach towards our capital allocation plans. What you've seen in the past has been a prioritization of debt paydown. That's going to shift asset value into the hands of our equity holders. And then you'll see us continue to be opportunistic with the buybacks. And obviously, the fixed dividend that we put in place is durable and will be a story that will continue to look to grow that over time.
Toby Rice: Yes. And specifically, in regards to our strategy, I think Dave's comments on our hedging strategy is designed to give us the downside protection while also giving us great exposure to commodity prices. So you'll see us continue to execute that approach. As it relates to our activity levels, what you're seeing with us this year is putting a plan in place that will get our production capacity back to 500 Bcf per quarter run rate. We feel like that's prudent to get that capacity back. But that will give us the ability to respond in more real time if we continue to see gas prices decline or we'll be happy to have that production capacity if gas prices move back to our view of where we think prices will be in the future. So on an M&A basis, we're going to continue. You'll see no change on the approach there. One of the key characteristics of our M&A approach hasn't just been on making sure we see the financial accretion on deals with cash flow per share NAV per share. But the other factor, which is really showing up is our commitment to buying low-cost, high-quality assets and in a low cost low price environment today, you're seeing the benefits of that. And so we'll continue to reinforce that element of our M&A strategy.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean the ultimate approach in any of the science work we do is improve the economics of the projects that we're developing. The science that we're doing is going to have the effect of lowering our F&D through increasing the performance on an EUR per foot basis, but that does come with some associated increase in costs. So for us to make a full determination on the economics that we'll receive with this well design, we really need to continue through the monitoring period of the signs that we have in the ground right now. And also, we'll pair that up with service cost inflation expectations and make a decision. Insight date for that is towards the middle part of this year. So we'll come back to you with an update as we get this information.
Toby Rice: Yes, it's been a hot market the last 6 months, specifically. But I think with the pullback in commodity prices, we do anticipate to see some activity reductions. You're already seeing it from what we consider the marginal producer here in the U.S. and the Haynesville. So I think in the next -- over the next few weeks, we'll have a better view on activity levels and how they're coming down. And ultimately, that should translate to lower service costs in the future, and we'll be monitoring that closely.
Toby Rice: Yes. As it relates to our hitting our production capacity targets by Q3, the thing we're really looking at is completion efficiencies and really stages per day footage completed per day. And one of the slides we showed how we've gotten back to sort of historical performance levels there. So we'll be watching that, and that will really be the guiding factor on the pace of reaching that target. As it relates to the activity levels relative to toil acquisitions, we were always planning on running this activity level, and we weren't planning on changing our activities with the Tug Hill transaction that was probably going to be something that would be incorporated in '24. So we're executing sort of as we planned, and we'll adjust when that deal gets closed.
Toby Rice: Yes. When you look at the sensitivity that you got to look at is what percentage of services we have locked in and what exposure do we have to the spot market. Looking at the big picture items from rigs and frac crews, those are locked in. We have about 100 frac days that would show up in the back half of this year that we're looking to procure. So there's a little bit of exposure there to spot, but we're planning for it -- and we've got some time to see how the market shakes out before that. On steel, which is another big item for us, we're pretty good from a procurement perspective through the first half of this year. And we think that the steel markets hopefully are showing some signs of loosening there on price. So I feel like we're positioned there to procure the rest and hopefully, a better service price environment for steel. And then as far as sand and water is concerned, those are largely locked in and feel good. One thing I'd say about sand, that's important to note because that's something that has really been backers in other parts of the country. Appalachia, the large part of the sand that we procure is not is it a different market than what people are seeing in basin sand in the Permian. A lot of the sand that we're getting is coming from Wisconsin, Northern White. So it's a little bit it's not -- hasn't been as exposed as much service price inflation as other places in the country. So that's sort of how we see the service cost sensitivities and feel like we're in a good position and can be flexible and hopefully take advantage of a better service cost environment in the second half of this year.
Toby Rice: Yes. I think there's a couple of things that are happening from an activity level, as these mature basins -- or the shale plays continue to mature, the amount of activity levels will lower over time that should have an impact on lowering service costs. But also the other thing that's taking place is the breakevens in the United States is rising as operators are moving to Tier 2 geology and both in geography and also in the zones that they're completing. That will have the impact of increasing the marginal breakeven price of gas. That will help solidify price. The other thing I'd say is, as far as duration is concerned, I mean the one thing that we're seeing is the call for cheap reliable clean energy. And if we learned one thing in 2022, looking what happened in Ukraine and Russia, the lesson learned there is energy security matters. And without energy security, you cannot transition. Europe has gone backwards on their emissions targets because of the lack of energy security. And the most important takeaway from all of this is where did Europe turn for energy security. They turn to natural gas. And so we think that the call for this product is only going to strengthen over time because natural gas is the key to providing energy security to Americans in the world.
Toby Rice: Yes. So I mean, the key thing with Tug Hill and the reason why those assets had such a low breakeven cost, was really due to the fact that they own their midstream and also the liquids percentage of their program that they're running there. So yes, they're going to be pay with inflation like every other operator and we'll recast what that looks like from a CapEx perspective. The one thing I'd say is these are pretty high-quality assets. So the activity levels needed to maintain production will mitigate some of the service cost inflation effects. But hopefully, by the time we take over, we've seen a little bit more balance come from service costs.
Toby Rice: Yes. So the type curve revisions resulted in an increase of about 350 Bcf and that's sort of what we're referring to when we said performance revisions. So we have seen an increase to performance didn't bake in anything on the science work that we're doing. It's just too early to factor that in.
Toby Rice: Yes. And I hope that investors look at this with a theme that you're starting to see around this industry where well performance is sort of degrading across industry to be assured to see that high-quality assets are translating to dependable performance, and you're seeing positive improvements in the well results that we're putting out, I think, is -- should be very reassuring for investors.
Toby Rice: Yes. So rigs were good through the end of the year with the frac crews, 2 out of the 3 frac crews or -- sorry, we have 2 out of 3 factories locked up. We've got a frac crew that will be joining sort of middle part of this year that we're currently under negotiations for right now. So I'd say probably that's the biggest big resource we have that we're working on. And as I mentioned, steel is the other big factor, which we'll cover through the first half of this year, and we'll continue to work through that. pressure for the second half.
Toby Rice: Yes. I mean, our schedule is designed to develop the best rate of returns sooner. So that mix is sort of set. And what you see here for this year is probably going to continue into the future. So that's sort of how we have our schedule laid out. And also the surface impacts and where we can do combos, longer lateral lengths, more wells per combo is another factor that could move to factor into the schedule.
Toby Rice: Thanks, everybody, for your time today. Certainly, a lot of volatility in these environments. I think it's a really good time for people to look at the differentiation that exists within the energy space. And I think the work that we've done at EQT really is showing up here, even in a downside scenario, we built a business that still is going to generate double-digit free cash flow yields. And with our low cost structure, we'll be able to and look to a very promising future for natural gas and EQT. So we'll continue to work and our employees here at EQT are going to be really focused on delivering peak performance in 2023. So thanks for your time.
David Khani: Yes. And I'd just add to that as we hit our debt targets, you could see the percentage of our free cash flow increasing towards equity time.
David Khani: Yes. So gas volatility has tripled since early 2021. And so we think that's going to continue. And so our hedging strategy -- our Edge 2.0 strategy really encapsulates that volatility. So everybody has to remember, volatility moves in both directions. And so that's why we put our kind of the risk-adjusted upside in the way we structure our hedges with white collars. As far as gas right now, gas is right now oversupplied, and we kind of anticipated that and why we put as much of a hedge in place and got a little more aggressive mid-year we obviously see the higher cost producers starting to cut back on activity. It's going to take a little while to get there. You're also seeing coal burn coming down and absorbing some of this as well. We'll see some industrial demand pick back up as the chemical industry destocking and that will start to pick up and absorb some of the ethane that's in the system as well as well as increasing some of the power demand as well. So it's going to probably set the stage where it's going to take some time to get through this year to get to that balanced market. But I think if we anticipate producers reacting the way we do, we should get to kind of a more balanced market and set the stage for a better 2024.
David Khani: Well, yes. So the purchase price was set at midyear last year. And so any change in free cash flow effectively will lower the price each month that will -- that this takes to close. So if they change -- if they decide to change activity and the response to this marketplace, then whatever impacts to free cash flow that will benefit to us. But we don't know that they're changing activity. We do know that they did add hedges at $5 on half of their gas production to lock in that a good portion of the free cash flow. So -- and our expectation right now is that this will close midyear.
David Khani: Correct, yes, we're just trying to show that we and a much lower gas price before we don't generate free cash flow.
David Khani: Well, so I think in the first 6 months of last -- so last year, we basically believe it was probably generate about $300 million to $350 million of excess free cash flow that would lower the purchase price. Roughly half of it goes to cash. Half of it goes to reducing the share count. And so with their hedges, if you thought the free cash flow still trends along that same pace, you might have, we'll call somewhere in that same vicinity in the second half of the year. So you could -- maybe you talk about 600 plus of purchase price adjustments that will help lower that purchase price. So the hedges will just solidify that.
David Khani: Yes. And then even incorporate -- if you look at our long-term breakevens that we give you, that does incorporate some inflation embedded in there. So that does -- and then as far as the midstream projects are concerned, some of those projects we were working on together were this M&A and some of those projects will absolutely continue through. As far as the rest, I think we'd have to wait and see until this closes to get an update from Tod on that.
David Khani: I mean you have basically an oversupplied market heading into ‘23 in and I'll call very modest oversupply in '24. And then you've literally had Freeport and weather not show up, knocking the front end of the curve down and caused the modest oversupply increase. And so it's basically sending a signal to the producers start to cut production because pricing is forcing your activity off-line. So and it's also going to send demand up. And so it's going to create a reaction to try to get to that balanced market, which you're going to see from a combination of supply coming off or supply growth slowing, which will probably end up being about B a day of impact. You'll also see about an incremental B plus of demand being forced back into the system between power from coal going away in the stack and then also industrial demand coming online. So those will be the things that will balance the market and if it doesn't happen sooner, it will happen, it will take longer. That means that the rest of the '23 curve will come down some, and that will cause quicker reaction, the later action. So it will get there, and that's what the pricing signal always does.
David Khani: Yes. You need to have more historical information for Netherlands tool to be comfortable with us booking any uplift in type person. That's probably more of a, we'll call it, '24 and beyond kind of benefit.
David Khani: Sure. So right now, we're dealing with extra G&A tied to the FTC and it will pull an unclosed process. So if we were to effectively close by midyear, I would say probably the last of what we would deal with is most likely all hitting at the end of the second quarter. It could some hit in the third quarter. But I would say that's probably your best bet from what we know right now.
David Khani: Yes. So it will be a combination of pricing and duration and thinking about when we spend money and start to produce it's not going to all come out in one quarter. It's going to be over probably a 2-, 3-year period that ad matters from a returns perspective. So we'll look at the forward curve and we'll look at the drop and we'll try to anticipate what we think the impact will be. And so we'll model out. And so it will be a game-time decision. We're not going to make a decision today, but it's going to be price and duration that will drive it.
