Randall L. Crawford: Sure. Christine, this is Randy. The majority of the activities are selling our own gas into the -- primarily into the TETCO M3 markets and to this -- but we also have had some capacity releases on our Tennessee's 300 Line as well. But primarily, we enter into those capacity contracts to ensure flow and sharing some diversity at market and pricing. And so that is primarily there that we see the higher prices that we did this winter.
Randall L. Crawford: It certainly does access the Huron gas, but we also have the ability to deliver our Marcellus through other interconnections that we have with other capacity. So we can utilize it in both aspects as well as some of our Tioga gas.
Randall L. Crawford: Yes. Sure, Christine. We're looking at -- your point on REX is a good one. But look, producers are looking for diversity of markets, right, including the Midwest. And we'll connect to a variety of pipes along the way, but certainly there's the ANR pipeline, the Panhandle, such -- Tennessee along the route are pipelines that I think producers are looking forward to access both the Midwest markets as well as the Gulf Coast.
Randall L. Crawford: Sure. I think what we're looking for, as David had said, to go further west, really to hit those liquidity points that will give the producers access to go in either direction, quite frankly. When you connect with some of other additional pipelines, you can go north as well as you can -- those pipes are working our projects to turn around and to go into the Gulf Coast as well.
Randall L. Crawford: We'll certainly look at that. Our overarching driver is to diversify our market and to realize -- to get to the best markets. And certainly, as part of a diverse portfolio, we consider that certainly.
Randall L. Crawford: Neal, this is Randy. I'll answer that. Obviously, you've seen the price in propane has remained reasonably strong and it will be exports, at the same time till the export project is announced. And so, we are looking into -- at numerous ways to take advantage of that and to get that propane to the best market.
Randall L. Crawford: Yes. Scott, this is Randy. Certainly, that's our forecast. We have -- we, certainly, throughout the year, take different positions on hedging our basis. But obviously, there's a lot of volatility in the basis going forward. And as you get forward into the year, into the winter, the prices do improve. And so, again, I think that the key driver for us is that with our diverse portfolio, be ready to access all of these different markets and continue to provide EQT with very good pricing. And we'll still -- and we're going to continue to utilize our commercial and midstream capabilities to make the best of whatever situation exists, whether -- you saw the effect of what happened in the cold winter. But that's quite possible, as you get into the shoulder months, in the summer, that the focus will be on mitigating any negative effects that we get from basis. So it's not just the basis numbers, it's utilizing the commercial and the midstream capabilities, they get the best realized price for their corporation.
Randall L. Crawford: Worse than that. I don't know that we have a -- I don't think we have -- if I knew what the weather and such was going to be like I could predict. I would say that the commercial team is doing an excellent job. They do a great job maximizing the value for EQT. And I think we'll continue to do that.
Randall L. Crawford: This is Randy. As you probably know, I mean a lot of northeast storage is reservoir storage. And so, there are certain -- from a utilities perspective, a certain amount of injection daily that's required. But certainly, the filling of that storage, it will be challenged throughout the year at the low level. So physically and contractually, there are some limitations.
Randall L. Crawford: Yes. Michael, Randy again. Yes, they're both. Certainly, the weather had an impact but these capacity constraints and the optionality that EQT holds and just continue to hold upstream firm capacity contracts, certainly provide us the optionality to improve pricing.
Randall L. Crawford: I'll take your first part. David mentioned in his comments, we have a 2014 capacity that comes on in November of this year. That capacity allows us to move gas both to the Northeast syndicate market as well as to the Gulf coast. So that, again, will have an impact in 2015 on our realized prices and the optionality. And your other question was really I guess about the growth in production and that of -- exceeding local markets. Certainly, again, that's why we go forward with our continuing in our capacity and access a variety of markets. And over time, it will. We'll get to a point where there will be more -- enough infrastructure to take the gas to the market.
David L. Porges: I think the producers are really focused more on that than the fact that it might or might not parallel.
David L. Porges: They're interested in getting to other markets. You pick up more interconnects as you move further west into Ohio.
David L. Porges: It's actually through the alternatives. We wouldn't be going to Michigan in this size. This is a size that [indiscernible].
David L. Porges: But we have no special insight into what M2 is going to be, what M3 is going to be or NYMEX is going to be. We just based on what we see in the market. It's a kind of joke internally, if you know where those things are going, you should quit and go into business as a proprietary trader. But we don't. We have to deal with the markets as we see them, and try to build as much optionality, both financially and operationally, into our business as we can.
David L. Porges: But we -- look, we are particularly focused as a company on multi-well pads, often several wells on a pad, and a lot of stages per well. So that's probably a reason that we could show a little bit lumpier results than some of the peer group. There can be hundreds of stages at one pad.
David L. Porges: Look it's easier to make a lot of money on it, frankly, when there's a lot of demand. I mean I just would be straightforward as possible. And this only isn't -- kind of getting, again some of the operational issues. A thing that I'm maybe not sure we related as an anecdote. There was a circumstance where some of our commercial folks saw an opportunity move gas in a different direction, but it wound up that we have to utilize our compressor station that actually hadn't been run for a while. So the operations folks in midstream went out and restarted the compressor station and flowed gas to take advantage of that opportunity. And we will continue to try and leverage our various capabilities to be able to do that. And it's just a lot easier to do it when we do have high demand.
David L. Porges: As long as we do have the assets in place. I think what you'll see going forward is that we're going to continue to focus on an asset strategy that allows us to have more optionality going forward.
David L. Porges: But that will be a new steady-state, so we're not particularly worried, over time, about the basis going out in a negative way here. But it is going to wind up reflecting the cost of those reversals, et cetera.
David L. Porges: So yes, we look forward and we see that our region of the country is going to be a net exporter to other regions of the country. And that's going to get reflected in basis. But that basis within -- over the next, I don't know, 3, 4 years, that starts collecting. So that [indiscernible] that matches what the cost is of moving the gas.
David L. Porges: It depends on where you're going. You can see examples of the tariffs on the new pipeline projects as they come on. That's fair [ph].
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Christine, this is Steve. I think the decision was driven by the fact that the first wells that we drilled were not where they needed to be to have a viable economic play there. We have some very specific completion design changes we're going to implement. And we just thought it prudent to execute those changes, get the data, evaluate the data. And do expect that, since we're doing it in 2 phases, we'll make some changes based on the first phase and then collect the data from the second before we commit a lot of capital dollars into another drilling program. So we think 5 wells, we'll learn a lot from those 5 wells, and we just want to be prudent with the capital investments we're making.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Neal, I think, as you know, our practice is to gather data, analyze it before we update our type curves. I think for now, those are our best estimates. I guess the only color I can provide is we've, more recently, been doing more drilling in the Southern Allegheny portion of our acreage. And those wells, they're still pretty early in their lives. So it's too early for us to incorporate them into a new type curve. But I will tell you that they are -- the results have been a little bit better than we expected. So I think there's reason to be optimistic in that area. But it's very early, the wells are just coming online, so we need to see how they hold up before we decide to make any changes either way.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: That certainly was a portion of it since some of the new wells were in that -- in the last quarter, in the previous quarter, in that Southern Allegheny area. But I think overall, it's just continued good performance in the wells. They seem -- they're holding up very well. So Southern Allegheny was a contributor to that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: It will continue to be lumpy, just as it has in the past. It is driven primarily by drilling and frac-ing timing, not so much by infrastructure timing, although that occasionally had some small impacts. It's more with the larger, multi-well pads, large number of wells tend to come on in chunks. So we didn't have a lot of new wells come online in the first quarter. That means in the next couple of quarters, we're likely to be a little bit above the run rate. So it has been chunky, and I think it's going to continue to be chunky just from the nature of our drilling completion practices.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Well, I think you just have to keep in mind that turning wells online in a quarter is very dependent -- the volume impact of that is dependent on when in the quarter that happens. So you can have a lot of wells come on late in the second quarter and not have much impact in the second quarter. So just -- you do have to be mindful of that. But I think our backlog does indicate that over the next couple of quarters, we will have quite a few wells coming online.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: This is Steve. That's a topic that we're not ready to talk about. If it works, we want the techniques to remain proprietary for a while.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Andrew, this is Steve. We're certainly monitoring the results from our competitors in the dry gas Utica. And certainly, as it seems to be moving further east toward where we have larger holdings. That said, we're currently updating our geologic review of the play, which we did a couple of years ago. And right now, all I can say is we're updating our assessment of the play and hope to be able to report a little more detail later in the year. But for now, we're monitoring what's going on and taking a closer look at the geology and how our assets sit on top of that.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: It's certainly higher pressure. It's clearly very widespread from a geologic standpoint. I think the producibility of the reservoir in certain areas is still an unknown. I think one of the biggest challenges for us that we're looking hard at is the depth. So from a cost standpoint, the wells are going to be expensive. Where most of our acreage is, the minimum depth we'd be looking at is 10,000 feet, all the way up to north of 13,000, perhaps even closer to 14,000 feet in some areas. So that's a cost challenge as well as a completions challenge. So we have questions that we need to dig into concerning what will it take to stimulate this reservoir, particularly at the 12,000-foot depth, at the pressures we'd be looking at. Can we effectively pump the rates we think we would want? What kind of equipment would it take? What kind of wellbore design would it take? And therefore, what would be the cost and the economics? So we're looking into all of those aspects. But clearly, the challenges get a little more difficult as you move further to the east and deeper into the basin.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: It's a huge play, so I don't think you can make blanket statements. I think, clearly, there are areas where it's not overcooked. But as you approach the deeper areas of the basin, it's certainly possible that it is. So that's why I say the producibility is an unknown, especially as you get further to the east.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Joe, I'll tell you, we'll never be set on our completion techniques. That will be a constantly evolving practice for us and for, probably, our competitors. I don't know that -- we're trying to know an unknowable when it comes to stimulating these reservoirs. We'll never know all we would like to know to have the perfect design. So you should expect we will always be [indiscernible].
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: I'd rather not talk about specifics. More recently, the changes from the Marcellus in our core areas where most of our drilling has been, had been focused on small changes around sanitizing, pump rates, stage sizing, those types of things, the normal things that completions engineers will be looking at. In Central PA, where we have -- there's a test program going on. That's -- we're a little early in our understanding of that rock, particularly around how we design our completions around faulting and there's more faulting there. So those are the sort of aspects of the design that we're focused on up there, more than in a quieter, in core parts of the play for us. But that's about as specific as I'd like to be.
Steven T. Schlotterbeck: Yes, it's great. Actually, I think we drilled 8 wells and 3 are online. The results are certainly not where we'd like them to be and not competitive with our other investments. So if we can't make improvements, it's not a play we put any more capital into. However, based on those results and the data we collected during those completions, we saw some very specific things that we want to address in the next stage, which will be 3 wells, and we're currently implementing right now. So we're going to finish frac-ing those wells, get them online midyear, get some results back, gather some more data. Based on that, we have 2 more wells that have been drilled that we will likely modify the completion design again. Frac those, get the results. That will be late in the year. And then based on all that of data, we'll start to make some decisions about do we move forward in this play, or do we not move forward? and we'll update you at that time on what we think. That's a year from now, probably.
