Philip Conti: Thanks, Pat. As you read in the press release this morning, EQT announced first quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.08, which represents a 20% decrease from adjusted EPS in the first quarter 2014. Adjusted operating cash flow attributable to EQT also decreased by about 16% to $386 million for the quarter. We had another very solid operational quarter, including record produced natural gas sales and record gathering volumes at Midstream. A high level story for the first quarter was strong volume growth more than offset by lower realized prices. Our pricing was significantly below last year. Our average differential was better than expected, offsetting some of the impact of lower prices. This came primarily as a result of moving gas to higher priced Northeast markets in the first quarter 2015. As a reminder, EQT Midstream Partners’ results are consolidated in EQT Corporation’s results, and EQT recorded $47.7 million of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests or $0.31 per diluted share in the first quarter 2015, as compared to $18.7 million or $0.12 per diluted share in the first quarter 2014. This increase also had an impact on the effective tax rate in the quarter, which was around 20%, and they have been lower than some of you expected. That is a function of both the increasing noncontrolling interest portion of EQM, which is not tax affected, as well as Production income, which is tax affected being a smaller piece of the overall pie versus last year as a result of lower commodity prices. Other than that, the first quarter was very straightforward and I will keep my remarks fairly brief. The story in the quarter at EQT Production continues to be growth in sales of produced natural gas. Production sales growth in the recently completed quarter was 37% higher than the first quarter of 2014. NGL volumes were also higher, 71% higher than last year, accounting for 9% of our total volumes. However, as I mentioned, the lower average realized price more than offset the volume growth. The realized price at EQT Production was $2.77 per Mcf equivalent compared to $4.50 per Mcf equivalent last year. And you will find the detailed components of the price differences in the tables in this morning’s press release. Total operating expenses at EQT Production were $316.4 million or $81.2 million higher quarter-over-quarter. In March, we decided to suspend drilling in the Permian Basin as projected economics continued to deteriorate. There are several expenses in the first quarter related to that decision as well as to the lower commodity prices in general. In SG&A, we recognized $11 million of expenses related to discontinued drilling, including rig termination costs, a write-down of some well casing inventory and operating well impairments. Exploration expense was also higher and includes $11 million of non-cash lease impairments. Shifting back to operating results, higher DD&A expense accounted for $40 million of the increase in total operating expenses and was driven by volume growth, but partially offset by a lower average depletion rate in 2015. Transportation and processing expenses were $15 million higher than last year and you should note that these expenses were previously presented as revenue deductions in EQT Production’s results. And as you would expect, reported EQT Production revenues are higher as well to reflect that new presentation. LOE, including production taxes, was essentially flat compared to last year. Moving on to the Midstream business, operating income here was up 56%. This is consistent with the growth of gathered volumes and increased capacity-based transmission revenue. Gathering net operating revenues increased by 44% to $129 million, as gathering volumes increased by about 47%. Transmission net revenues increased by $20 million or 38% as additional firm capacity was added over the past year, mostly in the second quarter 2014. Storage, marketing and other net operating revenues were down slightly about $1.4 million lower in the first quarter. Total operating expenses at Midstream were $11 million higher quarter-over-quarter as a result of continuing growth in our Midstream business. On a per-unit basis, however, gathering and compression expense was down 31% as a result of volumes growing much faster than expected. Just a brief note on liquidity, EQT currently has $1.6 billion of cash on hand, not including EQM, and full availability under EQT’s $1.5 billion credit facility. So we remain in a great liquidity position to accomplish our goals for the foreseeable future. Our current estimate of 2015 EQT operating cash flow adjusted to exclude the noncontrolling interest portion of EQM’s cash flow is $900 million. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve Schlotterbeck.
Philip Conti: So whenever we show there is IRRs, we are using the local price. So it’s not really taking an assumption of a differential. It’s the local price. So if you’re looking at $2.50 local price, that could be $3.59 minus $1 dollar diff, or $3 and then with minus $0.50. Operator Our next question is from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley.
Philip Conti: It’s not dry hole expense, it’s some lease impairments in the Permian that Steve talked about. A small amount of it is also related to the lease impairment in Ohio Utica.
Philip Conti: Some of it’s just the natural growth in the Production business, but we laid out several expenses and I mentioned in my comments that were, I guess, you’d call unusual, and we’ve adjusted them out in some of the tables in the release this morning. It was about $13 million of expenses like that related to the rig release in the Permian Basin. We did take a further impairment on Ohio Utica value and then there were some casing that we won’t be able to use. That was in casing and we wrote down as well. So things like that. And that totaled to about $13 million in the SG&A line.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Thank you, Phil. As you read in today’s press release, we are lowering our 2015 CapEx forecast by $150 million to reflect the midpoint of our negotiated service cost reductions that we published in our March analyst presentation. Based on these reduced service costs, we expect our average cost per well to be between 10% and 15% less than last year. If weak commodity prices persist, we believe there could be more opportunities to cut costs, but for now, we think 10% to 15% is a reasonable expectation. Also in response to weak oil prices, we’ve decided to suspend drilling in the Permian Basin which was already reduced to drilling the minimum number of wells to hold certain leases. As a result, we will lose our development rights to approximately 700 Upper Wolfcamp acres. It’s always a tough decision to let leases expire, but we think in this environment, that’s a prudent economic decision. Moving on to our dry gas Utica well, as you know, we spud this Greene County well in November. During the drilling of the curve, we encountered higher than expected reservoir pressures, and based on the pressures observed, we needed to significantly increase our mud weight, which required a larger rig. We deployed the larger rig in March and completed the drilling of the well with a final lateral length of 3,300 feet. We’re currently running some reservoir tests and expect to begin fracing in early June. Despite this timing setback, we continue to be excited and optimistic about the dry gas Utica potential beneath our acreage. Upon completion of the Greene County well, we plan to drill a deep Utica well in Wetzel County, West Virginia later this year. Since we still do not have any results from our first well, we will not speculate about those results, but we will provide you with updates as we learn more. I’d now turn the call over to Dave Porges for his comments.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think it’s just more of the same, Neal. Production continues to increase at a much faster pace than the costs required to maintain that production. So I don’t think there’s anything in particular I would point to other than just continue trying to manage our water costs as best we can. That’s probably the one area that we focus a lot of attention on and it’s a pretty high cost area relative to the others and is an area that’s continuing to prove how we handle our water will help us continue to keep our unit costs in line.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think our view there, Neal, is this year will certainly be a year of testing the Utica. So we’ve drilled our first well. The second well will be in Wetzel County. We could potentially drill up to four additional wells this year depending on timing and what we see. But regardless, this year we’ll be testing. I think a good bit of next year we’ll still be gathering data before we’ll be in a position to even make a decision about reallocating capital between Marcellus and Utica. And I think the driver there will be, regardless of the IPs, which clearly our peers have had some pretty impressive IPs, we’re certainly hopeful we will as well, we need to define what the type curve, the decline curve looks like to really understand the economics. And I think our view is it’ll be a minimum of a year’s worth of actual production data before we’ll have enough comfort to shift any significant amount of capital away from Marcellus into Utica, assuming that indications are that the economics are similar or hopefully better.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think the – because the biggest line item in our drilling costs is pumping services, that’s what really drives that number more than anything. I would say a few of our contracts have been backdated a little bit, but for the most part, most of them have been pulling forward from the time we negotiated the lower costs, so most of that is prospective. The one line item I will comment on in the opposite direction is our rig cost, our day rates. Most of our rigs are under longer term contracts that don’t expire this year. So we have relatively little leverage in that area. So our lack of leverage is reflected in that 10% to 15% estimate. If soft prices continue into next year and the year after, we’ll be in a position to benefit from lower rig costs, but for now, we’re not. I think our plan right now regarding redeployment of that capital is to keep it on the balance sheet. We think in this low-price environment and the growth rates we’re expecting, we’re in a pretty good spot and don’t feel compelled just because we’ll have some extra money to run out and spend it just because we have it. So for now, it’ll stay on the balance sheet and we’ll revisit that periodically as commodity prices move.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I think for the most part, it’s just driven by – we have one quarter under our belt, so the range of possible outcomes narrows with the first quarter being ahead of our original guidance. So I think that should be expected to be reflected in raising the lower end of guidance up. So that’s what we did. I think well performance continues to improve. So there’s a little bit of that. But it’s mostly just around certainty having been a quarter of the year in the bag.
Steven Schlotterbeck: I don’t know that we have a particular view on that. But when you’re looking at percentages also you do need to be a bit careful to make sure that you’re looking at NGLs the same way. I mean, as you know, generally speaking, when we’re thinking NGLs, we are thinking C3s and above is what we’re actually selling, right? The rest of the ethane, generally speaking, you should assume is being sold as methane. And there are some folks who are selling ethane as ethane. They would obviously have a lower percentage if they’re making the calculation that way. That said I’m not sure that we have a particular forecast, any great insight into what is going on in the NGL market any more than anybody else would have.
Steven Schlotterbeck: The lateral length was 3,300 feet. And I think our expectation is while we did have a lot of challenges, I don’t think it changes our long-term view of the cost other than maybe a little bit on the mud side. So the mud cost will probably be a bit more expensive since we had to use heavier mud than we would have originally thought. I think everything else, over time, there will be a learning curve. It’ll take us probably several wells to get the costs in line with where we think they’ll be long term. Maybe the one additional color I’ll add that maybe is on the positive side, although right now it’s a theory, not practice, is on the proppant where – for our first couple of wells we’re going to use ceramic proppant, which is quite a bit more expensive than sand. It looks like it’s going to run about $100,000 per stage or $2.5 million for a typical well to use ceramic versus sand. Our reservoir engineering at this point is suggesting that it might be possible to use sand in these wells. So that’ll be something we’re testing, probably not in these first two wells, but in subsequent wells. So that’s some positive news from our end in terms of what the long-term development costs for deep Utica will be on our acreage.
Steven Schlotterbeck: We had planned anywhere from 3,000 to 4,500. So our internal discussions were we need 3,000 to get the reservoir test we really want, which is the purpose of this well, we’ll go as far as 4,500. We had room to, but really the guidance to the drilling team was get 3,000, and at that point any hint of a problem and we’re going to call it and TD the well and move on, because really the whole goal of this well is to test the reservoir and we can do that with a 3,300-foot lateral.
Steven Schlotterbeck: It was. We had a lot of difficulties on this well and the costs were pretty high. And when we got to 3,300 feet, there were some indications that more problems could be developing. And we just didn’t want to take – once we had the 3,000 feet, we didn’t see any reason to take any additional risk, put the well bore at risk where we might not even be able to complete it, so that’s when we called it at 3,300.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Well, our original one, yes. If you look in our investor presentation, we have a pretty wide range of $12 million to $17 million. The $12 million is closer to what we would hope long-term we could do if we can use sand. And the $17 million is sort of a worst-case scenario with ceramics and accounting for other unknowns. But yes, we did have the $2.5 million in our original thoughts.
Steven Schlotterbeck: Typically those contracts were three or four-year contracts. Most of those are one or two years in. I think we have one or two in 2016 that will come up, so those would be the first – that’s the first opportunity we really have to lower those costs.
David Porges: Thank you, Steve. Given the straightforward results for the quarter, I will limit my prepared remarks to an update on two previously announced projects. Let’s cover the Master Limited Partnership first, the new one. As we discussed in February, we decided to take public a new vehicle that will own all of EQT’s interests in EQT Midstream Partners or EQM. This means the new vehicle, whose New York Stock Exchange symbol is expected to be EQGP, will own EQT’s general partner or GP interest, including the incentive distribution rights, and it will also own the 22 million EQM limited partner units owned by EQT. On February 12, we filed the initial draft S-1 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We received comments from the SEC on the draft and incorporated them into a revised S-1, which was filed on April 1. This is an iterative process of review by the SEC and response by us so we cannot accurately predict the timing of a final S-1, but we reiterate our hope to be ready for an initial public offering of EQGP by about midyear. Now for an update on the Mountain Valley Pipeline or MVP, in the first quarter, MVP announced the addition of WGL Holdings and Vega Energy Partners, a WGL subsidiary, to the joint venture. As we have previously discussed, this project will be built and operated by EQT Midstream Partners. EQM’s ownership interest in the JV is 55%. NextERA owns 35% and WGL and its subsidiaries own 10%. In addition to their ownership stake, WGL will be a shipper on the pipeline and has also agreed to purchase 500 million cubic feet per day of natural gas priced at Transco station 165. We believe this further validates the demand market’s desire to access the abundant Marcellus and Utica supply resource. EQT shareholders will benefit in two ways from this project. First, it will provide EQT Production access to one of the fastest-growing gas consumption markets in the United States. And second, it will provide cash flow growth at the MLP, which adds to the value of our GP and LP interests. In conclusion, EQT is committed to increasing the value of our vast resource by intelligently accelerating the monetization of our reserves and other opportunities. We have a very strong balance sheet which will allow us to continue to be focused on doing what we can to increase the value of your shares. We look forward to continuing to execute on our commitment to our shareholders and appreciate your continued support. With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Pat Kane again.
David Porges: I don’t think I would characterize our perspective as being more interested in an acquisition because of our financial situation. We’re executing the transactions we are with the Midstream because we think it’s the best way to create value. It’s the money, as I’ve said multiple times, is not burning a hole in our pocket. With that said, we do recognize that this could be an opportunity to acquire, and I’d say really in core areas would be the priority if the opportunities presented themselves at values that recognize the depressed commodity price environment. So I think I kind of answered your second question too, which is...
David Porges: That’s hard to say. We just really look at the economics. Actually, I would say the one benefit we get though of having the cash on the balance sheet is, unlike what we, infer is the case of the number of our peers, we will obviously have the financial flexibility to revise our programs upward if the economics improve as opposed to if you live in hand to mouth experience where you have to wait until the money starts rolling in. In our case, the money is already there. So really it is just the judgment about the prospective economics. But we really haven’t come up with new sense of a magic price at which we would revise upward. It’s just something that we really look at pretty frequently.
David Porges: Pat’s already looking to find the right page in the right presentation. And I probably want to refer you to that because we don’t – as you know, I think, we don’t just look at it as core acreage. We tend to differentiate between Southwestern PA versus Northern West Virginia wet, Northern West Virginia dry, et cetera. Those are the categories we use. Pat, I’m happy for you to [indiscernible].
