David Campbell: Thank you, Curt. As shown on slide 12, Vistra delivered another strong quarter, with adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations of $929 million, which was $212 million higher than the same period in 2019. Our retail segment increased by $108 million period-over-period and our generation segments were up a collective $104 million. The positive year-over-year variance for our ongoing operations was driven by the acquisitions of Crius and Ambit and favorability in our ERCOT and PJM segments, reflecting our operations performance improvement initiatives and commercial optimization contributing to higher energy margin. As a reminder, due to the retirement of four coal plants in our MISO segment in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the associated movement of the financial results of those plants into the Asset Closure segment, our 2019 results have been recast, increasing ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA by $9 million in the first quarter of 2019 and $10 million in the second quarter of 2019. Year-to-date, Vistra's ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA is $1.779 billion or $238 million higher than our comparable 2019 results. The favorability is driven by the acquisitions of Crius and Ambit as well as higher energy margins in our ERCOT and PJM segments. In both the second quarter and the first half of the year, Vistra's financial results are coming in ahead of management expectations. As a result, Vistra is currently tracking toward the upper half of its guidance range. Turning now to slide 13. Vistra remains committed to reducing our leverage in 2020 as we approach our long-term leverage target of 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA. As of July 31, we have paid down nearly $750 million of debt in 2020, including the redemption of the entire $500 million principal amount of our 5.875% senior unsecured notes due 2023 as well as redemption of the entire $166 million principal amount of our 8.125% senior unsecured notes due 2026. Last week, we also announced that our Board of Directors approved our third quarter dividend of $0.135 or $0.54 per share on an annual basis, which represents an 8% increase from the annual dividend we paid in 2019. We plan to provide details regarding our long-term capital allocation plan at our virtual investor event on September 29. You can expect that our plan for 2021 and beyond will remain aligned with our core tenets of maintaining a strong balance sheet, being opportunistic and disciplined with respect to growth investments, investing in retail and renewable growth opportunities only when our internal return thresholds are met and, in aggregate, returning most of the cash available for allocation to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As part of our virtual investor event in September, we plan to provide details regarding a 2-year share repurchase program as well as a multiyear dividend announcement. A high-level agenda of planned topics for the event can be found on slide 14. We also expect to update our 2020 guidance, introduce preliminary 2021 guidance and describe our plans to further transform our generation portfolio between now and 2030. On the portfolio side, we plan to provide additional details regarding our expected reduction in coal exposure over the next decade as well as details about our current growth pipeline. It should be an exciting event, and we hope you'll be able to join us. In closing, Vistra's strong financial performance through the first half of 2020, in the midst of a global pandemic, continues to support what we believe is our attractive value proposition, which is our ability to deliver consistent financial results with a high conversion of EBITDA to cash flow as well as capture value through high-return investments and acquisitions. Our low-debt, low-cost integrated model can and does deliver. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
David Campbell: Yes. So the conversations with the agencies continue to go well. The with S&P, they've indicated and right now they've got us some positive outlook for getting the BB+. And they've indicated that, that review will happen as early as the third quarter. That's possible they'll wait for the third quarter results. We expect that, that review will happen as early as the third quarter of this year. And they haven't put a fixed time line out for consideration to investment grade, but that often can take a year or so afterwards. Moody's is on a faster trajectory. They and their when they upgraded us to the equivalent of BB+, indicated that they would consider an upgrade as early as the middle part of 2021. So obviously, we don't control the time line. We expect it's going to be next year, middle or latter part of next year. But the key thing is that I think the agencies have both recognized and affirmed that the strength of our company through the pandemic and through the financial crisis is something related, crisis related to the pandemic is something that they're watching and evaluating and can help to reinforce the resiliency of our business and our business model. And we think this quarter's results and our expectation is that you're willing to reinforce that. So we think we're on a positive trajectory with both the agencies.
David Campbell: Curt, I'd just emphasize where you closed, is that we feel good about how we're tracking, even our commentary. I think you can see, Michael, in the script, reflects our view that we're tracking well. So Q3 is always a big quarter for us, so that's why we typically don't update the range at this time of year, but we're feeling good about how we're tracking. The business has performed well. And it's an unusual year. So that, plus the normal dynamics of Q3 being our biggest quarter, are why we haven't changed the range, but still signaling the strength. Go ahead.
Curt Morgan: Well, look, I think certainly, COVID-19, and we still continue to believe that we may do better on the bad debt expense side. But you just don't know. And like we said in our remarks, I'm a little worried about the additional unemployment and insurance payments coming off at the end of July. We think that's been helpful, people paying their bills. And we want to tread a little bit lightly, you guys know the cases in Texas have exploded. And this is really uncharted waters. So and then that's one of the things that I think could be a place where we might give something back. We haven't played out the whole summer out yet, and we still carry a little bit of length in the summer. And so we'd like to see how that plays out. But I think we were also trying to say in our remarks that we feel pretty good about where we are at this point in time. And so we didn't want to change the ranges. We typically don't do it this early. I think we'll probably talk about that in September. That's even earlier than we normally do. But I think we're going to be in a position to talk about 2020 in the range then in September. I think for us, and you know us well, I think you do, for us to even talk about the fact that we're tracking above the midpoint, I think, tells you that we're feeling good about 2020. But I do want to emphasize, there is still there are still some things out there that we want to keep an eye on for the remainder of the year, but we're feeling good about it. And I don't know, David, if there's anything you want to specifically mention, please jump in.
Curt Morgan: Sorry about that, David. I will mention this, Michael, that I think people I think they now know this about us, but we kind of have a balanced year that we have. So the retail does pretty good and can do pretty well in the shoulder months where the supply cost, because we have a levelized retail price where the supply costs are lower. And then in the summer, we don't make as much money in retail, although we're doing pretty well, obviously, right now. And then in the winter months, in the fall and the winter, we get that lower supply cost again. And so it's important that volumes stay strong for us in the remainder of the year on the retail side. So October can be a big month for us. November and December can be big months on the retail side. And if you get if you had a situation where in Texas, you had an issue with demand because of COVID, that might be a little bit of a drag. We're not seeing that, though. We haven't seen it through up to now, and we've seen, obviously, a lot of cases. And so we're pretty optimistic that we're not going to see it. But also the relief program in ERCOT is coming off at the end of August. And so all those things are going to factor into what's going to happen with our retail business for the remainder of the year. We're optimistic, but we want to keep an eye on it, and we've provisioned for it, too. And when we're telling you where we think we're going to be, we also take into account that we do think that there could be higher bad debt expense than we normally have.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So there are opportunities out there for people like us that have the locations, the capabilities, have the integrated nature of the business. You can see what I'd call attractive returns. And we're going to get more into that. And we'll actually in September, when we go through this, we'll actually show you how that builds up. Because I know what people have in their mind, they have a PPA, sort of what the returns are for some of the developers that are putting these projects out there. And they're wondering, how are you making something that looks attractive? Somebody's getting that value. That value exists given where market prices are clearing in ERCOT. It's who's getting it. And so the developer wants to get paid the development fee, and they need to get financing to get the project to go. So they need a PPA with an investment-grade firm in order to do that. And then somebody, the investment-grade firm, is getting the value. How they choose to monetize that value is up to them. They can sell the PPA to us and we can back-to-back it with a retail deal. They can take it to the market. Many of these guys don't want to take it to the market because there's risk taking it to the market. And if you don't have the capability to do that, then you don't want that risk. And so you're going to offlay that risk. But the value is in the market. And as we move more and more, Michael, to merchant investment, because not everything in Texas or across this country can be built through a PPA structure, when we get to the point where somebody has to put down real dollars per merchant, then the kind of returns that we're looking for and that we see, they're justified. They need to be there in order to justify the risk. And then you have to have the capability. You have to deal with basis risk and market risk and weather risk and all of those things that go into it. We have that ability to do that. We've got a whole infrastructure that knows how to do that. Not everybody knows how to do that. And so but we are seeing the opportunity, and we're one of the in my view, one of the view players that really have the integrated nature and the capabilities to actually monetize and to extract those kind of returns.
Curt Morgan: Yes. David, do you want so Jonathan, to be clear, do you want us to talk about what's going on like in the PJM area, ISO New England, just what's going on with customer counts there as well as ERCOT? I just want to make sure that I got the question right.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So I think we're pretty much where we were. We see we were trying to convey a message that we're kind of flattish to midpoint guidance from 2020, which was, I think it's like three four, three five, we're kind of flattish to lower. We also, I think, if you remember, Jonathan, we said that we had stressed down further than that, and we were within 10% of EBITDA. But that was to give you guys a sense, because we were getting feedback from people that especially we were really in the throes of COVID and it was really new at the time, they wanted to see what a stress case would look like. But I think where we are right now is we're sort of flattish to slightly lower. And that was similar to where we had come out last time. We haven't seen anything yet that would change that view, and we'll probably know more because we'll be through most of the summer and into September. We'll also be able to see where the 2021 curves go as we roll out of the summer and into that fall period that we showed on that graphic where you start to see people turning their attention to the next summer. And that's where you get liquidity, and that's where pricing starts to firm up. Some of that pricing is supported by what happens in the summer, people the prompt summer. People like to look and see, well, was there scarcity or when conditions for scarcity showed up, didn't show up. That kind of thing does affect the market. And so we'll see where the rest of the summer goes. But if we get some high temperatures and low wind, people will be looking to see how the market reacts to that. All that sort of factors into affecting the forward curves. And for us, I think you know this, we would prefer to hedge up most of our long exposure in ERCOT, in particular, as we go into the next year, and then fill in the gaps throughout the initial part of the year and going into the summer. I don't know whether we'll get that opportunity, but we think we will, and that's what we're going to be looking for. And that's when you'll see more of the summer exposure that we have, hedging will occur sort of between now and the balance of the year. And then you'll see us sort of shape it a little bit as we go into next year. But we feel pretty confident we're going to get the opportunity for 2021 summer, which is really our biggest exposure for length. We'll get plenty of opportunities to be able to hedge going into that. And we still feel really good, when we look at our detailed supply/demand fundamental and modeling, we still feel good that we have a pretty tight market. And it's a market that's relying more and more on intermittent resources. In fact, you no longer have a situation in ERCOT where you can supply all the peak load with dispatchable resources like coal and gas and nuclear. So you have to rely on a certain level of renewable resources in order to be a reliable market and to actually meet the demand in the market. And with the volatility and intermittent nature of those resources, the inherent nature of that, you're going to get a few days in a market like ERCOT where you have extremely high temperatures in July and August and September time frame. There are going to be some days where it's going to be tight, and that's where the scarcity comes into play. And with the ORDC standard deviation moving up this year, we ought to see some pretty good pricing. It will be a function of weather, of course, and wind and unit performance. But we're pretty we go into this we're pretty confident that we'll see opportunities.
Curt Morgan: That's a good question. I don't think we're going to do what they did. But I think in September, you'll see that we have a slightly different way that we are going to take a look at our business, that we hope will actually increase transparency and provide more information to you guys. And that will be the goal of what we do. And we'll give you a better sense of the business from a longevity standpoint and our strategic focus. So we do have an idea that we've been working on for some time now, and we would like to roll that out commensurate with the remainder of our longer-term capital allocation plan.
Curt Morgan: Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. And as I stated at the beginning of the call, we do appreciate your interest in Vistra, and we look forward to continuing the conversation. I hope everybody stays healthy and safe through these trying times. Thank you.
