Curtis Morgan: Yes so, I think what we mentioned in the script may not been that prominent, but I think we still view more near term that retail opportunities are the biggest opportunity, I mean you guys can see that the value that we bring and I'd say in our view, probably brings to the table given our capabilities and less in particular, given our long position and we can take out not only just sort of the back office and any other types of costs, but we can manage the commodity price risk exposure better and then there is just inherent in that difference there is a much lower multiple for retail, so we see some real value. I think they're going to be smaller in nature though going forward Shar. I don't think there are many larger, and when I say larger more on the Crius type Ambit size deals out there, but there is other ideas out there that we will likely pursue. I do believe that we will participate at the right point in time in renewables and battery storage. As you know, we have some real opportunities out in California to continue to build out our battery build at both Moss Landing site and our open site. I think we'll probably do some investment in that. We have a good pipeline of opportunities on the development side, not only in Texas, but also in few other states where we have sites from some of our existing assets that will become available. All that is going to be driven heavily by economics. And I think you guys know there is a lot of capital right now flooding into green investments by people who really don't have any business owning a wind project or a solar project, but they want to wave the green flag. And I think that is – the returns that we're seeing on that are pretty low. I do believe that it is sort of like the CCGT build out in the early 2000s that there is going to be opportunities after the fact for us to take a look at it. And so I think when you think about the 10-year period that you mentioned sort of early on it's more of a retail focus. I think it will be more sort of early on, it's more of a retail focus. I think it will be more on an intermediate period of time there is going to be some opportunities around renewables and batteries. And I'd also say that there may be a few little tuck-in opportunities inside of ERCOT on the solar front. We've got - like I said, we've got a pretty big pipeline, got a lot of acreage, and it's some really good acreage, but we have to be very selective around that to some extent that will also be in support of our growing ERCOT retail business now that we've got the Ambit brand in here. So, there may be some opportunity to do a project or two around that. But I think that's really where the growth is going to come from. And I think we're just going to have to be patient and incredibly disciplined. It's going to come, in my view, in a lumpy nature or so despite $100 million a year is probably, I mean it's a great modeling exercise, but it's probably not exactly how it's going to happen.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, so you know, we're going to go and - I think we're going to go in and talk to the agencies because we're updating, obviously we have a 10-year view, but we're also finishing up and taking to our Board in early December our updated long range plan, which is our - it's generally a five-year view and then we need to sit down with the agencies on that. Moody's for example has asked for some of that information because I think they were going to go to committee. I think they're going to talk about not only us, but maybe others in terms of upgrading. We've been on positive watch with them for some time. So, we think that in the next quarter or so, we should be in a pretty good position hopefully with all the agencies, especially with what we're presenting today to potentially get an upgrade to that equivalent of BB+. On the investment grade front, that may be a little lumpier and may - and probably, you know, from that point where we would get upgraded probably a year beyond that and before we get there, I think with Fitch and Moody's, the metrics were pretty well 2.5 times. And with S&P, because of the way they look at certain things, at the 2.5 times we're not necessarily exactly there on the metrics, but with a business rating improvement, which we believe that we're squarely in line to get, that would put us in the investment grade range. So I think what we're really looking at is sort of first quarter, 2020, we're hoping are in that range of getting an upgrade across the agencies to that BB+ range. And then we're looking at a year to maybe a year and a half beyond that to get to investment grade with all three of the agencies. But I think that might be a little lumpy or just given the way the metrics were. So, we're going to keep doing what we're doing because I think the more we execute, the more we continue to perform the way that we say and that this business model becomes more and more apparent to people just how strong it is. And then also, you know, the quality of our assets, the quality of our retail business, you know, that's going to be really helpful with all the agencies, because I think what really, is the bigger hang up is, is this real? Are people that, are they going to be disciplined and does this business model work? And I think, so that's probably a bigger thing if anything, and I think that takes a little bit of time. But we feel like we're in line for this next upgrade in the near future and then we're going to obviously continue to execute and we think we've put ourselves in a good place for investment grade rating.
Curtis Morgan: That is a good question. So one of the things we've been trying to get our arms around, I think you guys know this, but the renewables that have been built in ERCOT, and frankly, pretty much everywhere have been PPA supported. And as the large players have come in and allowed - basically used their balance sheet to do PPA's and that does allow, obviously, to get financing and take lower returns, right? Especially to get investment grade counterparty on the other end. But there is a saturation point where you start getting into smaller companies who don't want to own a wind project or a solar project. And at some point time in ERCOT, given the size of at least that 50-gigawatts of renewables coming into this market, I mean that's more than half of the current nameplate capacity of the market. Someone has to going to end up being merchant. I think the big question in ERCOT, being an all energy market, as you add more intermittent resources and during the periods between when you actually see volatility and high pricing; prices are going to be lower, because you've got intermittent resources with zero marginal cost. And so the question is, is there going to be enough revenue and enough frequency of that revenue to support merchant build? And I don't care what kind of merchant build it is. It can be renewables or it can be combined cycle plants. Now a combined cycle plants are way out of the money. Renewables that we see when you run the numbers, if you can get proper leverage on them, can get these levered returns currently. And I expect that we'll continue to see some cost decline in that. But once you get into the merchant side of things, because no one's really built a merchant solar plant yet in ERCOT, but once you start to do that, and all energy market with a backwardation of the forward curves, as stupid it is, it's tough to get the financing that you need. And then you've got to get someone to come in and put in the equity dollars. And the problem with that if it's just a single asset owner situation, it's going to be a little white knuckle time between when you're actually getting lower, in the off peak periods, lower megawatt an hour pricing, and then you have to wait for a good summer to come in. Someone like us can do it, because we can - we've got a balance sheet and we can basically stand in between cycles. But someone who's a single asset owner with leverage on top of it, it's going to be a real tough day. That's my biggest question is what's going to happen with ERCOT market as you get more zero marginal costs, assets setting price for most of the hours, and you see a much more volatile business, can you get the kind of development that's going to be necessary? Because I don't believe you can build this 50 gigs or so out with all PPA's. I just don't think the market has that kind of depth. So that'll be an interesting thing. My sense of it is, if we don't, there's going to be further changes to the market, whether it's an increase in the ORDC, or even maybe some changes of ancillary services to get more revenues in the market to make sure that there's enough revenues. I mean, I just don't see ERCOT going to a capacity market. And when you think about outside of ERCOT, you do have capacity markets which can get additional revenues. And I think you hear Gordon [ph] and Willie (ph) say that's an ice in New England, because he's worried about the revenue stream from energy because of offshore wind coming in. But he still dispatchable resources, mainly the gas resources in New England. And there's nothing new getting built, because you can't get a gas pipeline up there. So he wants to keep those around. So he knows he's going to have to get revenues stream into the capacity market, because that's the way to basically keep assets around and hopefully, get some new build. So, I mean, that's kind of how we see this playing out. I mean, it's going to be real interesting. Obviously, we have a big seat at the table, so we'll be a part of that discussion. But that's sort of how we see it.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, I think what we try to do Greg – this is a conservative view of the market. We didn't want to come out with something that looked very self-serving. And I just mentioned this, and I'll say it again I'm not sure how this actually plays out. I mean you can model things and we sort of force function some of this new build to happen. Whether that can really happen or not on a merchant basis I have a lot of questions about that, and if that doesn't happen, you're still going to see increased volatility and higher pricing, it's just going to be higher pricing then what we've assumed here. And so I - we don't really know I mean this is a modeling exercise we wanted to be somewhat conservative on it, but there is a lot of leap of faith in this, that at some point when the PPA market grows up, there's only so much depth to that. If somebody is going to have to come in here and build on a merchant basis and that's tough in an all-energy market. And I don't see people like us or NRG or Exelon are others who have the ability to do it on balance sheet, we've all seen what can happen in ERCOT if you overbuild the market. So I just don't see that happening. And then of course we mentioned in the script and I've said this before, there is still 15 plus thousand megawatts of higher heat rate oil and gas and coal units that if we did somehow overbuild, which I just don't see happening would come out of the stack. So that's why we're bullish on this ERCOT market even in what we would consider a very conservative case that we put forward here.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, I mean that's a good question. And that's the balance that we're trying to strike here. Look Greg there is no magic formula here and I think it's our judgment that the equity value of this company does better with a stronger balance sheet than not. And – there is also a credibility and commitment thing and we're not just committing to equity here. We're also committing to people who own our bonds and we're trying to satisfy an entire capital structure here at the end of the day. But I think I watch Calpine do this and I know we're not where they were, but I watched them do a bunch of share buybacks and the market never believed their fundamental story and their stock continue to decline as they bought back shares. And I think that was just the risk premium that the market required because of the concern financial distress of the business and the business model. And so, I said when I first got here that we need to run this thing at a debt level that would put us in line to potentially be investment grade and that's what we're going to do. Look, I understand that when you have debt that's even at 7.5% and you're trading at a free cash flow yield of 15 the math I get I just think that at some point we have to focus on getting our debt down, and I think this is really a one-year issue. And then on the back end of 2020, I think what you'll hear from us, is a discussion about what we're going to do in 2021. And depending on where our stock is trading at that point in time, I would not be shocked that the board would want to do some sort of a strong buyback program, but I think what we are trying to tell you guys right now is that we do believe that following through on our commitment to get in that range of 2.5 times is important for our company. And we did outline it and I think that David said it in his comments. I think there's a lot of reasons why the equity should be supportive of us doing that. But it's a balance in, you can make the argument that you've made here and others, but I think this is sort of what we believe is the right balance right now.
Curtis Morgan: Hi. I think we sort of outlined what we think is sort of the track of this thing. And I wish I had a better sense of timing of it, but we still believe in the generation side of the business. We think it's still fundamentally important. We're not going to a retail only model and a short model. And so I would expect us to put some investment predominantly on the renewable side because that's going to be the workhorse. But the other thing I will say that we haven't said a lot about, but it's also part of this modeling thing was good for us too to understand kind of what's going on. But there could be some small investment in what I refer to as volatility assets where either assets that actually can be around during the peak periods and they're very cheap type assets, now whether that's batteries or whether that's a gas fired peak or something like that we would look at it, but that's small potatoes. I mean, I think the real thing here is that you'll see our company invest in generation in the future as we retire generation. And by the way, that retirement of this generation is going to be needed anyway. Most of these coal plants we're talking about are going on 60 plus years old. They're becoming obsolete and they're not economic. And I think any business that is a capital intensive business, whether it's airlines, or chemicals, or refining or whatever, have to replace, you know, their hardware at some point in time. The question is going to be, what kind of hardware are we going to replace it with? I think it's going to be renewables and more important than that it's going to be when do you do it? And right now I just don't - there's so much money going into this that I think, this was not the place. I think retail is a better place for us to invest at this point in time. And we'll see where the cycle goes. But I think that at some point in time though, there are going to be opportunities for us, whether that's PPAs to come off of the renewables and you know, they become merchant and we have the capability to run them and see more value than somebody else, I really don't know how that's all going to play out, but I do expect us to have a greater share of our business in renewables over the next 10 years. Now whether we could spend that, what roughly $5 billion, we're talking about $500 million a year, over 10 years. I don't know. If we don't, then we're going to return capital to shareholders and that's just the way it's going to be and we still generate a heck of a lot of cash. I think what this thing shows you this 10-year deal, which we think is very conservative then if we don’t put a dime back into the business, we're only losing 2.5% and maybe on every 6.5% of EBITDA, which means we're still generating a boatload of cash. And so this is still a really vibrant business even if you don't reinvest in it. So we don't feel like we have a gun in our head to actually go out and spend money and we're not going to do that. But I think the good news is that our company, if we've got the scale and the capabilities, I think we've proven that we can buy things and we can extract value that others cannot. And I think we're going to get that opportunity around renewables. It's just a question of when.
Curtis Morgan: I think there is something that we will consider and have considered and continue to consider. I mean, absolutely, I think that is an area for our company that we will, and have taken a look there.
Curtis Morgan: Well, I think everything we've done so far, in my own opinion, has been pretty much an opportunistic thing. I mean, I think what we did with the Odessa plant in Texas was a good example of - we had a view of the future and we had somebody that was not a natural owner of that asset that wanted to get out and I think we were opportunistic. And it turned out, obviously, to be a very good acquisition for us. I would say, that was part skill and part luck. Because we know people are going to pay us to take natural gas. But we did have a view that natural gas would be relatively cheap in the Permian, to other hubs. So I think, that's an example of being opportunistic that I think we've been able to do. I think the other thing is, almost day one when we took over for Dynegy we were in discussions with PG&E around the battery project in Moss Landing which, our predecessor owners were not. And I think that was because we had the cash, the balance sheet and maybe the willingness, I don't know, to do something there. But I think we will be opportunistic. That's why I mentioned Praful, that there could be some small asset things that would fit sort of, like I said, fit the profile of being a volatility type asset that we might take a look at, that I think would be opportunistic. Maybe somebody that owns it today doesn't see the same value that we do and I think we'll continue to be that way. And I believe that most of our renewable that I'm talking about this renewable spend is going to be pretty much opportunistic. It's going to be waiting for the right period of time. And I've seen this business for a long time, and there are going to be opportunities around renewables where somebody overpaid, somebody can't make it, and those assets are going to come available. And we'll be around and pretty much all the deal flow comes through us in most of the markets that we're in, and we'll get an opportunity to take a look at it. So I do think that the large portion of what we do and what we will do will be more opportunistic. And I do think operating assets - one thing I like about operating assets, in particular, retail, is they really don't have a lot of impact on credit ratings. So you can do them and that they generate cash immediately. The problem with a development, big development pipeline, is you get that couple year gestation period and that takes a while and it is a drag on you until you actually get some kind of operating cash flows. So I think we do lean a little bit - plus just across the to build something is higher than what the cost to buy something is, except I'm a little worried right now that where the renewable side of things are with the number of players that have decided to enter, at least right now.
Curtis Morgan: That's a good question. So, again, I've been around some time. I've seen administrations come and go. Because it's so difficult to actually make things happen, even when we've seen where we've had Republican controlled Presidency with a Republican controlled Congress or Democrat controlled Presidency and Congress, things just don't move that quickly and so I haven't really seen that big of a change. There have been some things obviously that the tax legislation was a pretty big deal for us as a company and I would say that and there could be other things. But if you talk about just what people are speaking about, there is a pretty big divide. The current administration in my opinion is less of a principal administration and probably more, I call them more opportunistic looking for ways to actually surgically improve the economy. On the other side of the equation, you see a fairly progressive Group. And – the front runners are fairly progressive and some of the things that I've heard, such as ban on fracking and just making it very difficult for gas pipelines, and interestingly enough it is actually good for our company. We are a long natural gas equivalents company. And so, if you start fracking natural gas prices will go up that is good for our company. It might make me think about I wish I didn't shutdown the coal plants that we did because those are obviously natural gas equivalents. I'm not sure everybody has thought that through yet. You still have to run the power grid and you have to have assets and if you shutdown gas drilling that's going to increase electricity costs. So, but I have not really seen a change that much I don't expect it to change that much. We're sort of agnostic when it comes to who is in the Presidency in the Congress. I saw something recently where somebody came out and had us sort of pegged I think under Democrat - Presidency in a Democrat controlled Congress that we don't do as well, I just don't see that. I mean – and I also think we expect to be a participant in the renewable side of the business. But one of the key points we tried to make in this discussion today is that when you bring in a significant amount of intermittent resources, you need some level of dispatchable resources that you can count on. And right now given where gas prices are in this country natural gas, efficient natural gas plants fit the bill. And we purposely did a deal to get long those types of assets. So, we feel very good about how we've positioned ourselves and I feel like we will do well under any administration.
Curtis Morgan: Yes so – first of all I want to be clear that we don't provide, we're not providing guidance on 2021. There is always, we tried to do this, because I know people and in particular you Julien, I know that you care about that out year. And so, part of this is just to try to give people a window into it. Admittedly, here is the story for 2021 and I think we said this in the script. If you market to market, just take the curve, we'd be a little bit below where we're coming in 2020 which 2020 is a pretty strong year but we would be below that. When we run very detailed fundamental model for 2021 and we did this last year and we got the same viewpoint, at this stage right now, we would say that our fundamental view is above – where the market is trading. And so when we market to model if you will, we would be above where 2020 comes in. And if you stripped out the base business, if you stripped out the retail businesses it kind of falls in that same line. I mean we'd be a little bit below, on the base business, but then on a mark to model we'd be above. The question is going to be, are we going to see the curves move up? And we tried to show this because we've seen it and it has been very pronounced at '19 and '20, where when we rolled through the prompt period, the one year out period moved up as we went through the summer of '19, '20 moved up when we went through the summer of '18, '19 moved up, and it happened as people began to realize that the market remained tight, but also they got glimpses of the volatility in the market and we expect that to happen again. But that's - we tried to arrange that for you guys to say that, but we feel pretty confident that we'll have an opportunity to hedge 2021. But I will tell you that we are going to be patient on that. But what we typically do is we're usually 80% to 90% hedged going into any prompt year. I don't expect us to deviate from that too much. But I think we did try to say today that we might carry a little more length than we have in the past, one because of the volatility and the fact that the volatility products that people have used to hedge swing risk and ERCOT are not as available because everybody's starting to realize this volatility, but also because we added Ambit, and Ambit also has swing risk associated with it. So I don't know if that gets an answer to your question, but I think we're going to be patient around '21. We think it right now is below where fundamentals who would see it. And so I wouldn't expect this to move our hedge ratio up a lot right now in 2021. But I do expect as we go through the balance of '20, as we get closer to 2021, we'll be likely hedged about the way we normally are, somewhere between 80% and 90% going into that year.
Curtis Morgan: I mean - so - just a couple of things that are a little bit different. So when we go from '20 to '21, we'll have the battery facility at Moss Landing, so that will be included in 2021. We will get to a full run rate on Ambit and Crius and because it takes us some time to do all the integration and all that. And so that, I think we've said before, we're around $50 million on the battery, I would expect us to pick up maybe $15 million to $25 million on the Ambit and Crius side. So you are seeing some of that, that would show up, which is contributing to offsetting some of the lower curves that you have for '21. Then if we mark the curves through our models, that's when you go above 2020. But those are two things that will be coming on that are new, and then we will be reaching full run rate of OP in 2021. So that $50 million will come on and then we'll be at full run rate by the end of 2021, but we'll be picking up some of that in 2021. So those are the things that I would say are contributing, to right now offsetting relative to the ERCOT curves. And by the way, the PJM curves are down. They are backwardated and so as I saw the way, they're smaller though impact on 2021. And so, the real swing on this, and this is true of us pretty much all the time, is the real swing on this will be what does ERCOT end up doing. And we feel very confident that our modeling is more representative of where things will come in and that will obviously push us to either be flat but more than likely higher given all those other things I just went over with you that we would end up being higher '21 to '20.
Curtis Morgan: So, actually, we did not, I mean, we actually saw sort of the opposite. What tends to happen in a high price environment, our competition has to raise prices intra month because most of these guys are hanging on razor thin margins. And so, when that happens, you tend to see people move from, sort of the fly by night, if you will, to safety and TXU Energy obviously is a safe bet. So we actually saw through those months, and I think we actually grew customers during that period of time. So - and that's typical for us and the good news for us is we get a customer, we typically can hold a customer for a good period of time, so and it was net-net beneficial to us over that period of time.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, that's a good question. We never came out and said you know that is a fall on the sword issue. I mean, and what I do believe and I think we've tried to say this is that I think it's a strong indicator of the risk of the business. And I still believe there's a risk premium that sits in our free cash flow yield, because people were just uncertain as to whether the business model is sustainable and the business is sustainable. So we've tried to tackle this in a couple of ways. One is through pure execution, and discipline, and doing the things we said. And part of that is reducing your debt. I mean, I think that's one way to reduce that risk premium. The other one is to try to draw a picture for people about what the long-term resiliency in this business is, which is why we give the 10-year view. So, I would say, the investment grade is less about credit spreads and more about the risk of the business overall, which I believe then translates into a higher equity value because investors view that they don't need the risk premium that they once thought they needed for this business, that the risk profile is business is much lower, and they can own it, get a 10% free cash flow yield, not a 15% free cash flow yield. And I've said this a bunch of times. This Company trades at a 10%, free cash flow yield at $7 billion plus dollars of equity value. I mean, that's a huge change in the value of our Company. There's nothing I'm doing every day or anybody in this Company is doing every day that could come close to creating that kind of value. And so, we're doing everything we can to prove to people because we believe it, that the business, the risk of this business has changed substantially by the way that we run it. And the amount of cash we generate is enormous. Who would have known it was embedded in this situation where people had too much debt and they were blowing money on bad things at the wrong time and we've cleaned that up. I think we just have to do it year-over-year, which we're doing. But I think a part of that puzzle is getting our debt down and investment grade would be a visible tangible sign that the business risk of our of Company is significantly lower and I think that would have some impact on our free cash flow yield.
Curtis Morgan: Once again, thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. I know, a long call. Really appreciate the questions and the opportunity to talk to you about our business. It's always a risk when you talk about 10-year view, but we thought it was important. I think we've explained why we think that's important. And we always appreciate your interest in Vistra Energy, and we look forward to continuing the conversation. Thank you and have a great day.
