Curt Morgan: Thanks, David. And Scott, thank you as well. So not much to say at this point. I think most of you have been following the election and things look pretty tight, too tight to call. Of course, it's going to be interesting to see whether we'll have divided government or whether we will have a single-party control. That, of course, would end up being the Democrats, because it looks like the house will go to the Democrats. The point that I'd like to make about the election is that -- and we've said this before, that we feel like we can be successful under any administration. We're an apolitical entity. We have friends on both sides of the aisle. We've worked very well with both Republicans and Democrats. And we, of course, studied, like most of you have, where the policies might go and feel like we can benefit under either administration. So we look forward to working with whoever the administration is and with whatever the Congressional makeup ends up being. And we feel like we can make progress under either administration, and however Congress gets set up. So it's a little too early to tell on this, as you guys know. This could drag out for a while as well, given what we're seeing. But we believe that Vistra is well-positioned under either control administration by Democrats or Republicans. So with that, operator, we'd like to open it up for Q&A.
Curt Morgan: Good question, Shahriar. So, we are seeing these types of opportunities come up. What can happen is, and what we typically do through our M&A team, as we will reach out to entities like this, and in some cases we'll reach out and say, are you interested in exiting the business? And in other cases, they may be looking to exit. We happen to know a couple of the principals. And we actually do the supply -- we actually do their supply right now for Infinite. So, we have a relationship, an existing relationship. And I think when they decided that it was time for them to do something different, they of course looked at us as one of the top candidates for buying their business. So, this one, I think, came to us a little bit different. But we have an active process where we are reaching out to some entities. And then again, some will reach out to us.  And there are, I'd say, a few of these, it seems like all the time. And some of which we are able to sign a deal with and some that we are not. So, I would expect that this can continue. And they're just -- they're smallish in nature, but they add up over time.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So, October has turned out to be a pretty decent month for us on the retail side of the business, although we're still closing out things. But there's a potential that we -- the weather was decent, and we still have to take a look at what the final tally looks like, but it could be in a favorable position. And we've also -- as you know, we were pretty well hedged on the wholesale side throughout the year at some reasonably good pricing. So, I think that we also go into things a little bit, as you might expect, because we don't know exactly what's going to happen with weather. And our retail business actually does well in these shoulder months, that we tend to go a little conservative even when we revise our guidance. And I think what's showing is that we're more on target with where we thought we would end up being. Plus I think we may see a little better October.  All of that is beginning to give us more confidence. This is just a situation where our confidence is growing around getting somewhere above the midpoint and heading towards the upper end of that range. And that's simply what it is. But I think October also may end up being a favorable month. Again, we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves because we haven't closed out the books yet.
Curt Morgan: In '21, so that's a little bit different. I apologize for that. In '21, I mean, I alluded to this in my comments that there's -- our business position and assets do offer us option value. And the market, depending on whether you're short or long, or where your book is positioned, people look at our business position and they see value for them and we see value in our business. And we're able to either transact in the forward. Sometimes, the forwards recognize scarcity. And sometimes, they recognize the value that's embedded in our assets and you can use that to hedge. Sometimes, like right now, it's not fully reflected in the forward curves, but that value is still there and you can capture it on a bilateral basis. And so I think what we're seeing, though, is in the market, that the value in our portfolio is there. It's just a matter of how do you want to transact and capture it. And we're seeing that value and we're realizing some of it. And we feel like that gives us a lot of confidence that ultimately '21 will turn out to be a year where we can get to the midpoint or even better than that. So, it's just really what you see in the marketplace. And it's not always -- I try to tell this to people, the forward curves are not the end of the all, especially as you get out beyond a year where they are thinly traded and they're not very representative. Have we gone back and marked our book to the forward curves 5 years ago, we would be coming in with EBITDA over that 5-year period at less than $3 billion. But that's not how it ended up. And so you got to be very careful about just choosing the forward curves. I know it's an easy thing. And I know it feels right for people to do it. But that's why we invest a bunch of money to try to analyze and model and understand the fundamentals of our business. And I know people get worried about models and all that. But for us, we have to do that along with the forwards and understand -- to understand really the value of our business. And for '21, we think there's a lot of value that's not reflected in the forward curves and there are multiple ways to realize that value.
Curt Morgan: Yes, we are. We are. I think, Julien, we see what everybody sees in terms of where the world is going. And I don't think that the ESG world is going to change in the next couple of years. And we want to be a part of that transition. And we also believe that we have the projects, the capabilities and understanding the markets to be able to invest and to generate very good returns. Of course, we always will look, at any given time, if something were to change, then we would obviously let you guys know that. And I'm not saying that we can't change. We're not stubborn about it. But we still see opportunity, and we haven't seen anything to change our view on the long-term fundamental view of markets that we have today and then our ability to create value from investment. We think a quarter of our free cash flow makes a lot of sense to reinvest in the business. But as we have said before, if we begin to see a market environment where we don't believe that we can generate the kind of returns that we think we can, then we will return that money to our shareholders. But at this point in time, we feel like we can continue to do that. And I think one of the things that really is underappreciated, in my mind, is that there is going to be a supply response to newbuild. There was a supply response when combined cycle plants came into the market, and there were a number of retirements in coal plants and higher heat rate gas and oil units. And that's going to continue to happen in these markets as you bring on new technologies. And I think that's largely being ignored. And we certainly are a company that has had to make the hard decisions, and I expect we will continue to do that. But I do believe that this country's generation landscape is going to change significantly. And there's absolutely no reason why Vistra cannot be a part of that. I also believe that you have to have a return on that investment in order to get people to do it. You can't just invest in renewables and say, okay, well, it's zero marginal cost. So now we're going to have free power forever. There has to be a mechanism, a pricing mechanism that incentivizes people to invest. And if we're going to spend trillions of dollars in this country to invest, there has to be a price clearing point that allows that to happen. You can't just invest and then go to zero marginal cost. Zero marginal cost doesn't work in the long run to support an industry. And so if you believe in economic theory, like I do, ultimately, pricing is going to settle at a point where people can get a return of and on investment. And that's why we're encouraged by it. And we'll watch that.  There are periods of time in all competitive markets where markets can get oversupplied. And then there's times when they get tight and they're undersupplied. I am certain that is going to happen. But there will also be a supply response when there is an oversupply, and that will bring markets back to equilibrium.
Curt Morgan: We haven't, but we can, Steve. It's $13 million, in that range. And then I think we said that it was about 3.7 times when you look at the multiple. That includes synergies. Synergies come from back office and other functional units largely. We were already a supplier to these guys.
Curt Morgan: Yes. Look, that's why I get paid the big buck, that's the tough decision, right? I mean, I don't know where the stock is going to go. I do -- there's obviously the famous CAPM, which would tell you that our cost of capital is much lower than where the free cash flow yield is, right? But we don't invest in anything anywhere close to what a CAPM model would tell you where we should be. And I won't say, though, that every investment -- although there are some that we have done, that every investment has a 20%-plus return either. And I do believe that we believe -- you know this, since you've covered us, we've been at 15% free cash flow yield. It just so happens that we're up in the 20s right now. But we typically would be in excess of that 15%. But it is something that we have to look at. This is why I believe that we are trying to take a balanced approach and actually one that errs on the side of returning more capital and buying back our shares, more so than reinvesting in the business, and it's something that we're going to have to follow. But then you know this because you've asked me this question, a sustainable 20% plus free cash flow yield has far-reaching implications well beyond whether we invest in solar projects or not. It has a lot to do with, can this company get a reasonable free cash flow yield for the kind of company that it is in the public market setting? And the management team and the Board, over the next couple of years, is going to have to wrestle with that. But there is no easy way out either. It's not easy just to go private either. I know how money is made there, too. And that's no panacea. But at the end of the day, we are going to search, as much as we possibly can, to find a way to get the full and fair value of this company. And I think part of that is investing in the changing technology on the generation side. But we absolutely have to do that in a prudent fashion. And your point is a fair one, and one that we have to wrestle with. And I think we try to balance that. But we've been investing in what we believe are compensatory type returns given where we are.
Curt Morgan: Thank you, everybody, again. I appreciate your interest in Vistra. Had a great quarter. We hope to close the year out strong. We're tracking in that direction. And thanks again for your time.
