Curtis Morgan: Yes. That's correct. I mean - and you may remember this, Greg. There's two elements of that coal to solar and battery program if we were successful. One is that there would be some incremental payments, almost like a pseudo-capacity payment in the -- to the existing coal plants until 2025. And that is obviously to help them stay alive. And then there would be a transition to solar and batteries, and we would invest in those to come on roughly in that 2025. And then there would be economics from those investments as well. But we have not included those just because of the uncertainty with what's going to happen. I think you're well aware. I'm not speaking out of turn here. This is public. But we're a little concerned with some of the lobbying issues that are going on that appears ComEd has gotten itself into. And although I do hear Exelon, I think Chris Crane said he was feeling pretty good about something actually happening in the fall. We'd obviously work with Exelon and others because I think if this is going to happen, it will probably be part of a broader energy legislation. But we just have been conservative on this, and we have not put it in there at this point in time.
Curtis Morgan: Yeah, that's a very good question. I mean, look, here's how I see it. We don't comment on anything specifically, as you might understand. I would say though that we're not focused on any particular transaction that involves retail that would have a significant non-U.S. presence. So that probably gives you some indication of where our focus would be or would not be. Are we interested in other potential opportunities? We are. But we would remain extremely disciplined, especially given where our stock price is. It would have to be something very compelling. I will say that there are a few opportunities that may be out there that are attractive. And we'll see what happens about that. But we got to be really careful about something like that in today's environment. So I think I wanted to make sure that you guys, rest assured, that if we were to come forward with something, it would have to be very compelling to us. Now in getting to where we would like to be, I think I've been very clear about this. Over the next 2 to 4 years, we'd like to have a mass that's somewhere around 70%. Now some of that is going to happen naturally because I expect us to shrink our generation size because some of our coal, I believe we're going to have 2,000 megawatts, for example, that comes out with MPS. There may be others. So we're going to naturally going to shrink back. And we're pushing 50% as it is now and some of that is actually going to push us closer to 60%. But I wouldn't be surprised in the next few years that we do something. There is - the good portfolios are getting more scarce. And so I will say that if an opportunity came around, you have to take a look just because of that. But we're going to be disciplined about it. And as I said, we'd like to be 70 plus or so percent mass. We still like to be somewhat long. And I think in particular in ERCOT, we think it's good from a risk management standpoint. But we also think it's good just from an opportunistic standpoint given the fact that there are going to be -- with an all energy market, there is going to be -- and I know it's hard to contemplate this right now given where the forwards are, but there are going to be opportunities where this market is tight and where it's maybe not as tight. And those opportunities, those options that -- in the form of assets in ERCOT can be quite lucrative in the periods where things can get tight.
Curtis Morgan: Absolutely. We - you know this, Praful. I mean the real -- when you're doing that analysis, the assumptions that you make as to the timing and the level of your stock price, appreciation for buying back your shares, is fundamental. So we look at it under a variety of scenarios as to how quickly and how high our stock price would move, because obviously if we buy back our shares, that's an investment. But we look at it - just like we look at when we do an investment in something like a retail business, we look at it under a number of scenarios. And so that is exactly how we will look at anything if we decide to do something, is how does it compare on a return basis relative to buying back our shares. And so it has to be. I will mention, because I'm sure it's going to come up and if you don't mind, I'd just going to pile on, on this one. But we have, as you guys know, we have obviously a number of constituents, but very key to us obviously are our shareholders. But also key to us are those who have loaned money to us, our creditors. And we still have more wood to chop as it relates to reducing the cost of our debt. We just were recently out in the debt markets. They've been pretty favorable to us. And so we are going to take a balanced approach, including continuing down the path of reducing our leverage to the 2.5 times. And I want to make sure to be clear about that. Even though I think if you pencil it out math-wise, paying down debt even at 7% relative to free cash flow yields at 20%, you can talk yourself into maybe pushing out, reducing your leverage. We understand that math, but we also have to balance out the different constituencies. And also, we want to have a very strong balance sheet to go forward on. So we still have a lot of dry powder left in our current buyback program. We can -- we are anxious to continue to buy back our shares at this price. But we're also mindful of the fact that we want to get our balance sheet where we would like it to be. And so we're committed to those balancing effects, and we are going to continue to stay that way.
Curtis Morgan: Well, so I want to be clear though that a lot of our cash is spoken for until we get to 2021 in order to get to the leverage targets we want to be at. We obviously have some incremental room in all that. But that also assumes a dividend that we -- a current dividend. And management will more than likely recommend to the Board that we grow that at somewhere between 6% and 8%, as we've said. And we feel comfortable that we've got growth projects already in the pipeline that will more than -- well more than cover 6% to 8%. I don't think that you'll see us change though the dividend in and of itself other than some growth between 6% and 8%. But we also will look at -- we have some opportunities in California to continue to develop our two sites, which are very good sites. Those feel to me like they're going to be more 2021 and beyond-type investment. So they're not going to really affect our 2020 investment. So I'm -- we're not really concerned. Of course, I think we all know that we're somewhat interested in growing our retail book. But that is going to be opportunistic in nature, and I can't sit here and tell you that there is something out there that would affect '19 or '20. So bottom line is that we will continue to look at that balanced capital allocation plan. What's interesting about retail acquisitions is they have such a high conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow. And if you have operating retail businesses, the cash flow is immediate. And so while an acquisition would have obviously an outflow of cash to pay for it immediately from a retail position. Within a very short period of time though, you're generating cash and the effect on your leverage ratios is minimal. I mean I think Crius was 0.03. And so I don't know if I call it self-funding, but they don't really distract. So it's not really -- in a retail deal, it's really not a choice between getting to the leverage ratio and doing that deal, it's just a matter of timing in terms of getting to the leverage ratio. And that's something we'll have to balance, right, at the end of the day. And of course as I said to you a minute ago, we're always going to put that up against buying back our shares. I mean it has to be compelling for us to be able to do it.
Curtis Morgan: Yes. So that's a very good question. In fact, I just was with Thad a day or so ago, and he was smiling a lot. So I don't know what that meant. But look here's how I think about it, Steve. We talked about this and I think I've talked about it on the call before, we still have faith that the public markets will ultimately value this for what it is, as a strong value play. And that we can replicate this thing year in and year out, and on average we can generate really strong cash flows and that we're disciplined with our money and that will result in a stock price that we feel comfortable with. I will say that this recent downturn, which, look, we get, right? I mean commodity prices are down. We're a commodity business. While I don't like the magnitude of it and I think that people were not recognizing what we are capable of doing in terms of managing it, I understand it. But this -- the management team of this company and the board are going to constantly look at what's the best way to unlock value for this business. And I don't know with a sector of two, it's difficult. I don't know whether the public markets are going to embrace it or not. And I know this, that I've spent a lot of time, and David's joining me now too, trying to go out and talk to people, new investors, long-term investors that buy the story because we believe in it and we believe strongly into it. I'm hoping that through execution this year and next year and people getting more and more comfortable that we're not the old IPPs of the past through our actions and execution, that we'll unlock that value. If it doesn't happen, we have to -- we owe it to the company and the people who are shareholders of this company, have believed in us, we got to look for what's the best way to unlock value for the company. I don't know if that's taking it private or not, but that will certainly be on the list because it has to be. I guess - I mean we don't think that's rocket science. I'm not telling anybody anything that's probably very surprising. But we are -- we do believe that we can give this a go as a public company, and I think we've had some really good success at doing that. I mean, I look at where we came out, the stock price where we came out from bankruptcy, the things we've done, the value we've created. I still feel pretty good about where we are. I'm not happy about it, but I think I feel pretty good about it. The question for us right now is, is there another tier to this, another level to the valuation of this company that we think is there and should be recognized that clearly is not being recognized yet. But we're committed to putting up the numbers and doing the things that we said that we would do, and I have faith that it can happen. If it doesn't, we'll have to look at a lot of alternatives.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, I'll tell you, frankly, it's a great asset and I think we're trying to do some things around it to improve it. I mean I've said this before: one asset in a market is not strategy. But I also will say that we're not going to do something -- we don't have to do anything because it either has decent cash flows, it's a nice asset. The team there is very good. And so we're not going to sell something that's dilutive, and that's not a particularly good market right now to sell something in. So our math says we're betting running it, getting the cash flow from it and keeping the asset right now than it is to sell it. Now if there's somebody that wants to build a business or has a business in New York that wants to pay what we think fair value is for it or more, we're happy to talk about that. But that's true probably pretty much of any asset we have, if somebody wants to pay us more than what it's worth. But we don't have any activity going on around Independence right now that -- in terms of selling that asset.
Curtis Morgan: Okay. So it's not definite yet, but we think we're going to be on the August 13 JCAR agenda. And the reason we also know that is we're getting questions from JCAR staffers. So that's usually a sign you're going to be on the agenda. If we're on the agenda in August either - I think they may have two, maybe one on the 13 and one on the 28, if I remember correctly, there's going to be no issues of going through the process and then ultimately retiring plants by the end of the year, which is something that we would like to do. And clearly, we would also try be pretty well hedged up. And then we also like to do a fair amount of hedging around our retail business. We're - we don't take a lot of risk as we come into the summer as some do and leave a lot of open position there, especially in Texas. And so look, I think between those two, we'll be pretty well hedged up by the end of the year. But that could depend on just exactly where we see prices. What I also can tell you is that we look, we have a point of view. And we will measure any kind of hedging relative to where we think the market will ultimately settle, and we'll be disciplined about that.
Curtis Morgan: Well, thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As I stated at the beginning of the call, we do appreciate your interest in Vistra Energy. We hope that it's helpful. And we look forward to continuing the dialogue. As I mentioned earlier, I will mention this again, that in the third quarter, David and I are expect to have another sort of deep discussion around sort of long-term prospects for the company. We're doing a lot of work around that. And it's obvious that it's something that we should cover, and so we're going to do that on the third quarter call. I think it's instrumental to unlocking the long-term value of the company. So thank you for your time.
