Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jim. Jim, just in light of the PJM capacity print, would you consider investing in new gas or storage and RTO at this point? I mean, do you think one or two more prints at this level are sufficient to attract new entry? Does this kind of change any of your thinking regarding any potential coal to gas on the Sunset fleet? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just, Jim, on 2026, right, obviously, you reiterated the mid-point opportunity, but we saw some trade-offs between the curves falling in the blowout PJM capacity number.
Shar Pourreza: But the question is like, would you have been at that $6 billion figure before the auction results? Maybe if you could just put a little bit of a finer point on the ranges around the year, even directionally? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just one more quick one. Just on the FERC Technical Conference, I know you guys have been obviously super vocal in the Susquehanna ISA amendment process. Has that -- the technical conference, has that slowed any of the conversations you've been having with customers around co-location opportunities? Thanks.
Jim Burke: Yes. Shar, it's a great question. PJM has been working on market reforms for quite some time, and we've talked about that on previous calls. It's a long process, and I think they've made great headway in looking at the sort of contribution that different resource classes, like dispatchable, can provide. And I think we saw that reflected in this most recent clear. It is only one auction, of course, and not long enough out in the future to be starting a new project because they are behind, obviously, and they're catching up on the number of auctions in the next couple of years. This December will be another interesting signal. We think it can clear at or above where this most recent clear was just given some of the fundamentals. And I think that does make PJM attractive. I think that's one of the things that PJM is offering now is a signal towards assets that provides us reliability benefit. We have a number of sites in PJM operating. We obviously have some coal plants, we could look at potential conversions at some point to gas. And I think others will look at that as well. But it is a good signal. Shar, it's still early stages, but I think a lot of progress has been made there.
Jim Burke: Sure. Yes, good question, Shar. So when we first announced the $6 billion plus, we were talking about this on the May call. Curves were actually quite strong at that point in time in the market in Texas and PJM, frankly, across the country. As you know, the curves have come off quite a bit. We were about 50% hedged on that call. Now we're about 55% hedged. So we have seen some gross margin for particularly the unhedged portion, erode some of the 2026 earnings. But we had a sense because of our open position, Shar, we wouldn't have put $6 billion plus out if we couldn't handle some volatility in the curves because that's just the nature of the business we're in. With this clear, obviously, that captures only part of 2026 and this auction coming up in December will capture the other part of 2026. We did not revise the 2026 number. As you noted, we did revise 2025. I think with these -- with the clear we've had, in this upcoming clear, we are strongly above the $6 billion plus figure, but we're going to refresh that next quarter. When we come out next quarter, we'll give you a 2025 guidance number, which is not what we've provided today. We merely reflected the auction clear for 2025, and we'll give more visibility into 2026. But the business has been very resilient. And I think these -- the diversification of our fleet, plus having the retail business, the earnings power of the business is strong.
Jim Burke: Hey Shar, it has not slowed. The conversation is down. I think, first of all, these conversations are numerous. They are not only are there a lot of customers having -- that we're having conversations with, but they're having conversations with a lot of potential suppliers like ourselves. We're making really good progress with our customers. We're in due diligence for a number of sites. Clearly, this process, including a technical conference will -- it is of interest to folks. But these are some long-dated conversations and these are sizable decisions that folks are making. If they contract for one of our larger sites, for instance, they could be approaching $1 billion a year in power costs at a single site. So these take time to evolve, but it has not slowed the pace of play. I think there's going to be plenty of data center load behind the meter or co-located and also front of the meter. I think there's going to be plenty. And I think they're evaluating these customers are evaluating all their options. So we'll see how the technical conference goes. We're clearly in support FERC approving this amended ISA. We think the record is very clear on that, but more to come, and we're going to stay active, as I know all of the market participants will. But this is a really big opportunity for our industry to meet customer needs. And frankly, create a lot of jobs, a lot of economic development, and I hope as an industry we don't get in our own way here and that we're able to see that this load growth is really beneficial for our economy broadly. And we expect these conversations to stay active until we get to a decision with a couple of key customers, which we're pretty optimistic about.
Jim Burke: Yes. Angie, there's a lot in that question. It is something we think about quite a bit. The beauty of a competitive market is anybody can build generation in a competitive market, and that includes the regulated utilities as long as they're doing it in the competitive market context. That framework has shown over the years to over $80 billion has been invested by competitive companies in PJM since the market opened over $100 billion has been invested by competitive companies at ERCOT since the market opened. This is the first clear, as we just talked about, that has shown real life in quite some time. And while it looks like it's 9x to 10x higher than the last clear, on average is bringing maybe 40% to 50% of what you would need to build a new gas plant. This is not a clear that in and of itself without energy margin makes all the math work from an investor point of view. I know the regulated utilities feel a need to serve their customers with a reliable product, and we feel that need as well. That is a core tenant of our strategy. I think there's plenty of investment opportunities on the transmission and distribution side to not only serve new load but to connect the new generation resources. And that queue has been slow to develop in PJM, and I know PJM wants to accelerate that. So I still go back to what I said just a minute ago, I don't think we should be worried about, are there some ancillary services that need to be paid or some wires charges that need to be paid. The customers we're talking to, want to pay for the services that they're being delivered, whether that's on the wire side or the generation side. I think there's plenty of opportunity for all of us to work together to not only make this an economic opportunity for our respective companies, but to meet the customer need. That's ultimately what we're doing here is meeting a customer need and I think we're going to all have to work together to do it. But it's something that I think, Angie, is going to unfold through time. Nothing happens in the power market as fast as the technology space would like it to. And frankly, as fast as we would like it to. So I think we just need to keep the dialogue open and work through these issues. But we think there's plenty to go around for this to be a real boom for all stakeholders.
Jim Burke: Yes. I think, Angie, the regulatory questions obviously are getting some attention, but I still view this as a customer-driven event. The customers are going to want to sign these contracts and get comfortable with the resources, the location, the speed with which they will energize the terms under which we'll do business. So it isn't just up to our company to just move quickly. It's up to our company to be responsive to customer needs, and we need to work through the necessary filings and the studies to make that happen. But if the customer pull is there, I think Vistra is going to be right there with any of the other parties to be able to meet this need. But I also think the regulators are doing the job they need to do, which is ask questions. And I think the response that's been provided in the amended ISA has answered those questions, and we're optimistic that, that will get approved. But this is not simply up to Vistra in terms of how fast Vistra wants to move. There are real customers here with real resources that they're committing just like we'll be committing and those conversations take time. These are complicated deals, and they're valuable for all of us. But we hear your question. I just think that it's not just a one-way direction for Vistra to control. I think this is something that we need to work together to get it done on the right time frame.
Jim Burke: Yes, absolutely. I think -- first of all, I think there's going to be both. There is -- this is -- the frustration, I think, that comes into this discussion at times from players is everybody views these as one or the other. There's so much load growth, and if you follow what folks are looking at, not only for data centers, but other sources of electrification and reindustrialization there's going to be a lot -- the vast majority will be front of the meter. There's just no way to meet all of these needs behind the meter. So we view that as load growth in either way and that is going to help supply demand kind of fundamentals. The behind the meter piece is just a unique opportunity really for us to co-locate much like other large customers have done for the last 20 years, and we can provide a speed to market advantage because there should not be the same level of resources needed to build out on the transmission side simply from a time frame perspective. When if we've got the land and the ability to provide them the reliable product that they're looking for, we should be able to contract and earn a margin for doing so. So I think both of those are valuable opportunities, Angie, and we're pursuing both with our customers.
Jim Burke: And David, great question. So a couple of things there. I do think the curve is coming off in the last couple of months, just starting there in and of itself is a different view than where we were even sitting in the first week of May. And so if you just simply look at the curves, these projects are challenged. And I think we're a long -- a net long generator as a company. We have a lot more generation length than we serve retail load. So if we only were looking at the curve and the curve is not that liquid, so you can't overreact to the curves in early May, and you can't overreact to the curves here in early August. But on a curve-only basis, the Texas market is a different investment construct than other markets in the country. And I think the legislature recognized that. That's why they pass the test, and then the Sunset Bill last session, they also put in a couple of other things to work on some reliability reserve service, which is a new ancillary, and they also codified the performance credit mechanism. So in our view, what the Texas legislature did, would say we need to provide some low-cost financing to encourage gas plants to be built. And that has a maximum of 10,000 megawatts. So regardless of how many had notification of interest and how many are in the application process, the max is 10,000 megawatts. That was expected to have $10 billion of funding to back it. And right now, they have funded $5 billion. But it's likely the additional $5 billion could come, before the next session or during the next session, to fully fund up to the 10,000 megawatts. Our view is that low-cost financing and some completion bonuses alone would not make these projects justifiable. The lower cost of financing is helpful, but you still need adequate revenue to be able to make these projects work. So the market reforms we believe are very important part of the overall package. And when we made our announcement in May about the 2,000 megawatts, we're comfortable proceeding with the augmentations. We're comfortable proceeding with the conversion of Coleto, and we don't have any test requests for that, and we expect the -- given the economics of those, those would move forward. However, we did file for TEF for the two new peakers, and we think that the TEF loan is, again, helpful, but we also still need to see the revenue construct that the market reforms are intended to help address. We don't know how those are going to ultimately shake out because there's been so much interest in the TEF that I think some folks believe that maybe that's enough to address the concerns around grid reliability in Texas. We're not sure how much of the TEF generation ultimately gets built. I think it's too early to tell. But for the long-term, not only to incentivize the right reliable -- reliability assets, but also to preserve the reliability assets that are currently on the grid, some of which are aging quite -- to quite long lives, 40, 50 years plus, there needs to be some revenue signals. Not all stakeholders in agreement on that. The advocacy from the large industrials and commercial customer base is very price sensitive, very cost sensitive. This is a market that values low energy prices. So I don't know how the stakeholder process will ultimately work out. We're going to monitor that from here, and we're very active in it, and we'll see how it develops throughout the session. But I think it's too early to tell how all of this is going to come to fruition, especially if some of the market reform aspects are not supported through the end of the process, consistent with the Sunset Bill at SB3.
Jim Burke: So at the end of August, we expect to hear who's been selected from a due diligence perspective to move forward with the TEF process. So on the loan and bonus program, Steve, I think all market participants will hear by the end of August, whether they make it to the next round. And then the due diligence process can take time. And ultimately, there will be an award made for the loans, and we'll have to see from a timeframe perspective, how quickly those monies will be made available. I believe they need to be dispersed. I'm going to look to stay through real quick by late 2025. And our timeframe, Steve, in terms of our decision making is that we have engineering work, we have site work, we have the interconnect process we're working through. We anticipate a go/no-go decision on some of these -- on the peakers to line up probably closer to early next summer. And then we'll have a lot more information at that point in time. But that's the timeline as we see it. And obviously, we expect to learn more, and we'll be active in the market and the stakeholder process between now and then.
Jim Burke: Sure. Steve, your question depends on which week we're talking about. Literally, right at that PTC floor, and then as of August 5, we're right below the PTC floor. So I think the way we can obviously change our annual views day-to-day, week-to-week like this. But our communication in that range was we merely wanted to reflect the capacity revenue flow through, so that you could see that it's not needed to cover some other underlying softness in our business. We feel strongly about 2025 as we did before, and we're adding the $200 million for the capacity revenues. The downside protection comes in, and if curves stayed exactly where they are, maybe we get a little bit more PTC upside. But certainly, if curves came off, you would get a lot more PTC protection. And that's really what we're communicating for 2025, it's not only have we raised the range, but we feel the PTC provides some downside protection that's valuable. You're going to see it in our 2024 results, if the regs come out the way we think they are, we're giving you that $400 million number over and above the upper end of the range that we're communicating for 2024. So that's how it works. It isn't always an in-the-money tool, but it certainly provides the downside protection that should give our investors some comfort.
Jim Burke: Yes. So when we look at putting out our numbers for 2025, that we had already disclosed last quarter, we had a revenue assumption on an auction clear -- embedded in that than half, Steve, what the auction clear turned out to be. So we've already have a starting point in the 2025 numbers. And then if you look at how our business works, particularly in the retail piece on residential, you do some forward sale of not only energy, but capacity. So those are not as long dated of the deal, particularly in the residential space, but you have some of that, which effectively is a fixed price commitment for customers. So you wouldn't expect that to pass-through at the full value. Some of the commercial industrial contracts would pass-through. But on residential, it is not typical to be passing through the capacity piece. So when you see the $200 million, obviously, that six months of the planning period. And then, of course, there's 2026 benefit as well. By the time you get to the 2026/2027 auction, there's even less retail that would be -- that would have forward sold capacity. So you would see even more flow through at these levels of clear as you move forward.
Jim Burke: Yes. Durgesh, it is a hard question to answer, and I don't mind being put on the spot. I can only answer the question the best I can, which is, these are large complicated deals and they do depend on not only our desire to get one done, but the customers' comfort with getting these deals done. I do think some of the details we're working through extremely well. We have strong engagement and due diligence processes but we know that they're having conversations with multiple parties, not just Vistra. So there's a lot of work in the industry from a power generation as well as the hyperscalers and co-locators, and I do think that there's going to be a process of the funnel working its way down to realistic options. For example, with the questions being raised in the PJM environment regarding the amended ISA. Well, ERCOT does not have that same jurisdiction. So there's a Comanche Peak on a relative value perspective, step up in the process, and we're seeing some interest in Comanche Peak and even as these discussions with PJM have started to become more public on that amended ISA. So Durgesh, it's a dynamic market. It's about the best thing I can say to that, and we're moving as fast as we can, but it does take the customer side to be comfortable with this. As I mentioned, these are very large complicated deals. So our fundamentals of our business, Durgesh, they don't depend on doing a lot of data center deals. I think the supply/demand fundamentals that we've talked about, they're there, whether they're front of the meter or behind the meter, it's just a unique opportunity for a company like ours with so many sites and so many opportunities to partner directly with customers, it is upside. And we have not baked that into our forecast and our views. And so -- but I can tell you we're a competitive bunch that our team is working as hard as we can to get to a deal.
Jim Burke: We've been through some economic shocks a number of times in our 24 years as kind of a competitive company. Obviously, the near-term, and when I say near-term, the next two years to three years, we feel really strong about our ability to generate consistent returns. But as you move out into 2027 and beyond, our business is going to be more open to the macroeconomic environment. That's not only power price and natural gas price levels, but also just the customer demand is the demand there. We have a very healthy baseload business and a very healthy residential business that tend to be pretty recession proof. And most of our business that's commercial and industrial, we don't have contracts where we're taking sort of the swing or the load risk in that. We tend to sell more take-or-pay or fixed quantity type products to those customers. So I think our business is set up well, Durgesh. I think it's a business that has shown that even when things get soft, we're able to back down some of our units, buyback hedges in the marketplace cost effectively, earn margin, whether we're generating or whether we back down. So I think we've proven the resiliency in the business model, but certainly, long-term, it make you think about your capital allocation and your investment, if you really thought we were at a prolonged sort of downturn. But that is not -- that's not anything we'll worry about in this near-term planning horizon.
Jim Burke: Yes. Well, we are a competitive company and pricing is a sensitive topic to be discussing on our earnings call. But I would say that the customers that we are engaged with understand the value of -- particularly on the nuclear units, they understand the value of the carbon-free attribute. They understand the value of reliability. They understand the potential speed to market benefit and they're willing to pay for that. I mean, again, you're in a competitive process. So other people are offering that, that have similar resources to Vistra. So this is, again, a buyer and a seller needing to reach agreement on what that value is. But we are having those conversations, and I think those are moving along well. Ultimately, there's more options than just the nuclear fleet. The gas fleet is also part of the conversation, and they provide other benefits for customers. They wouldn't necessarily be paying the same premium for the carbon-free attribute. But obviously, the gas assets provide reliability. They provide the opportunity to potentially be grid connected in some cases and use the renewables that are on the grid to optimize price for the customer. So there's a lot of variables to this that are going to be deal and customer-specific. But the capacity clear was noted. I think that's something that a customer, whether front of the meter or behind the meter, they're going to be looking at these kind of capacity clears as something that load is going to need to pay. And so I do think that it was a little bit more unclear before this last auction, that the auction revenues might actually be more than what they've been in previous auctions. I think this auction and the parameter shaping up for this December, show that there is actually a need for more supply in PJM. And so we'd expect the clears to stay at that level or higher, and we know that customers are savvy and they see this coming from a power cost perspective.
Jim Burke: Yes. We have actually grown our business considerably through acquisition. And I think the history of the IPP sector, unfortunately, has been that brand new assets usually end up trading at a discount. In many cases, the IPPs themselves have not stayed financially solvent and folks have picked up those assets much more cheaply in the aftermath. And so you see that even with a recent sale that was announced of a competitive fleet, largely PJM, where those assets are receiving a value that one could argue is still $0.50, $0.60 on the dollar for new build. And I think that's the challenge with when people look at ERCOT forward curves and we talk to partners about an off-take agreement on a gas plant, for instance, they might look at the forward curves and say it's still cheaper to be leaning on the market and buying on the market than paying for a brand new asset with a return requirement. That's true whether that's a regulated asset or in a market or that's true, whether it's in a competitive market. So I think we have shown an ability to pick up assets and integrate them and earn the synergies, and we're still open to doing that. There are more assets coming to the market. I think people have seen the value of these gas assets have improved, but they haven't improved to the level that it costs to do new build. And that gap is not closed meaningfully. And so yes, we will be active. We always are active in looking at opportunities. But we'll be looking to see if those two things converge down the road. But right now, there is still a delta.
Jim Burke: Yes. I just want to thank everyone for joining. I want to thank our team for their continued execution and service to our customers and our communities. We appreciate your interest in Vistra, and we'll continue to work hard to power through the summer months here and deliver on our strategic priorities. And we hope to see you in-person soon. So have a nice end of your summer, and we'll talk to you again on our next quarter call in November. Thanks.
