Steve Muscato: Thanks, Curt. Turning now to slide 11, we wanted to spend a few minutes on the call today, discussing the state of the ERCOT market. As many of you know, Texas experienced extreme temperatures the last two weeks of July. During this period, ERCOT saw meaningful daily and intraday volatility, as it’s depicted on the two graph on the slide. During the two-week period, ERCOT North Hub on peak day ahead average prices were consistently above $100 per megawatt hour and even reached $401 per megawatt hour on July 23 with a single hour exceeding $2000 per megawatt hour.  These high day ahead prices provided Vistra the opportunity to sell unhedged length at attractive prices during the month of July. However, while day ahead prices during the month of July were strong, real time prices came in meaningfully lower during the month. Real time prices settled below the day ahead market because ERCOT had sufficient supply to meet the demand, despite the above average temperatures. Specifically, July 2018 wind production at the peak hour was right around the average wind production at the peak hour over the last three years in July.  Outages in July this year however were well below the July average over the last three years. As a result, generation supply in ERCOT was robust enough to meet the peak demand, as represented by real time prices. Importantly however, even though July prices did not reach the scarcity extremes that some might have expected during the July heat wave, average July on peak day ahead prices still averaged approximately $112 per megawatt hour. As a result, we are well positioned heading into August. Turning now to slide 12, you can see there has been meaningful volatility in the ERCOT 5x16 summer heat rates, particularly for 2018. It is this volatility that gives Vistra the chance to opportunistically hedge when forwards are fundamental point of view. In the spring of 2018, for example, ERCOT forwards traded above Vistra’s fundamental point of view and we took the opportunity to hedge some incremental open length in to this attractive forward pricing. Vistra’s hedging approach turns this price volatility into earnings stability. It is important to note that Vistra is net one generation, but when we talk about our hedging approach, it reflects locking in value against this net long position. Even though we have seen less volatility in the 2019 and 2020 forward curves, Vistra has still been able to hedge incrementally in those years, when volatility was present. In particular, as you will see in slide 26 in the appendix, Vistra is now approximately 91% hedged on a natural gas equivalent basis in 2019 and approximately 58% hedged on a heat rate basis in 2019. We continue to believe both the 2019 and 2020 forward curves will include from the current trading levels. Much like the 2018 forward curve did not move meaningfully higher until the early part of 2018, we believe 2019 and 2020 forward curves will continue to improve as we get closer to the prompt summer. Load in ERCOT is expected to grow at approximately 2% a year and ERCOT is not expected to see any meaningfully new thermal generation over the next two years. As a result, we believe the supply demand forecast will remain tight and forward hers will only improve in the months to come, as we depict on slide 13. In the chart on the left hand side of the slide, we have taken the ERCOT May CDR and backed out any new thermal generation, that is in the CDR forecast for 2019 and 2020. But that is not yet under construction on the premise that if you are not yet under construction today, you will not be on line by summer 2020. Making only this adjustment, ERCOT should see a declining reserve margin from 2018 through 2020, implying the tight supply and demand conditions are only going to persistent ERCOT in the coming years.  Despite these declining reserve margins, however, the current 7x16 North Hub spark spreads are meaningfully backwardated, as we depict on the right hand side of the slide. Given the tight reserve margins, we expect through at least summer 2020, we believe this backwardation will reverse at some point in the future.  Importantly and as Curt indicated earlier in the call, the backwardation in the curve makes the development and construction of the new CCGT and ERCOT uneconomic and highly unlikely, especially because ERCOT is energy only market, making it difficult to secure financing. As a result, financial players make rational decision, as it relates to new investment, it remains our view that the supply/demand dynamics in ERCOT will remain favorable, likely even beyond summer 2020. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Holden to discuss second quarter financial highlights.
Steve Muscato: I can start Steve with at least one thing. If you’re talking about ERCOT, which I think is probably where most of that shows up, as we've incorporated the Dynegy assets, we put their combined cycle plants on the our dispatched protocols and essentially we’re showing less generation during the lower cost shoulder hours that what would have been in the Dynegy forecast.
Steve Muscato: When we look at the production growth associated with -- associated gas coming out of places like the Permian, with strong oil prices, that continues to grow pretty rapidly. In addition, the Freeport LNG was delayed. So when we look at the combination of those two events, we just thought there was more probability of downside in gas than upside. So we wanted to kind of take that risk out, which is why we increased our hedge percentage pretty dramatically up to around 91% in the 2019 period.
Steve Muscato: Sure. Up in the Panhandle, the only real issue I would say that there is -- units up in the Panhandle that are in SPP, that can switch back and forth. And so they switched into ERCOT and were able to flow over the Panhandle lines because the Panhandle, that's really the only I guess material issue that we have to watch.
Steve Muscato: I think it's driven by two things. One is the contract period for retailers, they don't typically buy three to five years, right. There's a lot of buying typically on the front, so that's just what we call it, supply demand dynamic. I think the other thing is just, this is kind of a show me market, we've historically seen either strategics like other companies come in like Exxon previously building combined cycles on balance sheet. And prior to that, we saw [indiscernible] come in and finance, I mean. So I think people are kind of waiting and seeing to see if there's any type of irrational build, but I think it’s a combination of those two factors.
Curt Morgan: Yes, it could evolve. I think the way we have discussed this with the board is that depending on where our share price is, it could just continue to be the best investment that we can make and I think it's a tradeoff frankly in ’18, ’19 because this is not an issue once you pay down debt in ’19, because then our cash flow is strong, but it's a real question of whether you continue to do share buybacks or whether you institute a dividend. And we're very focused, as you know, because you've been with us around, talking to investors, we're trying to get feedback as to what we think the right use of that capital would be in ’19 because that's really where the choice has to be made, because we're so focused on paying down debt and we're going to have some excess cash. Now look, if we have better cash picture than what we're talking about right now, then you can do both. And so we're going to look at that obviously and try to manage that, but right now, given where our stock is, we think it is a very good investment for the company to buy back our shares. We still have a significant amount left to do and we're going to be focused on it. And I will add too that, I think when we instituted the buyback program, we were at around $24 and we would have gone, I'd say, meaningfully above that and continue to buyback because we feel our share price is well north of even that. So I think you'll see us execute this 500 million. I think, the board – we’ll talk to the board near the end of this year about what we want to do, this is what we also want to see how we come out of the summer and what our cash position looks like and then I think by the end of this year, we're going to be able to come back out to the market, probably around the Q3 call and we'll be able to talk about what capital allocation might look like in ’19 and that will definitely include both share buybacks as well as a recurring dividend.
Curt Morgan: Yeah. I think, this is a question that we need to talk to the board about, it has to do with what our cash picture looks like. So look, I don't want to get out in front of the board on this one, but it would be some time, if we did so, it would be some time in ’19 and I would guess it would probably be more in the first half, but we need talk to the board about this, but it is in that kind of timeframe.
Curt Morgan: We have not had a conversation with the agencies yet, because we’re still meaningfully above where we want to get to. I feel like that's a ’19 issue that maybe late ’18, ’19 when we’ll engage with them. I think we also – they’re like everybody else about this sector. They want to see it first. So I think we have to execute and demonstrate to them, so we have not yet engaged, we've had some cursory discussions with the agencies, but we have not had a detailed discussion. I think what we will end up doing is going into them -- to see them with a detailed presentation of what our financial plan looks like and have direct discussions, but that's probably later this year, early ’19 before we engage in that.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So just the operations performance initiative, the OP process, that's probably more a ’19, later ’19 and probably into ’20, because it takes time to get through each of these plants, it’s very detail and there's, each plants is probably 100 different ideas that end up getting implemented. So that's all about getting through our process and that I would guess that's what that looks like. In terms of incremental interest, expense savings through the optimization of the balance sheet, that could be later ’19 into ’19. So there are things that we're looking at right now that could reduce interest expense and optimize the balance sheet and there may be a little bit on the synergy side, but that -- we probably wouldn't talk about that till the Q3 call, it's not a material amount. But I think those are the things that we still have available to us and I think the nice thing is, I think Q3 call, we will have a little bit to talk about there and I think extending into ’19, we’ll have a lot to talk about. If you think about it, we're going to have, I think, a good year this year, relative to any expectation.  And Shar, I don’t want to reemphasize the folks here that when we came out with guidance back in November, we used October curves. That's what everybody else was using. We then increased it to the, basically the end of March curves, which were substantially higher. So we already increased guidance already this year once and then we're beating relative to that, whereas the other guidance that you guys are hearing are probably back into the October of 2017 curves, which are meaningfully lower.  So we’re continuing to produce strong earnings, strong cash, we have catalysts coming forward as well around the OP effort and other balance sheet improvements and then we're going to talk to the market about whether we want to continue to buy back shares and/or do a recurring dividend. So we feel good about the catalyst coming forward in the next six months and we’ll have a lot to talk about.
Curt Morgan: I mean basically, I would say, retail is roughly in line, the wholesale segment was higher and probably in the sort of $60 million to $70 million.
Curt Morgan: So Praful, another way to say this is, if you were looking at the asset retirement obligation on the balance sheet of both Vistra and Dynegy all along, which I assume you guys look at, right, because that is the MTV of what the future expected retirement obligations are of the company, that number has not changed much. So that total has been and it continues to be about the same and about half of that relates to the asset closure segment. There's another rather large obligation related to the nuclear plant, Comanche Peak. You probably know this that we -- there's a surcharge in the encore rates that actually go against that. We do have a large reserve against that particular obligation that grows over time, as that surcharge is collected and the obviously we invest in conservative securities to earn a return on what we have in the reserve to go against that.
Curt Morgan: I think somebody called it, I can’t remember which one of you guys called it, the building locks, just right and what's just right, look, I think for us in particular, we like summers in the kind of the 105, 106 range. It's a good sweet spot for us in the way that we're set up. But we can't be too concerned about what the new build situation is going to be. I think, we would prefer, actually, I would prefer to see stronger forwards out two or three years out, because I think it would reflect reality and that there's not new development.  Now would that bring on new development? I don't know. All I know is the previous time when this market came out and the forward curves did respond two to three years out, people built into it and they overbuilt the market and some people went -- there were bankruptcies. And so I would hope that investors would be mindful of that and because there's always that balance of wanting the forwards to reflect what reality is and that we can hedge into, but then the over exuberance of developers and to push projects and overbuild the market. It's really a delicate situation, it's hard for us because we don't control it. We have been very open about this. We run the economics on new build and we just don't see it on the thermal side in the forwards right now. And for us, the way that plays out is, as we roll into the prompt year, forwards keep popping up and then we hedge into that and we'll take advantage of it. What is I guess uncomfortable is that when investors look at it and you guys look at it, you don't see a higher forward curve and so it's hard for you to ascribe higher earnings power to the company because it's not reflected in the forward curve, but we do the fundamental analysis and when you do that, the supply/demand is not going to change, in fact, it gets more favorable for existing generation over the next couple of years. So a there is definitely a dilemma here when you look at the market and you say, okay, well the curves don't reflect it, yet, the fundamentals do.  All of we can do is take advantage of the volatility and hedge into it when it's above our point of view and that's what we're doing. So again, if you ask me what I would like to see, I'd rather see the forward curves come up and reflect reality in ’19 and ’20 and take the risk on the development side, because I think that people, it's not that long ago where people were going bankrupt and I also think there's no strategics right now who are out there willing to just punt down a billion plus dollars in ERCOT again. So I think it's going to be developers and then it's very, very difficult. I know this when I was at ECP, it’s extremely difficult to get financing on ERCOT based asset, even existing ones that we acquired when I was at ECP. So I prefer to see the forwards reflect reality. I just don't think it's doing that right now. That's our own -- that's our own fundamental view and that's what we would prefer.
Curt Morgan: So we don't have – I just want to make sure I understand the question. So, the EBITDA we are showing and the actual EBITDA effect and it’s on slide 16 from the asset closure segment and that's a drag as you can see on that -- if you see that Steve, that’s on 16. And then we have the actual cash expenditure, which is, just to be clear, in the first five years, it is largely the remediation of the mines. That's why you see that substantial decline and we expect it to further decline after the tenth year as well over time and frankly those have always been in our ARO. And it's just an acceleration of that because we decided to shut down plants, but I think Steve, if I get you right, you're asking, is there, I will tell you we have not pulled out the EBITDA, what you would recall, you could say that the drag is what the savings is, so we're not going to get the drag anymore, so that's, I think that's a way of thinking about, had we had those in there, that drag –
Curt Morgan: Yeah. And it actually declines a bit too over time. So we did not provide those, but that EBITDA declines as well, not on a proportional basis, but it does decline, I think into like the $40 million to $50 million range Steve over time. So you would see that also decline that benefit, if you will.
Curt Morgan: Yeah. I think what we've done -- we have some confidentiality issues, which is what we've been dealing with. So we're trying to be as -- I don't want you guys think, we're being difficult here and I think we used, I think, it was $300 of KWH range, I think the math is, if you take that, what was it against 12 -- against 1200. So I want to be as clear as I want to get on that, but that, I hate to be that way, we get some issues around just what we can disclose directly.
Curt Morgan: Well, we’re thinking about basically doing it on balance sheet, we like the returns and the spreads are just not compelling. So and a little bit about what's going on with PG&E, but they are still investment grade, but the spreads just aren't that compelling. So at this point in time, our view is, is that we would do this 100% on balance sheet.
Curt Morgan: Yeah. And the other thing is, Steve, you know that I’ve got enough battle scars on me, going back into the late-90s, early-2000s where everybody was project financing and trying to have mezzanine financing, all kinds of things, our view is that it's a lot better to simplify our capital structure and to the extent we like the returns and the spreads aren’t great, we’d prefer to keep our capital structure simple and so we are likely to do this 100%. Now look we could project finance it at any time, but we believe it's better to be on balance sheet.
Curt Morgan: Yeah. Well, first of all, I think FERC and I’ve said this at the Analyst Day, I'll say it again. I think FERC has largely been constructive over the years. I mean I can remember LICAP and ICAP and PJM, but LICAP and ISO-New England, [indiscernible] zero. We've actually seen much higher capacity clears, but I also will say equally that states are getting more and more proactive in what they're doing and – but I believe that PJM and FERC are going to come up with a solution that will be either net neutral. I just can't imagine them agreeing to something that when you model it out would be negative to where we are today. I think it will be at least net neutral.  I think FRR has the potential to -- and by the way the devil's in the details on what -- how FRR is implemented, because the details around that, how much load do you take out, how much do you credit against a single resource, which is a block resource against the shape, demand curve, how much do you actually cut out, I don't want to get too into the weeds here, but depending on how that plays out, FRR could actually be slightly positive to neutral. We actually have an idea, which I don't want to front run right now because we're trying to work this with a group of people that we think is – I won’t say it’s a better idea, I think it is, let’s put this way, with the way that FERC is constructed right now with Commissioner Paulsen leaving, you've got to cobble together three votes inside of FERC.  We believe that there's a path where we believe there's three votes and I think that's important too, Steve, is to get those three votes and be able to actually put something in place because the status quo today is not good, where they're able to offer into the market, where there is no -- there's no -- there are no restrictions on renewables coming into the market. There's basically three exemptions right now in the market, but we do think there's a couple of ideas that we're going to go forward with, we're trying to work as I said with a number of different parties to try to get people signed off. I think it’s strength is in numbers when you go to FERC and we think we're trying to – or we think we may have a coalition, but I think it could be net neutral to positive.  I think FRR is probably the weakest in our view for what it would be for us, but that -- the devil again is in the details on that. There are a couple of other structures that we like. I don't believe that you'll get through a straight move for X with complete exemptions that shuts out the states. I think if votes are holding out for that, I believe that has a extremely low chance of success, because I do believe FERC, I believe that part of their role is to try to work with states and some of the things that states are trying to accomplish. The good news is, there are probably some things in between that are good for the capacity market, not perfect, but good and would be good for our company and that's what we're trying to work on as a coalition to get something done that would be net-net positive, but that FERC could live with from a states' rights standpoint.
Curt Morgan: Hey Julien, I’ll add something. We did a study before, I think this is helpful when you think about combined cycle plants and given their ability to cycle on and off, that movement about 80% of the run time for combined cycles is in the money. The other sort of 20% of that is generally at sort of a breakeven type pricing and so if volumes move within that band, it really doesn't move margin at all. And we’ve modeled that and not only modeled that, we then have back tested it with reality and so there's just not a lot of margin in those hours.
Curt Morgan: And I’ll add -- we're pretty bearish at a point with gas in the next couple of years. I mean, there's just a ton of gas that keeps coming. And the one thing is I can't get into any of the details, but we have ways of doing this too where we basically stop out the down side and we do that on almost costless basis. And we give up some of the upside on gas and because our skew was more of the downside on gas, we're willing to give that upside away and we're able to hit our 3 billion plus EBITDA target. So while you're giving a little bit of upside away, you're preserving a band of upside in the way that we do this and -- but the key is, you're really protecting your downside, which is where we see the greater probability of occurrence.
Curt Morgan: And that's not that huge of a surprised although we haven't seen it recently, but that's because prices have been dipped. And so to have that swing in, I think it wasn't a huge surprise to us but it did happen and that because we had strong pricing. So I think, it largely has come in the way that we saw it come in and I think we were prepared for. The good news is to our integrated model worked. I mean, our generation generated value in our -- in some cases, our retail business had higher cost for the incremental volume, but those two -- the generation was more than offsetting. So at the end of the day, I think it worked out pretty darn well for us.
Curt Morgan: Yes. The short answer to that is yes. We have not baked that in. That's an optimization opportunity. We're actually in the process of running an RFP for a number of these to scrap -- sort of scrap metal guys and others as appropriate and I would -- I expect us to manage that liability down, but we’re being conservative and we have not put that against it, but I think [indiscernible] you saw that and that was a significant reduction of what they would have had paying on that and you can expect that we will be looking to do the same. I think, one thing I do want to make a point about though is that on the remediation, as it relates to mines, we have to do that work.  I think, we could offload it to somebody else if they wanted that land and there is interest in it, but we -- the point being is, with the dismantlement and recovery of a site with a power plant, you have some time to do that. There's nothing that’s compelling you that you have to do, so you can wait for scrap metal to be -- the market to be better. As it relates to the remediation of mines, you have to do that pretty much immediately after you shut those down. And then ash ponds, you have a timeframe, but it's relatively near term. We have a little bit of flexibility around it, but that's why we're out right now trying to run some of these RFPs because we want to get out in front of this, so we could see a meaningful change in this liability if we can do that, but we don't know that and so don’t want to bet on it.
Curt Morgan: No. I think it’s a function of where our stock trades relative to what see as the value. So, what I was driving to make a point is that I think we've got a couple of good allocation opportunities. One is our shares if they're attractive, but two is a recurring dividend and I think other than paying down debt, those would likely be the things that we would look at doing. Bill mentioned that we may do some things what I would refer to as an investment in our balance sheet that may use a little bit of cash, but overall, I think our focus is pretty clear. It’s pay down debt and then have some allocation opportunities that would return capital to shareholders and then there's of course other things that we may end up doing that might shore up the cash picture of the company, we might rationalize the portfolio a little bit, we may consider that. Clearly looking at the Illinois fleet and rationalizing that, if that's what the answer becomes, all can be helpful in the cash picture of the company. But I think those are real focus for us over the next six months.
Curt Morgan: Well, I think the MISO strategy is going to play out over multiple periods. I’d say as early as maybe later this year and in to ’19, we have some decisions to make and I think the sooner the better on that, right. If we're losing money, we have to make some choices and you would expect us to do that. Independent’s plan is a very good plan. We're actually looking at how our Independents could play in terms of the other markets that are adjacent to New York and whether there's other opportunities. So we have made any decisions around independents and we don't feel compelled to do that.  It would have to be a pretty strong value proposition and it would have to be accretive to us to do that transaction. In California, we're building a nice little business with 300 megawatt battery installation. We've got a good combined cycle plant that we think will be useful over the next several years. The site at Moss Landing has additional opportunity for batteries to be put in there and we know that California is going to continue to grow their RPS and so there's going to be a need for more batteries and we can work with PG&E around that and then Oakland even though it's a smaller site will have, we think is a perfect place to put a battery installation.  They need to do something because they're going to shut the current, we're going to basically retire the current plant, because the RMR contract is going to go away and they need that site, it's a perfect site for battery installation. So I think we could develop a nice little business in California, so that's what we're thinking about now is in California, but I think MISO is where you would probably see more near term action, because we can't sit here and wait for legislators or FERC or others to save us. We got to save yourself.
Curt Morgan: So, a couple of things. One, I think, the volatility in higher prices actually make it more favorable to buy books in ERCOT and that increase in customer count that we've experienced, in fact, I’ll remind to everybody that we're now growing customers, our net attrition was down to 0.5%. We're growing customers this year. I think it’s a direct result of that phenomenon is that people -- whether people actively go because they want to be with somebody that's a stronger, bigger entity or whether that entity raises their prices in response to spikes in prices and then that activates them to come to somebody like us.  We've seen it happen and we think we're going to continue to pick that up. And if we continue see tightness in this market, I think our ERCOT book is only going to benefit from that. I think what’s more important than anything, picking up the customer is one thing, but typically because of the way we work with customers, we can keep those customers for a number of years and that's really powerful for us to be able to get customer number one and then retain the customer and we've been able to do that. We saw this before in ERCOT where we were able to pick up customers and we retained them for a while. So this is really an advantage situation for us and this is purely organic really. With regard to growth, we’ve looked at a lot of books and we just have found something that we feel comfortable with and there's a number of reasons why, but whether it's value or whether it's a combination of that and we just -- we don't like the business model, whatever it might be, maybe you can call us picky, but that's precisely what we are when it comes to buying something in retail, because you've got to make sure it's real and we worry about that. So what we are doing because we've picked up a nice footprint out of Dynegy is that we are going to put an effort together and we are already embarking on it to grow our retail business organically outside of ERCOT.  And we will do that prudent, we will do it methodically. We're not going to get out over our skis and put a ton of money into it, but we're going to basically have a prudent effort to grow our retail business on an organic basis. We've done the work and anybody who's grown this business on a organic basis, you shouldn’t expect it to be 200 million like NRG came out with, it's not going to be that. And NRG hasn't performed that kind of number. If you're going to grow at 200 million or something like that, we think you have to buy something.  Could we find something at some point in time to acquire? Maybe. But I just -- I don't see it right now in the near term and we wouldn’t be interested, if there was a retailer that had an ERCOT position, because we can get larger ERCOT, we would be interested in buying selective books, if somebody was struggling and we saw a value proposition, we would do that, we would step in and do it. We have looked at one and maybe others. I don't know, but I do know that we would be open to that. We think this is a time of opportunity for us for retail in ERCOT in particular.
Curt Morgan: Well, thanks again for joining us on our Q2 2018 earnings call. And I’m sure we’ll be talking to you soon. Thank you very much for your interest in Vistra.
Praful Mehta: So quickly on the EBITDA for this quarter, you mentioned that this was higher than what you had embedded in your guidance. Can you give us any sense for how much higher was the EBITDA and obviously you're going to look at full year guidance as well, but is there any color you can give us on where that is tracking broadly.
Praful Mehta: And then this asset closure segment, just so we understand the NPV of almost 500 million here negative. You said there are funds on the balance sheet to kind of support most of it, can you just give us a sense of how much cash is sitting to kind of support this asset closure kind of investment over time.
Praful Mehta: And then finally, just quickly on ERCOT, there's ongoing debates on what's actually better for IPPs, whether it's the volatility like this and no enough price movement to attract new build or do you prefer to have the spikes and see some new build come in overtime, just to keep some kind of stability on the ERCOT market. Curt, where do you see your preference, I guess, what would you rather see in ERCOT and how should it play out.
Bill Holden: So on the front ability, you want to -- I think, we can scale generally where -- how much ours was. I don’t know what, we can’t.
Bill Holden: Yeah. Right. And then on the full year basis, we're not ready to – remember, this is against the higher guidance that we gave in May. We're not ready to do anything with full year guidance and I think that’s because, August is playing out, weather has subsided a bit in early August, but you guys know this. I mean, in ERCOT, weather can change on a dime and so we want to, I think it's prudent for us not to do anything yet on full year guidance and we'll have a lot to talk at the Q3 call around that, and you will -- and so I think it's better for us to hold on at this point on full year guidance. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we feel pretty good about where we are for 2018, especially given the fact that we had increased guidance to much higher curves than the back in the October ’17 curves that others are using.
Bill Holden: Yeah. And Praful, I think what we’re referring to is that every time an obligation for which the liability has already been booked for those expenditures and then if you look at it, the total at the end of Q2 for mining and plant retirement, retirement obligations was about 1.068 billion in total and roughly half of that would be attributable to the asset closure segment.
Bill Holden: It could be. The good news is, so there's a couple of things we could do. If we wanted to manage cash and for ’19, because it's really just a ’19 issue at the end of the day. We can do a construction financing and then – or we can work with our suppliers in terms of timing of payments. There is all kinds of things we can do around, how we end up paying the cash out the door for that project and so, I think, for modeling purposes, I think if you said 200 and 200, that’s probably a fair enough or you split half and half, but I think we can optimize around that and I think that will really depend on what the opportunities are from a capital allocation standpoint, whether that be additional share repurchases or whether that would be a recurring dividend and the timing of that recurring dividend, there could be other sources of cash that may come in as well that we may use against that as well. So I think we have -- the good news is, it's a ’19 issue. I think, it's a good issue to have, we can manage it and we could actually push more into 20 if we wanted to.
Bill Holden: Yeah. Basically, it’s cycling the combined cycles a little bit more in our model than it did in the Dynegy models previously.
Bill Holden: Yeah. I think, in general, it’s on average 60% over time. Now, Curt did mention that we have the potential to do some things going forward, like additional transactions to reduce interest expense, those types of things to become a net pickup for the balance of the forecast in the free cash flow conversion ratio.
Bill Holden: Yeah. I mean I think the biggest changes, when we completed all the secured debt financing transactions that we closed in mid-June, we were able to get a revolving credit facility that was $2.5 billion. The combined company -- the sum of the new revolvers that we had before that were a little bit less than that. So we've got – essentially, we were able to reduce our minimum cash requirement by about $100 million and that’s fled through into the cash.
Steve Fleishman: Just on the asset closure segment. So the slide 21 reflects I think the costs per closure but could you just remind us of the EBITDA benefits, so we have kind of the full picture together.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. My recollection is, you’ve already pulled out the -- part of your guidance is the savings from closure and then this is the cost, I just want to kind of have a full picture of both and maybe this is the net cost, including the EBITDA benefits.
Steve Fleishman: And then just one last quick one on the – just your quick take on the FERC order on subsidized generation and capacity and potential alternative FRR.
