Curtis Morgan: Thank you, Molly, and good morning to everyone on the call. As always, we appreciate your interest in our company. I want to apologize upfront for relatively lengthy call, but we have a lot to talk about today. You may want to grab a snickers for. Turning now to Slide 6, we have a lot of exciting news to cover today as our merger with Dynegy closed just under a month ago on April 9. Following the merger, we are now more than a $20 billion enterprise value integrated power company competing in the key U.S. markets with expected annual adjusted EBITDA of $3 billion or more on an annual basis and projected conversion rate of adjusted EBITDA to free cash flow of more than 60%.
Curtis Morgan: Yes. No, I think, it’s limited, if any. So I think we can do retail type transactions if we decide to do that. And I should emphasize that, our retail strategy is going to be – it’s going to be a dual strategy and it will be looking at M&A. But I will tell you that, we have to feel very confident of what we’re getting and we have to feel confident that we are getting a good value proposition, and that’s not easy to do looking at the retail companies that are out there. We have a way to do business and we have certain standards. And we’re going to make sure that what we’re giving is real at the end of the day. I think, what you probably are going to see the way you will see is a pretty aggressive out of ERCOT organic growth strategy that will put the lever down. And we think that’s probably – it’s like the more cost-effective approach to growing our business. When I look at it this way, Shahriar, we’ve got people out there that have grown businesses to $100 million of EBITDA and 1 million customers over sort of a three-year to seven-year period. And I look at that, I look at the problems that we have in our company why can’t we do that and why can’t we build the kind of business we like rather than acquiring something, paying a premium and getting something that we’re not even certain is a real solid business model. So we’re going to take a hard look at that, Jim. As Scott Hudson is here with us too, who runs our retail business, they’re working on with Sara Graziano, working on our retail strategy. We’re taking that to our Board in our July Board meeting. And I think, you guys will hear more about that strategy as well, and we’re going to talk about that too at our June 12th meeting.
Curtis Morgan: So I should tell you, Julien, I think I spent like $17 million in total. And so we got over half of that as synergies, but there weren’t a lot of meat on that bone. And our – as you know, even prior to this deal, our costs, we were at – we were one of the lowest cost on a residential customer equivalent basis as it was, just TXU Energies. And so when you combine what they had, almost 1 million customers with $17 million of spend, that’s why we saw such a precipitous reduction in that particular metric on the $45. We were – I think we were around $90 previous and we dropped it in half, because we picked up all these assets, because the way that they go to market, right? They do mainly muni ag type stuff and broker-related. And so their overhead structure was less, because they’re not doing like we do a lot of door-to-door and direct marketing type stuff.
Curtis Morgan: Yes. So – look, I will say that, we do have the combined company, Greg, we ran models on this is – has reduced its exposure to gas fairly significantly one with the retail channels, but also because of – in PJMs a significant combined cycle fleet and the small effect there – that we’ve added into us. And so we have reduced it. But I want to be clear, we still have exposure to both gas and we have exposure to heat rate. And that’s how we look at our combined power position to break it between gas and heat rate. The reason I feel comfortable and we feel comfortable, because there is exposure outside the bands of what we provide. But it’s our ability to access liquid, commodity markets, and to be able to hedge and to take that tail risk out. And some – we’re doing something now on ERCOT to attempt and I think we’re doing a good job of it in terms of how we hedge the summer to try to reduce the risk of that – something could happen in ERCOT that where we would go below the bottom-end of the range. I don’t want to miss – mislead anybody. I mean, this is a presentation where we’re talking about our company and what we think we can do, but through execution. But we still have risk in our business. But the way we manage our business and we think about, we don’t wait and swing for the fences, we find opportunities relative to our fundamental view in each of the markets, where the forward curves are above that and we take that risk exposure off the table. And by doing that, in fact, we really like the PJM market, because it actually has more liquidity further out into the market that we can manage that risk to an EBITDA outcome and we talk about that with Steve Muscato, who runs our commercial group will say, okay, Steve, this where we want to be. This is the EBITDA we want to hit. And then Steve comes up with strategies on how we can hedge, and how we can we can basically hit those numbers. So Greg, it is my confidence in our ability to commercialize our assets and use liquid forward curves to be able to manage the risk that we have inherent in our business. But I also would say it’s also, because we have, on the energy side, we have very low heat rate in the money assets, so that’s helpful to we have capacity payments as well as retail business. And when I combine all those and we stress, we stress our outcomes, we feel comfortable that we can hit the $3 billion plus and we can convert roughly 60% of that into cash.
Curtis Morgan: Yes so this is what I could say that we have two of the best sites in PG&E’s territory for batteries and so we are certainly considering that. And if you thought, Greg, you hit it around the head. If we thought we were going to have a business in California, it wouldn’t be a traditional generation business, that’s not gone. We had an opportunity to get into alternative energy sources like a battery and we could do it through potentially contractual arrangements and work with the utilities there that’s a business that we could get our head around. And that might even lead potentially to even considering God forbid our retail business. But the bottom line is, the business we have there now is not a sustainable business, but what we could do with those sites could actually create a business in California. So that’s it. And I would also tell you Greg that we should have called our battery section – session on the 12th to Greg Gordon battery session, because you’re the one that has pushed us on that issue about what does the long-term – and I’m being serious, what does the long-term outlook of these markets look like with a realistic penetration of batteries and renewables. And it’s a serious issue for us and we’re studying it and we’re going to share with you guys what we know. We won’t – well, nobody has the answer, but at least we can share with you guys our thoughts around it.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, that’s good. So to talk maybe slightly more qualitative than that. But just directionally in 2018 and 2019 when we look at just the fundamentals for the market and since we live here we see this, the tremendous amount of growth that’s going on in Texas, load growth seems extremely strong. And when you look at what the new resources are likely to come on between 2018 and 2019, there are some, but it’s limited. We actually felt that 2018 or that 2019 would trade over 2018. Now what I’d say is, there’s a physiology to all these markets and I think people got caught in 2018 in a little bit and so that played out in kind of behavior and physiology and 2019 hasn’t quite gotten to that further yet. But we certainly have seen 2019 come up as we’ve gotten further into 2018 and I believe it will come up even further as we see the physiology of the market turn from 2018 to 2019 and realize that there really isn’t a lot of resource coming on and there’s still load growth coming. So we’ve always felt like 2019 was going to be a little tighter, we’ll see, but it’s certainly seems that way to us was. The question for me and we’ve talked about this a lot is, what happens beyond that, but even 2020 it’s hard to see how there’s enough resources that are on. There’s no big chunky gas combined cycle play, first as I’ve said earlier when you look at the forward curves they don’t justify a plant like that. So we do believe that there’s going to be renewables to come in when and solar, but it’s just not enough over that period of time. So we still think that 2020 is going to look pretty attractive over time and that should pop up as well. And then some of that backwardation should come out in the market. Now backwardation I think is a function of uncertainty and it’s a function of illiquidity. And as you move close to those markets, we would expect those curves to move up. So it’s going to be interesting to see there’s no – I don’t think there is any more – there’s any deep pocketed strategic who are going to make a poor decision to build 2000 megawatts when it’s not needed in this market. I don’t see that happening, this is going to have to be merchant players and in an energy only market with backwardated curves and which is already difficult to get – to raise debt against. And then the illiquidity in the market because of the uncertainty that trading – traders have in it, it will be very difficult to go out and do a long-term hedge to support a newbuild. So that bodes well, on my view that bodes well for some sustainable relatively strong ERCOT market over the next few years.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, our assumptions are based on existing law at the date of the merger, so we’re pretty confident in the outcome.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, so a good question, let me try to attack it in a couple of ways. First of all, we sort of recognized the gas exposure. And I think I’ve mentioned this previously that we break our power position to a gas equipped position and a heat rate position. And without – I don’t want to give up our positioning, but what I will tell you is that we are mindful of where gas is and we are protecting ourselves on gas in both 2018 and 2019 to the downside. And we have effectively done that and I think that was important for us and we left ourselves some position for the upside. So I can’t really, Angie, I just don’t think it’s right for me to say much more details than that, because Steve Muscato is staring at me and I don’t want to give away our position. But we recognized exactly what you said. Now, we actually though, we actually have a net benefit in our fleet in particular the Luminant fleet, but our gas is doing quite well, I mean with the kind of gas prices. And one thing we are going to have Steve go through at the Analyst Day is pricing in ERCOT because I think there maybe some misconception about it. But in general, gas generators that Houston Ship Channel gas, which trades at a premium to Mid-Continent gas, Texas gas, and Waha. They set the price investors congestion from West Texas. What that means is, because Houston Ship Channel gas is higher, there are plans to source off a Midcon and off of Texas and off of Permian actually have a advantage relative to those that price off a Houston Ship Channel or Henry Hub. So we have a pretty good position, now we’re working on the Dynegy plans to get them better positioned on the gas over time, but even they are better positioned than some, but the bottom line is, our assets, Forney, Lamar and Odessa are really good gas positions. So for us we’re in a pretty good position. The thing we’re worried about and it’s a fair question is the downside on the gas and we have positioned our self to guard against the downside, because we think that in the next year or two, we think it’s downside risks. What I would also tell you though is that, the markets are telling us that they believe, it could even build pipelines in Texas so I want to be clear. This is not the same kind of situation that you have in the Marcellus and you have the Utica and other parts of country where there’s Nimby about or just anti-pipelines. You can build pipelines in Texas, so anybody who thinks they could come in and try to build on the backs of low gas, try to build a combined cycle plant that’s going to vanish in about two years, because there’s going to be gas, there’s going to be pipeline to get that gas out and try to get it to LNG facilities and get it to rest of the country and also to try to get it to Mexico. So that differential is going to dissipate over time.
