Curt Morgan: Yeah. So Greg, I will tell you that we have immersed ourselves into the battery world, and just to give you a little bit of insight. There could be some opportunities for us, seeing around some of the sites that Dynegy has in California. That's probably the best place to experiment with batteries, given the support they have. It is tougher in ERCOT. But what I will tell you, we are looking at in ERCOT too, around Upton 2, and what we found is that, you got to get in this, and you got to understand, and you got to be an investor to really get under the hood. But I think I have said this before, we believe that batteries are real and that they are going to play a role in our business; and you know you have got two options, when you are a traditional generator, you can stick your head in the sand, or you can participate, we view it as an opportunity. The solar investment for us in Upton 2 was a way for us to get into that business, and we did it in an economic way. There could potentially be something around batteries, where we could offer product to our retail customers that is battery related, which I think there some people who tend to be green oriented, that might like a product that's a solar battery combination, and we are working through that. I will just say that, we are aware that batteries are going to play their role and we are trying to participate, and we are just looking for the best places to do it; because as you guys know, you can't really participate in these new fledgling technologies and lose a bunch of money. Investors are just not going to put up with that. So we have to find a way to participate in a way that we can make money. And the one nice thing about us is that, our integrated business does allow us to do that, and you should expect to hear more from us around that in the future.
Curt Morgan: We do not see that, even with the enhanced forward curves. One thing about the forwards is that people probably -- we didn't really articulate, but it is important. Forwards really kind of popped up in the 18, 19, a little bit into 20. But then they come off, and I guess the market is expecting something to happen, like newbuild. It would be tough. By the time you would do something, put it in place, I mean, I just don't think that the forwards are where they are right now, and the backwardation in those curves would support the battery investments. It's really tough to make it happen. It's just purely a merchant battery investment that, would be difficult. But I think that we may be able to do that, supported by a retail offering, that had significant margin to it. We don't know yet whether that's something that our customers are interested in. But we are working through that.
Curt Morgan: Yeah. So that is a very good question. I think we have a target to get to a 2.5 net. I think when we get there though, and where NFPs where we pay down debt and we have excess cash. I think -- and that the investment community as well as the rating agencies have gotten more comfortable with our integrated business and the resilience of it and the stability of the earnings, I think we may want to turn our attention to a discussion about whether we can get a investment grade integrated power company again. And to do that, we think we would have to carry less leverage than the 2.5 times net, but that could be advantageous to our company to take that next step. And so I think for us, we would want to sort of walk before we run here, we want to get -- prove to the market we could get these synergies and the OP savings, generate the cash flow, pay down the debt, look for some tuck-in asset types things around our retail business. And if we could do that and hit the numbers, it'd be consistent. I think we are going to want to turn our attention to what's the next phase for the company in terms of leverage, and in terms of return of capital to shareholders. Clearly, that is a board discussion and will happen in 2019, and we were talking about that, we just had a board meeting last week, and we had this conversation. But I think in point to a very interesting concept is the 2.5 we are already in, or do you go somewhere from there; I think that is really dependent on whether there is value to go into that next level of reducing debt, and that puts is in a better position to execute our strategy at that point in time. So it clearly will be on the table as a discussion point.
Curt Morgan: Yeah, I think what we would say is that there is that opportunity to move in that direction. Remember we are very heavily hedged in 2018, and we did that from a risk management standpoint, not knowing if we were going to shut down the units and whether we could get there or not, and obviously that's history now. We have done some things to reposition our portfolio, that we think will be good for us in 2018. I will tell you that, the bigger upside for us is in 2019, and we believe that as we roll through 2018, especially when we see the summer, the 2019 curves are going to move up. That's why you haven't seen us take a bunch of this off the table for 2019, because we believe it will move up in the range of where 2018 is right now. So I think that's the bigger play, but there is still some room to move, and I think you are -- directionally, you are probably not too far off from what we see, this kind of curve dues left in it for 2018.
Curt Morgan: So on the combined -- I think you are thinking of combined simple cycle. So we have some that -- I have a guess on that, but I hate throwing out guesses.
Curt Morgan: I thought we had one time, steam we had done -- steam [indiscernible]. I will tell you what, because I think we have done this work before, and we could give you kind of what we think an on-peak five by 16 the summer would have to be, to kind of support the economics of the combined cycle plant. So give us an opportunity here to do that and then maybe we can provide it. I just don't have it at my fingertips right now.
Curt Morgan: Well we have roughly -- I think, we show there is roughly 2,000 megawatts of solar penetration, and what do we have there -- we have about almost 6,000 megawatts of wind coming in, and I think we would argue that that's stressing the system at that level. But we do believe, that that will come in, so you can add those things together. But it's probably in the 8,000 megawatts of wind and solar, that will put you up against congestion. We are also seeing, I think we have talked about this, I don't see a big appetite here in Texas, after spending roughly $6 billion on credits, to really actually help additional renewables get to the market. In fact, many of the politicians here now question what they have done, because obviously, they shut down 4,200 megawatts of coal and associated with that, I think with the mines and the coal plants, with upwards almost 1,000 people that were let go, those are voters, and they had to think about that a little bit. And then when you do obviously renewables, the amount of people you need to run those is very small. So I don't see an appetite to really expand that, but I think we believe that you could put in 8,000, 9,000 megawatts of wind and solar, and probably the system may get stressed at times, but you can probably find a way to make that work with the current system, maybe with a few smaller investments to make it work.
Curt Morgan: Well once again, we appreciate everybody on the call. Sorry, we went a little bit long here. We got a lot to talk about obviously, and we look forward to continuing our dialog about our company. Lot of good stuff going to happen in 2018, that we are going to need to stay both [ph] with you and communicate as we go through it. We are incredibly excited about it. We can't wait to get the deal closed and be able to come out and talk to you about the upside around this thing. We just -- in order of return, we feel like we got some really strong wins at our back and we want to communicate it, and we will do so, once we close the transaction. Thank you.
Bill Holden: Yeah hey Julien, this is Bill. I think our current view is still based on what we showed in the 8-K that we issued in January, where you will see we are a nominal taxpayer, very small amount in 2019. We did pay cash taxes on the margin -- sorry in 2018. But we did pay cash taxes on the margin on 2019 and beyond. The one thing I would add, I think Dynegy mentioned in their earnings release, that they have AMT credit refunds coming. Vistra will succeed to those AMT credits and the related refunds or at least any that haven't already been received by or filed by Dynegy prior to the merger close. We are still calculating the amount and timing of the benefit to the combined company, but I think certainly we think that those -- those AMT credits will be an incremental benefit to the cash tax schedule that we showed in the 8-K.
Bill Holden: I think the numbers in the Dynegy 8-K actually were pretty significant, and I think -- we think there is going to be real benefit to the combined company as well.
Bill Holden: Well I think the dividend would be, when you think about it overall, I do think that the one thing we have looked at though and we know this, but you know the conversion from EBITDA to cash flow over our retail business is substantial, right? It's almost -- its in the 90%. If you think about -- it's in the worst place that you could be, where your wholesale operations cover your costs essentially other than the retail business, and you just have the retail business generating cash, in the $700 million or $750 million range, and then a 3% or 4% yearly dividend, we will easily be able to cover that. And that, just from a pure risk management standpoint, we feel pretty comfortable, given the conversion and the total conversion for the company is in the 50% to 60% range that we predict, and that's obviously been improved, that conversion -- given the tax situation that we expect to have, when we close the Dynegy deal. So I think at the end of the day, we feel pretty comfortable with that kind of range. in terms of the trade-off, I think it sounds simple, but it's not. I mean, at the end of the day, we don't control the opportunities that come our way to grow our business. So we have to be somewhat opportunistic, and I think we will be that way. But I think we are going to be a lot steady here about investments in the generation side of our business, outside of maybe renewables that support -- and batteries and other things that support our retail business, and I think our bigger focus is going to be more around our retail business. You know this, but we are significantly long in PJM and EISA New England markets, and we would like to be shorter than that. So we are embarking on developing a strategy this year in 2018. We are already in the middle of it on our retail business that's outside of Texas. And it's focused on [indiscernible], not rocket science, we are going to try to grow organically, and then we will look for opportunities for acquisitions that we think have a compelling value proposition. We bring a lot to the table on that, one on expertise in retail, but secondly, we can wipe out a lot of costs that a company would bring, given just the scale of our business. So that would be the more focus on the growth side of it. The dividend I think would end up being sort of -- I think we can do both. So you almost can say that we are a value play to some extent, but we will have growth opportunities and we think we can pay dividends with both, and this is after we pay down the debt. In terms of how do we look at, where do we put money in a growth alternative or something else, including a buyback, whether we do a special dividend down the road, I think that's just purely economics, and where we think the better opportunity is, and we think our stock is so depressed, that we think that's a better investment than putting money in some growth initiatives will do that, and I think that will be the signal to the market, that that's how we have analyzed it. Well, I am not sure, if I have gotten directly to what you were asking about, but that's how we think about it.
Bill Holden: Yeah. So we are going to provide that Steve for the Q1 call. We are working on that and there is a couple of things we want to do. We just want to draw your attention to the costs associated with that segment, so that you know exactly what it is, and we are also going to give you a run-off off that. So that's coming, but we definitely understand, in order to really do this right, we have to provide you with those cash expenditures, so that you guys can value it as cash, right? I mean, that's the only way to do it. We are discussing, whether we want to provide a separate ARO for that segment relative to the rest of the company, because right now, you could argue that our ARO is somewhat of an estimate for that, but we have been discussing whether we want to separate those, because we are going to have an ARO for Oak Grove and when we closed with Dynegy for those plants. But I think what we probably need to do is show you that, and that probably is good of NPV look at the cost of those expenditures that we have. In fact, it's pretty darn good the way we do it, it's a pretty good estimate.
Bill Holden: Just remember, it has got -- our gas plants in Oak Grove and Martin Lake in it. But yes, that's a reasonable starting point on that, and then we will have to provide you with the specific information. And we really plan to do that.
Bill Holden: Yeah. I would say the one thing that -- I don't know that it went against us, because it was within our range, but it was in the lower end of our range. The EISA New England capacity clear was disappointing. And I think, it's interesting Steve, that I think it kind of indicates the flawed market, right? On one hand, EISA New England's [indiscernible], we are going to run out of generation. On the other hand, your market clears 463. Those seem to be inconsistent. The good news is, as I think they understand that, and they are trying to fix it to some extent, which I think is actually a reasonable step forward with the dual clear that they are -- I think people are calling it CASPER [ph], I think that has a chance of providing an exit for plants that really want to get out, and it's really hard to do that right now in that market. But that was a disappointing -- we were hopeful they would be more in the range of where it could come out to previous year at the 530 range, it came in at 463. The effect of that though is, relatively immaterial, and clearly, we think the upside is greater than the negative on that. But I have to be honest with you, we would have liked to see a better clear, and we are hopeful that these capacity market reforms will move things in a better direction.
