Curt Morgan: Yes. So Greg we were hedging into it, I think we have said that we are not basically taking the risk of just waiting for the highs of the highs when we see things above fundamental view we will hedge, so we get hedge into it, the prices moved up. We still have open position as you can see that’s attractive for us in ‘19 as well as ‘20 now and ‘21. So yes, that is what you are saying is that we did hedge into that previously before the recent run-up. And then the transport is both. We have seen an increase and this is in ERCOT. We have seen an increase in gas transport costs and then we also saw around Coleto Creek an increase in rail cost. And this probably doesn’t surprise you, but people know that the power markets have increased revenue and the power markets have increased and people don’t miss the trick when they can, they try to get a piece of that. And these are tough businesses because they are largely monopoly, have the monopoly position, but they don’t always act like monopoly. So I guess they do act like monopoly I guess is what I am saying. But we were able to negotiate when we thought we are relative to market, pretty good rates on these things, but nevertheless there was a little bit of a chunk that was taken out of us. And that happened, you guys know this too that we came out with ‘19 guidance in May and that’s why we had $200 million range around it and we had just done the merger and some of this stuff in that on ‘17 that you see is refinement of some of the assumptions when we took Dynegy’s plan and we melded it together to give guidance in May. We have made refinement since then and maybe we are a little more conservative in certain areas like MISO capacity and some other and retail in – the Dynegy retail business which is contributing to some extent to the negative bars on the waterfall.
Curt Morgan: That’s right. And the good news is about 105 incremental benefit, in ERCOT when you net the $30 million reduction and then you look at what’s up in ERCOT of that wholesale price increase, the integrated model is working, so we have a higher increase on wholesale than we do in retail. Some of that 30, though I will tell you, it’s about a third – a third of it is bad debt expense. With higher bills you tend to see a trend with higher bad debt expense and so a little bit as our forecast that we may see higher bad debt expense. A third of that is power cost as well. And then the other third of it is we just reduced the expectation around the Dynegy retail business. We – I think we have appropriately costed out that business relative to what the way that Dynegy looked at it and we just feel like it’s going to be a little bit lower. But I think we feel like we can build it up and actually increase that over time, but that’s what that 30 is Greg is those different pieces.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So that open position especially after this summer we are a little bit gun shot here, but that open position is marked at a lower level and it takes into account a lower – basically a lower probability of pricing. So, we do have – we have market that 1,200, roughly 1,200 megawatts. And the way we size that Greg is that, we look at our largest unit, which is a Comanche Peak unit, and if we were to lose one of our largest units, we want to have enough backup generation to cover that. And so that's how we size that for risk management purposes. But that 1,200 megawatts is marked at a lower level. So, we got into the summer and real-time prices were very strong, because we would release that 1,200 megawatts into the real-time market, you certainly can see a much higher earnings power from the company.
Curt Morgan: Yes. We are saying, it – the outlook I mean, within a percentage point here or there, but right now it is essentially flat from both a – an EBITDA and free cash flow basis. I think you’ve seen that our free cash flow conversion has actually gone up some from roughly 60% up to about – actually I think it’s 66%, I think we see that continuing, that’s partly due to some good management around our CapEx. And so – but yes that’s – that we’re seeing that as flattish. We also believe that beyond that there is a good chance of that as well. I mean, our view around ERCOT is that this tightness could persist for a while, we’ll see, but we feel pretty – we feel pretty good about what that outlook in ERCOT is shaping up to look like and we also think it could extend into ‘21, ‘22.
Curt Morgan: And then drilling on your other question about organic versus inorganic, I guess you’d call it M&A. We did do a false strategy went to the Board with it. We have a very detailed plan to grow out our business organically. The number of people we want to bring, the way we want to shape the organization, the market evolution, where we want to start and how we want to add to that. So, we’re going to embark on that. On the M&A side, we looked at everything that was out there. And frankly, given the evolution of our company right now, where we could spend our capital and the underlying value proposition at each of those businesses brought and the price that we would have to pay, we just did not feel comfortable that this was the right time for this company to spend somewhere between $0.5 billion to $1 billion into one of those businesses. We are concerned about high attrition rates. We’re concerned about effectively business practices and other things. I don't mean anything negative. I'm just saying the way that we conduct business and the way others do, it was just not necessarily a match that was comfortable for us. And I think it was a bit timing and we just didn't feel like this was the time that the Dynegy deal, we're in the middle of it, we’re I think we didn’t want to slip up on that. And as you can see that continues to provide very good benefits to us and we wanted to be able to integrate that to take on another acquisition at this point in time and the company just didn't make sense to it. We did not want to do something and then later regret it and that would have eroded the credibility of the company in terms of what we do at capital allocation. So what the reason we brought it up again though is that that does not mean that if we get into ‘20 and beyond that we would not consider doing an acquisition to help accelerate the organic retail strategy. So, we always keep that open. We look at everything. We have a dedicated team to do that and if we find something that we think is something we’re comfortable with that we can buy it at the right price and it’s a kind of business we like, we would certainly consider it.
Curt Morgan: To be very honest about this, we have not engaged with anybody – any of the large sort of emergence related shareholders. We have not engaged directly with them. The one thing I think we would want to consider and we have heard some feedback on this front is we would actually like to engage with investors and see if we can get an interest from other investors to join with us so that we can do a much bigger block and to bring either new or existing shareholders that want to increase their position along with us. And so I think we are going to engage on that front first and then we would engage to the extent there is interest. We don’t even know that there is interest. But we believe there probably will be. But we are perfectly comfortable doing open market purchases, 100% of this, if that’s what the way it shapes up. If there is something that we can bring a bigger block together of investors and we can do it at a discount in market which I think we would probably insist on and reasonably we would insist on that is that we are bringing liquidity to a seller that they can’t get on their own. And so there is a we believe there should be some discount to do that. Now there is definitely certain criteria around that and there is I would say normal circumstances dictate what that discount is, so I think everybody, I am not talking that we are going to get 50% of the share price, but there generally is for that kind of liquidity that gets offered to the market there is generally some level of discount. So we are going to factor all those things and we will see where that takes us. And ultimately we will see how this plays out. But we are prepared to do open market purchases and we are not uncomfortable with that at all.
Curt Morgan: I think you should assume that 6% to 8% growth into medium-term. I mean the Board is going to – obviously management team will work with the Board on this. We will look at if we are 5 years, 6 years into this and we will see where we are, if we believe that we need to adjust that growth rate we will consider. But I believe that first of all the Board has to approve and declare dividends. And the Board is going to have to declare the growth rate. I think we have said this and we have said it for a reason is that management believes it will be 6% to 8%. We will recommend that to the Board. Certainly we talk to the Board about it, but the Board hasn’t necessarily committed to anything on that, but I think they are generally in line with us. What I would say is though that we consider that 6% to 8% I think a medium-term growth rate. I don’t think that any of us think that’s 1-year or 2-year deal, I think we are committed to it for a pretty good period of time and believe that we can reasonably afford it given our free cash flow. But also I think our ability to grow earnings I mean we have got things in place right now for the next 2 years to 3 years are going to grow earnings more than what it would more than fund 6% to 8% growth in the dividend. And then that’s not counting whether we would deploy some capital to long-term to growth which I think if you are $1.8 billion to $2 billion free cash flow you can probably expect. And then we say this all the time, but over time we are going to put some capital back into the business. We are going to find an opportunity to do something which would also grow EBITDA. So we think we can we can support that growth rate with line of sight growth in EBITDA that’s in front of us right now, and then longer term, we will likely deploy capital, and we would expect obviously to get EBITDA from that capital deployment.
Curt Morgan: So, we unfortunately, we’ve got to wait to see what the multipollutant standard what the final outcome of that is unfortunately, it didn’t happen in the fourth quarter of ‘18, but we did get what I think is a reasonable and fair outcome from the Illinois Pollution Control Board we will have to go through another hearing on that that’s okay we’re not uncomfortable with that but we’re thinking April/May timeframe to get a final kind of outcome because what happens, Shar, it goes from the Illinois Pollution Control Board, they recommended it to a committee of the legislature it’s called JCAR. And then JCAR actually votes on it doesn’t have to go to the full legislature; it just goes to JCAR and we believe that it will go through as it is today and if that happens, we should be prepared then to come to the market, but more importantly to begin to execute on what we are going to do and how we’re going to create our final I shouldn’t say final, but create the business that we believe will be profitable now, work is going on right now, and so I want to make sure that and everybody knows that we’re going to be in a position to execute immediately so, we know if the deal goes through exactly the way it is now, we know what we would do and so, it’s just a matter of timing but we also have been contingency planning so, if something else happened, then we would be prepared for that, as well and that would include engaging with MISO to make sure that they understand our plans, engaging with politicians, engaging with the Illinois Commerce Commission, to make sure that we have the pathway to shore this up and there is a reasonably significant we believe a reasonably significant improvement in EBITDA once we clean this portfolio up and that’s what we’re trying to get to unfortunately, we’re going to have a little bit of a drag in 2019 to get to the point where we get a final multipollutant standard.
Curt Morgan: And, Steve, this was just us getting in and doing our own modeling, because we do a precise transmission modeling and we determined that we felt like there was some basis cost that was missing in the plan and then on MISO capacity, this is just our view of what we think in MISO capacity is going to be and we do believe now we have it properly reflected I would actually say, over time, we may even be able to improve upon the basis situation and manage that better but the other thing is on MISO capacity, there’s some things we’re looking to do, both through shaping up our portfolio in MISO that could improve MISO capacity prices, but also some things that we might some actions we might take with FERC that might lead to an improvement in that we will see that’s proven to be talked in the past and then, on the outage front, I do want to make one comment just on outages is that we did move some outages into 2019 that weren’t there those are, as you know, sort of nonrecurring in nature that was a choice to move outages in and so, to me, that is there’s about 30 million of that effect, I believe, in here and so, if you take that 30 million that was a choice to move that’s right, it’s on the chart 30 million if you take that and you add it to where we, we’re kind of back to where we were when we had previous guidance and then on the regional front.
Curt Morgan: Yes, so it would be so, those obviously, we didn’t have assets in those margins, so those would be Dynegy and then on the retail front, we took it down I told you about 10 million of that, I believe, was we took down the retail business and that is, frankly we just got in, we looked at how they priced and the transfer pricing between those and what we thought the true pricing was of that retail business and we just felt like we needed to move that down for planning purposes of course, we’re going to be trying to push as hard as we can to get as much value as we can out of it, but we think this is the more realistic view of the business and that is strictly the Dynegy retail business.
Curt Morgan: We do and by the way, Steve, can I mention one thing? But the other side of this coin is that the wholesale assets are up pretty significantly and we’ve been able to hedge those up, as well so, on balance, our EBITDA actually from the Dynegy and if you take the cost savings, which we could not have gotten on a stand-alone basis, the EBITDA from the deal itself is up substantially but these are clean-up items I just want to be clear about the net balance of all the things we looked at when we looked at the Dynegy acquisition.
Curt Morgan: Yes so, curves are a part of that, and they could be higher so, if we see the curves move like we expect them to as we get closer to 2020, we might even see that 2020 could potentially even be higher than ’19 we’re just marking that right now.
Curt Morgan: Yeah, we’re just marking and so, part of that improvement, Steve, is curves it’s also not just curves in ERCOT it’s also curves outside of we saw the curves move up in some of the other markets, which is why we’re hedging where we can in 2020 to some extent so, that’s part of it part of its exactly what you just said, which is we are also picking up value from OP and the synergies and then also, we’re getting a full year in ‘19 anyway, we’re getting a full year of Upton 2 but then beyond that, in ‘20, the timing yes, so we will not pick up I’m sorry I was going to say the California battery, but that doesn’t pick up until 2021 we have not assumed in these numbers that we have a pickup from MISO, so that is not in there, just to be clear about what are those things that are not we have not yet reflected in these numbers but it’s mainly curves, Steve, and it’s mainly the pickup from the value levers.
Curt Morgan: So, this is always the dilemma when you are trying to manage obviously manage what your earnings is going to be in any given year. We tend to do some hedging and we try to go in kind of increments, but we try to do, for example, for now for ‘20, we are about 30% hedged. We talk about that and say that’s probably a good place to be in ‘20. But we might go higher, for example in PJM and ISO New England, because the curves have moved up. And if there is liquidity, we might want to take more of that opportunity. We don’t see a lot more upside in that, but I would expect us to be a little more sticky on the ERCOT front as we move out on the curve. The real thing that’s difficult to really predict is does somebody do something that doesn’t make economic sense and then affect the curves in the future. We keep very close tabs on development and we have a pretty good sense of what’s out there. This is why I think we are going to probably keep heat rate in ERCOT a little more open than what we might otherwise do, because I think our belief is, is that this relative tightness in the market may rollout for a years longer, because we really don’t see the kind of development out there that’s going to close the gap and get us back to a higher reserve margin level. So, it’s a balance. Would I like to not have $80 million of negative against $185 million? Yes, but we made a conscious choice not knowing exactly how the market was going to play out that we thought it was right to take some risk off the table and hedge and we don’t look backwards. Once you do it, you make that decision. What we really are trying to manage too to be honest with you guys is we are trying to manage to a $3 billion plus EBITDA. And we are sitting here now looking at numbers that are well over $3.3 billion in ‘19, we believe ‘20, and into ‘21. And so, we feel pretty comfortable at times to take risks off the table knowing that things can happen and do in markets that can upset things. I mean, we could go into a recession in the country. That’s something that we have to be aware of and that could have an impact on demand. So, we are all constantly trying to manage what’s available in the market, what is our fundamental view, where do we see the sentiment in the market and then we are taking risks off the table over time. But I think we are pretty comfortable leaving a fair amount of that heat rate open right now in ERCOT, but I think you will also see take some of it off the table in ‘20 and ‘21 as those become liquid markets and we might have a negative against what would have been a positive at a later date if you marked it, but we are comfortable doing that just to manage risk
Curt Morgan: Well, I think as Bill said though given what our capital allocation program is, we are using most of our capital in ‘19 and ‘20 to either pay-down debt or repurchase shares and pay the dividend. We do have some available, but we are also doing as you now, probably, we are doing the Moss Landing, which is growth CapEx. So, that’s a fair amount of growth CapEx in ‘20. And then we have a few other things, some upgrades which we consider growth CapEx, some upgrades to some of our units. So, we are putting some money into growth that will increase EBITDA. But I think ‘21 and beyond is where we have a tremendous amount of cash flow coming in and so we will be looking at growth as being something plus some of these things we are doing, MISO, the batteries, those are going to add to EBITDA, so we look at that as increasing EBITDA. We’re probably going to want to turn our attention to growth beyond that period of time in ‘21 and looking for things to invest in to grow the business. And so, we would probably look at that starting in ‘21.
Curt Morgan: Well, thank you again everybody for your attention today and your interest in our company and we enjoy these discussions. We’ll be out – members of management will be out talking to investors and the sell side analysts over the next couple of months. It’s a pretty busy schedule for us. We are always available, Molly as I’ll put her out there – for phone calls to follow up if there are further questions. But we are excited about where we are going with the company and we feel like we had very good results so far in ‘18 and we think ‘19 and ‘20 are shaping up to be very strong years. So, thank you for your time.
