Curt Morgan: Yes. So look, I'll start with a couple of opening questions but Jim can then fill in with specifics and add his flavor to it. But look, I do think we've departed and we're going to depart. If anything, a message we deliver today is that we've got really one of the most rare opportunities in my career and I've been around a long time, to lock in significant value in the out years. The curves have moved up -- sorry, even out into 2030. The thing you have to balance, all of us do, even if you're investment grade, is margins and posting and having enough liquidity. And we feel very good that we will be able to do that. But this is a rare opportunity for us and this is a good news story. It's all about execution and we feel good about it. And then, of course, as these hedges realize, you got to run the assets. And the one thing that we've been very proud of through the years is just the incredible performance of our generating fleet to back up the hedges. So this is one of the best opportunities I've ever seen for a company like ours and we just need to capitalize on it. So philosophically, we are departing a bit and we are looking to hedge '24, '25, I suspect just given the way that the energy commodity price -- world markets are set up, we think this is going to be around a while and we'll roll hedges into '26, '27 and beyond because we believe that you're going to see a strong natural gas market for many years to come. So, it's a rare situation and one we have to step up and capitalize on. And Jim can tell you a little more about the specifics of what we've done in '24 or '25 because we have done some significant hedging which is rare for us because you know this, Shar. Generally, these curves are backward dated. And we are seeing pricing that is at or above our point of view. And we've told you that when we see prices at or above our point of view, we expect to hedge and we're not trying to pick the highs. We're just trying to lock value and then we just have to execute from that. Jim, do you want to add? You bet, Curt.
Curt Morgan: And Shar, look, we know you guys model. Everybody does. We want to give you some idea of this. But I think it's important to also note that I think the skews to the upside, especially given that commodity prices have moved up and that 3.5% to 3.7% range was a 4.29% [ph] vintage and we've seen a pretty big move up this week alone. And so we're just trying to give you an idea but the earnings power of this company for the next -- at least three years and beyond is significantly higher and it's just the realities of the situation. And like I said, it's our job now to manage that because it's not without risk. But that's what we do and we do it well. So that's -- this is a good news story but we need to execute.
Curt Morgan: Look, I think it really doesn't change much. I mean, we still like the value proposition of buying our shares. And so -- but this -- you know this, it's a function of where you're trading at in terms of your share price. But if you said, okay, what would you do if you have a pile more cash today? I think we'd say, we'd buy back our shares. But we also want to maintain a strong balance sheet for sure. And we want to pay a healthy dividend. And the buyback our shares has helped us pay a healthy dividend and increase that over time for those -- the shareholders of record. So, I'm not sure that we would change that much. We've said that we would prefer not to use the cash flow from the core business on Vistra Zero to allow Vistra Zero to raise its own capital because we could get cost of active capital there and we still have a high free cash flow yield. And so that may not be the best place to put it. So, I think it's the real three primary capital allocation buckets that we've always talked about and share repurchases would continue to be strong on that list. But again, that's a function of where you're trading at any given time.
Curt Morgan: Michael, if I can just add something too. The nice thing about adding this liquidity is that we can keep it outstanding and keep this on our balance sheet as long as it's necessary. So if we continue in a high-priced volatile market, we can continue to extend this liquidity and lock in value. And the annual cost of that liquidity relative to the value locked in, as Jim just said, it is very low; so it's a compelling value proposition. If we were to come back to a more recent historical normal level of commodity prices which I'm not sure will happen. But let's just say that we did. We can always then reoptimize the balance sheet and shrink the amount of liquidity that we have to the volatility in the marketplace at that given time; so we can flex it. And because it's right-way risk and also because we tandem hedge all the risks, not just the commodity risk but also basis and fuel, we have a high -- and we can perform very -- at a high level with our generation. We have a high confidence of achieving the cash flow levels that the hedges bring to us which obviously satisfied the cost of the added liquidity. So -- and this is -- right now and this works for us. Liquidity is very important to us; we have access to it and it allows us to go out and lock that significant value in for years to come and that's a rare opportunity for companies to have.
Curt Morgan: And Jim, can I add that we debated on this one, Julien, because if you take the $3 billion plus that we always say, that number is close to $2 billion. If you take sort of the $3.3 billion that we sort of, I guess, gave a wink and a nod to for 2023 previously, then that number is closer to a little over $1 billion. So the reality is it's a significant amount above -- depending on what you want to use as your baseline. And we looked at consensus, too. And that number is -- no matter how you slice it, it was at least over $1 billion. And so that's why we felt comfortable saying that. And those two, we tried to reconcile those, what Jim said, the $3.5 billion and $3.7 billion and what I said. But no matter how you slice it, it's $1 billion or more. And you can argue with the $3 billion-plus number, it's closer to $2 billion.
Curt Morgan: Well, I'll add to this, Julien, is that we have good relationships with the BN also with KCS. And then down with Coleto Creek, it's UP. And we have good relationships. We have long-term historical relationships. And I think we're going to continue to work and I am and so is Jim with the leadership of those companies to try to help us through this, especially given that we got a summer coming up in Texas. We want to make sure we have adequate access to coal. But it is -- they're struggling like everybody else on the supply chain side and having enough labor. I can't remember the number, Jim but it's like six to nine months to train new people on the railroad. So it takes a long time to get new people -- fresh people in and get them trained. So this is an issue. The good news is we've been conserving where we can. We're going into the summer with a decent pile. We'd like to have more and we'd like to see the train sets get picked up. I think we'll be able to work that out and this is something you just have to work together with the railroads on.
Curt Morgan: So some of our retirements are already scheduled because they are part of agreements that we have I'd say there are some that are not. And certainly, we're going to look at the whole suite of things that we look at when we decide whether we retire a plant. But I think the other thing we have to balance is markets are tight and we're part of the reliability of markets and also the affordability of our product as well as emissions. And so I could see a situation where maybe we would extend some of the coal plants. But we've also agreed to shut those down as part of the coal combustion residual rule at EPA. And so a lot to take into account. But could we say maybe go from '25 to '26 for something? We might. And I think we just have to consider what does the market look like, what's the need of the power plant. And it's not a foregone conclusion that all these are economic even with these prices. Having said that, we're economic people but we're also about trying to help with reliability in the markets that we serve and keeping prices affordable. So we'll have to balance all that and see what that brings us. We haven't made any definitive decisions on any of those other coal plants other than the ones that we have committed to retiring as part of some sort of a commitment.
Curt Morgan: I mean if I can add, though, I mean, look, the prices have moved up, too, though, on the wholesale side. But what we were talking about specifically about what we were seeing and we actually had factored in into our guidance was what Jim talked about which was that shift in retail margins. And we don't -- you know that guys, this is a little bit disappointing is that we don't give quarterly guidance. And unfortunately, there is a consensus out there which is generally built on kind of an assumption of the percentage of EBITDA of the annual and the reality of the situation is that does move at times. And we tandem hedge. When we sell retail, we tandem hedge with wholesale. And we knew this -- this was in our guidance number all along. And we knew that we were going to be a little skinnier on the first quarter but higher in the second and the fourth. Now we've also seen them move up a little bit on the third because of wholesale pricing. We'll see if that comes to fruition. But that's just how things work and we just want to be clear that we understood this phenomenon. And we don't -- we're not seeing it in the outer years, either. We think things will probably, at least over time, move back to more of a traditional split or shape of earnings. But it just happened in '22 just given the way that traded relative to the -- when we locked in retail.
Curt Morgan: Yes. Well, Jim, I don't want to -- because I'm not going to be here after obvious one but I would expect that just the way we've normally done is later this year, after we get through the summer and also, we've done some more hedging, my guess is we'll talk about at least about '23. And we'll see about '24 and '25.
Curt Morgan: Absolutely. In fact, I'm certain of it, that, that is affecting it because some people are -- they're holding on in the shoulder periods where the margin isn't that great on coal, they're backing off. Gas is having to come on at setting price. So yes, that interplay between gas and coal is going to continue until the coal can solve the issue. But yes, that definitely is having an impact on price.
Curt Morgan: Thanks again. It looks like we ran over time. Sorry about that. Great working with everybody. I'm hoping that I get to see people between now and August 1 and now that we're also getting to see each other. But enjoyed it and look forward to. You're in good hands with Jim and the company is in good shape as ever. So we're excited about the future. Thank you.
Jim Burke: Shar, the way Curt described it, it looks like a unique opportunity and we're taking advantage of it because we have typically seen tremendous backwardation. So we'll see prompt months and maybe a year show up but then the outer periods have not responded. I think on Slide 10, where you saw the curve moves, particularly gas driven but also the sparks that have driven considerably higher in the '23, '24 period, we decided to layer on more hedges. That's what gave us the confidence to talk about '23 to '25. As you know, we would normally talk about 2023 after the summer and we would generally and I cannot recall that we've ever spoken specifically with confidence two and three years out. But we're representing that in our materials today because we have hedged over 50% in total for that three year period a little bit more in the front in '23, a little bit less in '25. There's still a range around that and that's the important thing. And that range can go higher. It could also go lower. We recognize that. And that's why we talk about that range as a midpoint. So there's a chance for that number to go down. We would put this in the range of potentially $500 million, $600 million to the downside, possibly that to the upside and we think that's reasonable. And so giving you a sense of how much we've hedged and putting that out with all was important for investors because these opportunities, as Curt said, don't come around very often.
Jim Burke: Yes. So Michael, it is. First of all, it is a range that applies to all three years, okay? So we see all three years within that range. We didn't want to put out individual year guidance and individual year hedge percentages at this point because this is moving -- We've taken advantage of a lot of the hedging opportunities that the month of April provided us where we really started to see this move. But we're pretty flat over that three year period because we have a little bit more hedges on at the beginning when the move started in the near term and a little bit more open to the out even though they're still backwardation, the captured value ends up being pretty similar across that three year period.
Jim Burke: You bet. Yes. And Curt emphasized liquidity in his remarks and it is front and center for us being able to capture this opportunity and make sure that as we continue to hedge because we'd like to do that, we'd like to continue to put more hedges on at these levels that we have adequate liquidity. So you saw us increase the commodity-linked revolver so that we have $2.1 billion of available liquidity as of yesterday. That is very helpful in managing the hedge levels that we already have put on. We also are looking to do some additional raise and work with other counter-parties in a more credit efficient way which we can do with some of our first lien opportunities to hedge with parties and we do that already but we expect to increase that level of activity. And so our view is that did now is the time to make sure we have ample liquidity because we want to not only hedge more, we want to be able to withstand any further moves because the goal here is all this liquidity comes back to us, right? It all comes back as we operate and deliver the power through the various calendar years. And so it's relatively cost effective for us to load up on even additional liquidity to make sure we can hedge more because we know that this cash does return and just make sure that we have the line of sight and continue to bring the range of outcomes in the out years even tighter. And I think, as Curt noted, I think the midpoint of this range is skewed to the upside. I think the midpoint can continue to move up and we can give you that confidence as we continue to put more hedges on. But we've had great access to liquidity. All of our partners that have worked with us have been very helpful because they understand this is the right-way risk as these hedges continue to be put on and we have to post more. They know the franchise value of the enterprise is continuing to grow. That's a great place to be and this is going to be something that we'll continue to actively manage.
Jim Burke: Yes, yes. Sure. Julien, that was in the remarks we said through 2025, nearly $1 billion. That was a cumulative minimum value increase from '23, '24, '25 of $1 billion. So think about that as $333 million a year minimum, so that gets to our $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion which is higher than where anyone was really thinking we were ahead of this commodity moves where they -- we said we're a $3-plus billion business. Some would say you're a $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion kind of business. So we're taking that delta and saying assume $300-plus million a year, that gets you to this midpoint of the range we're talking about for three years is $1 billion.
Jim Burke: Julien, I'll start and Curt, thank you for that. We have factored in that even in 2022, it has been tough for some of the PRB suppliers to fully ramp up. As you would expect, as gas continues to move up, everyone is trying to get more coal and that's logical but it is difficult for some of these coal supply chains to respond. And some of it is simply hiring and having enough people to actually operate the equipment and some of it is weather driven. There's been storms that have actually disrupted some supplies. We factored that into how we think about 2022 and we have factored in the ranges we just gave you. So we are not assuming perfect execution on the coal supply chain. We do think, over time, this will get resolved either because there will be a more fulsome response to the supply chain maybe even outside of the 2022 timeframe before that happens, or gas may actually, at some point, dissipate and not put quite as much strain on the system. But it has been a challenge more on the PRB and the train set as so with the barge coal that we have access to for our Ohio plants but that is something we took into consideration when we provided these numbers. Go ahead, Curt.
Jim Burke: Yes, we had $3.1 billion available as of the end of March. We now have $2.1 billion available and we added $1 billion to the commodity rate revolving facility for capacity because of the moves, particularly in April. And we wanted to take advantage of hedging more in the month of April. So we increased our capacity some but we still have the ability -- we still have the $2.1 billion available to us after all postings that we've made to date.
Jim Burke: It has been changing, Jonathan. I think both the sell side as well as the buy side has -- see this as either opportunity or potentially risk if they don't buy long term. So we've been able to hedge both gas and power out through '25 with fairly deep markets compared to what we've seen historically. And I think that is something that has occurred as people are thinking this is not temporary. We've generally seen, as we talked earlier, things move up in the very short run and then you see some assumed corrections. But you don't even see that with the NYMEX curve now for the next 10 years. So I think folks are seeing that the complex is moving up. They see difficulty in supply chains. They see difficulties with some of the environmental restrictions that are happening. So I think folks are concerned about where this whole commodity complex could go. So there has been folks on the other side willing to make longer-dated purchases that we haven't seen the same depth in prior markets.
Jim Burke: Sure. Yes, Durgesh, what ended up happening post Uri is the first quarter cost structure shifted up remarkably as people started to conclude that the winter has potentially even if not more volatility built into it than the summer. ERCOT, as you know, has always been a summer focus. People have always talked about peak capacity and peak demand in the summer. Uri shifted that. And now we saw the first quarter part of the curve move up considerably. Retail has to buy that but they generally flat price their customers. We don't have a lot of indexed-based structures with particularly residential customers. So when we flat price, it basically means that the margins get squeezed considerably still positive but definitely lower in the first quarter than historical patterns. What that means is it really opens up the margins in 2Q and 4Q relative to what we have seen in the past. So when Curt was alluding to we have greater earnings power in the back part of the year, that's not assuming anything with the open position. That's just simply if you were to model retail margins on a monthly basis, you would have historically seen a better first quarter margin than we're seeing at the moment because of the shape of the 12-month curve.
Jim Burke: No, I was going to say, Curt, I agree with that completely. I think we need to get through the summer. Let's look at the additional hedges that we anticipate putting on at these kind of levels. And obviously, we won't hedge all the way up but we still think there's value to capture here. So we'll again, emphasis on liquidity. All this money will come back to us eventually but we do want to preserve long-term value and take advantage. So I think it would be prudent for us to talk about that in the fall when we give the guidance for next year. That will be a good time for us to update our cash flow and our capital allocation assumptions for '23.
Jim Burke: Yes. I was going to say, we have some long-dated transportation arrangements for our key facilities, James. So our issue has been less rail transport cost. It has been simply about quantity as it relates to PRB, getting all the quantity that our plants could consume in the higher kind of power price and natural gas price worlds. So we have been less exposed to the cost of transport. It's been for us a little bit more on the quantity side.
Jim Burke: Yes. Curt, I agree completely. And I would just add that if prices stay where they are and we continue to increase our hedge percentage, then we would see this range move up from where it is. That's what we meant by we were being conservative because we made this range off of the April 29 curve, James. And as you noted, they've moved up. So, if they stay where they are and we can continue to hedge into that, I would expect that you'd see this midpoint of this range move up.
Jim Burke: We might see thing. But as Curt said, we're not trying to get every last nickel here. So there's plenty of room for us to lock this in and move the midpoints up. And as you said, liquidity is a key area of focus. We feel good about it but we're going to keep actively working that so that we could capture this opportunity. Sorry to pick, Curt.
James Thalacker: Congratulations, Curt, It's really been a pleasure. Just had two real quick questions. Just following up on Julien's coal question. I know you said your outlook reflects basically the current curves on coal pricing. But is that coal pricing based on an FOB basis? I know that the rails are also having some labor issues also on deliveries and that could be impacting upward pressure on transport costs. So just wondering what you guys are seeing there.
James Thalacker: Okay, great. That's helpful. And just sticking along that same line. Do you think that some of the recent move in power could also be a reflection of gas plants being dispatched out of merit to preserve some of these coal stockpiles? Some of the more regulated [indiscernible] we've talked to are down to like 20, 25 days as we move into summer. Just wondering if that could be contributing to the [indiscernible] and the moves recently.
James Thalacker: Okay, great. Yes. Sorry about the greedy question but I was just curious because it seems the biggest delimiter that you guys probably have, to your point, is really just maintaining adequate liquidity as well as probably just sourcing liquidity in the markets, especially as we probably get out past '24, '25, '26, I would think that it probably gets a little bit more thin out there and so you might have to take some discount to sort of get those hedges on.
