Curt Morgan: And so lot of things in that. Number one, I will never predict the outcome of a legislative session in particular in my home state of Illinois. So I would say this sure that I actually think it's probably less than 50% that will get energy legislation in this session. I think we're in May the session ends within a month and I think things happen really quick with legislation in the state legislatures. But I would handicap it less than 50%. But in Illinois, they have the VETO session which is in November and I do think there is a higher probability that something gets done on energy with a new Governor and he's got other priorities. I just don't know that we'll see legislation on energy which is not in the top three or four priorities of the state. I'm not sure we'll get it done in this legislative session but I think ultimately in the VETO session, we have a reasonable chance. I mean it's hard to predict any kind of legislation. I think this one makes a lot of sense because we're cycling out coal and in the State of Illinois, I think that's really what the state and the citizens want to see. But we're also bridging the gap for downstate markets where many of these plants are very small communities that need property tax base and so it allows for a rotation of that property tax base. And it's also in an orderly fashion where we make sure that the electricity market doesn't get shocked quickly with a significant amount of retirements and prices rise quickly. So I think there's an opportunity there. With regard to this OPI and the interrelationship that that has with the overall MISO profitability, the way we see this is that we can either achieve OPI results which are with some of these assets or we into the extent that the OPI is not enough to reduce the negative EBITDA and the negative free cash flow to a positive situation then we will retire those plants either way, if there will be a significant EBITDA improvement, I think we gave those numbers that's $50 million to $100 million. And then the last part of your question, I think is around just generally the OP update. I think that is more of a probably a third quarter earnings call timing that we would probably talk about whether there is an increase, a further increase in our OP efforts. I think things are going well and so but we're not prepared yet. As I told you guys before, we want to prove this stuff up before we come out with it. And I think we need between now and sort of the third quarter call to get that done. So I think I hope those answer all your questions.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So I think most of it was really March and that was really predominantly where the strength of the quarter, we did have a good quarter. So I look at it like an NBA basketball game. I mean you can look at first quarter but you'd better show up in the fourth quarter and you're never going to know who is going to win until you get there. But we like what we did in this quarter. But I think it was really in ERCOT, it was a March -- it was a March driven quarter for us really.
Curt Morgan: So, good question. On retail, I think we are optimistic obviously, we'll close relatively soon in Crius, I think I've said this before. That was the one acquisition that we wanted to do. And when Crius came in play, we wanted to make that happen. We were able to do that and it does advance us significantly in these retail markets outside of Texas also helps us in Texas too. But I wouldn't expect anything in particular in 2019 around any kind of retail acquisition. What I think we're really focused on is we have the retail expansion strategy that we talked about before which was an organic strategy. And I think we're going to be focused given that we now have this catalyst in Crius to accelerate that expansion opportunity, we think it's a very good base to do that. So I wouldn't -- I don't know that we'll see really any kind of deployment in the acquisitions for retail in 2019. It's hard for me to say beyond 2019 though when we get into 2020 or 2021 on retail because it is an area, we'd like to grow. And so if there was an opportunity that suit our fancy, we would take a hard look at it. I think both retail and renewables are the areas where you could see the company expand through investment. And but I don't know that there's any in both of those categories; there's anything big on the forefront. I think this is going to be done more on a bit-by-bit basis for right now. And in particular given that 2019 is really -- we really have earmarked what we're going to do with the cash in 2019 later this year, we're going to obviously pay down a lot of debt we need to do that. We are held on getting to this 2.5 times range. And in 2022, we are going to pay down a lot of debt. Any kind of additional cash we would have, we would always balance as we always have, we balance between when we want to buyback our stock which will be a function of where it trades and whether we want to put it, deploy it, invest it in the business and those -- that's an economic analysis and we'll do that at the right time. I do believe though that we will be up for a discussion around capital allocation. I think at the end of this year probably third quarter, fourth quarter, because I do believe as we've executed on a big chunk of the capital allocation throughout 2019, we can then begin to talk about 2020 and 2021. We'll be given guidance on 2020 and we always like to give you guys a little bit of a preview of the following year. So we'll give a preview on 2021 and in that context, I think the company also then needs to talk about how they're thinking about capital allocation. So that's how, I'd expect that timing to come out.
Curt Morgan: I think it's a fair amount of what the ultimate order came out to be. I don't -- when we had done the work previously, our numbers were not that far off. We were probably a little bit shy of what others were saying but we were in that general ballpark. I think it's really our interpretation of the order and the impact of the order which was the big reason why it's different than what the other estimates that are out there.
Curt Morgan: Yes, good question on that front. So look we -- I guess I talk about it now. I mean we took a look at it and the market just wasn't there. We don't feel like we have a gun at the head in terms of generating additional cash that we weren't going to do a dilutive deal. And that's kind of what we were faced with. And I don't really want to get into what assets we were looking at because that's can be disruptive to the workforce and all kinds of things. But we took a look out there. We're always constantly be in the market assessing where the market is and whether there are what I'd call "non-strategic assets" that we could part with, if somebody is willing to pay more than we think they're worth. But we didn't get to the finish line where we felt like the deal was sufficient enough for us to pull the trigger. And so we felt like we'd rather run these assets than to do something that was dilutive and just not economic from our standpoint. But we're always open to if there is a better use of capital and if somebody thinks that something that we own currently is worth more in their hands, we're all ears and we will test the market from time-to-time.
Curt Morgan: Yes, that’s what I was going to say. Okay, thank you. I'm glad I didn't say any stupid. I think they're one and the same because the way it works because these assets we've brought them over we did not capitalize them because they had no real ongoing value. Everything we spend on those assets, say, it goes to expense. We don't capitalize anything with regard to the MISO assets. So the EBITDA and the free cash flow numbers are the same.
Curt Morgan: It’s just Greg -- I'm sorry this is confusing to me certainly but it's just the fifth center -- just the MPS and the optimization of the fleet. The transition payments as well as any EBITDA we would get off of the solar and the battery storage facilities are all incremental to that. So that is purely optimization of the fleet without any of the coal to solar and battery legislation.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So a couple. First of all, I think that's a very good question. And so I tried to talk a little bit about that in the script but I'll get into a little bit more. I think we also -- we believe in ERCOT for example that 2021, 2022, and 2023 that the backwardation in the curve is not fundamentally driven but it's more transactionally driven by a very small portion of transactions in the market meaning it's thinly traded. And we think it's a bit overdone out there. I will tell you that prices are likely going to be lower in 2021 and 2022 and 2023 than probably what they are in 2019. I think 2019 is probably a peak of the low-end of the reserve margin but that's all a function of what gets into ultimately gets built. But I do think that curve is a heck of a lot flatter. So one thing is I just think we're going to see higher contribution from the curves. We also talked about many times, the market is going to ebb and flow and we're going to have opportunities as the market increases or decreases pricing anyway in the forward curves based on views of tightness and we will be able to hedge into that. And I think we could construct a realized price curve that will be better and we've done this historically better than what you're seeing in 2021, 2022, 2023. The other thing is we have the Crius EBITDA, we have the up -- not up until, we have the Moss Landing and I'm sure we'll have some other things. So I believe that there are some things that are already baked into the system. And then the MISO uplift of $50 million to $100 million. So I'm pretty darn confident right now. I wouldn't go out to 2023 but I feel pretty good about that, remember, I've talked about this $3 billion plus number. I think we can achieve the $3 billion plus and I'll try to make that case. I mean we're not a sector where at least right now where the underlying product is growing much more than 2% in Texas and roughly 1% or less in other markets. And so for me to sit here and try to tell you that we're going to grow off of what is going to be hopefully a very big number in 2019, I can't tell you that. But what I've been trying to tell you guys is that we're a $3 billion plus a year EBITDA company. And what's more important than that is we're going to drop down 65% to 70% of that to free cash flow which is highly significant. So I think that's really who we are. I think we're a value play at the end of the day, we've got a good strong dividend, we expect to grow, and then we're going to have significant amount of cash, we can deploy some of that back into the company to grow EBITDA and we turned some of that to shareholders. That's just for energy, that's who we are. But I do stand by this $3 billion plus number. And I feel like we will be able to hit those numbers and that's what we're shooting for.
Curt Morgan: Well look, I mean you guys know this that there is a -- the way it works in Illinois, there's a big player and it's Exelon and I know that. And so Exelon is going to make some moves in Illinois. We think what we're doing is consistent with the things, they want to do. And so that's just the way Illinois goes. And so we don't have the big seat at the table that Exelon does. What I do think we have is, we have a very compelling and I think fair proposal. It's not a greedy proposal and it has a lot for everybody. It has something for the local communities. It has something for the environmental groups in terms of getting a certainty around what's going to happen with the coal fleet. And it also has reinvestment in renewables where that's where the state wants to go. And I think it's reasonably priced and in terms of its total impact on a customer bill, it's minuscule. And so I think we have -- we have a -- what I would consider, we have a lot of good things in that legislation which is why I think it has some strength. It's yet to be seen, where how high the support for it will go. But we've actually had really good reception on this legislation. I'm going to Illinois to spend a couple of days here pretty soon; I'll get a better read of that when I get there. Julien and I can always, we can pass that along through Molly and other, when we get back but I think that's why I say I think it's a reasonable shot here especially if energy, a broad energy reform bill gets moved in Illinois. And I still think that's got a better chance in the VETO session in this current session. But if it does get moved, I think there's a really good chance that this could get tacked onto it. And so that's why I feel pretty good about what can happen in Illinois. And clearly, PJM is a bigger, a bigger deal for us. I mean we've got more megawatts. Our retail business is going to end up being bigger there ultimately. And so that means a lot to the company and so we -- when we emphasize our time, we spend a lot of time around PJM. It's pretty simple. I think I can't remember the numbers but I think it's like 90-plus-percent comes from ERCOT, PJM and ISO New England in that order. And so we do spend a lot of time and I've spent time in Pennsylvania, I've spent time in Ohio because of the nuclear subsidy efforts that are going on there. And so we do put a lot of emphasis around PJM because it is important to our company.
Curt Morgan: Yes. And we do know that that's the other thing, Steve, is that we know they've been active selling. And so I just don't have the exact numbers but I expect that we're going to see a pretty -- a pretty material move in their holdings when it's 13 has to come out. I think we're going to see a pretty precipitous move here. The nice thing I would tell you is that I think both Oaktree and Apollo have sort of settled into a selling operation, if you will, that's been kind of ratable, systematic, and I think my own, I don't talk to them about this, this is not my business. But I think we try to do some large trade, those tend to send signals to the market. They tend to be a little bit disruptive. I will tell you that the banks that actually execute them sometimes get a little ahead of themselves and create issues. And so they've kind of backed away from that and they're doing this more in a very systematic way. And I think because of that, we've seen that -- we've been able to sort of incrementally move the stock price up while they're doing that. And I like that better but I think they've moved quite a bit. I just don't have a guess at the numbers.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So I will speak just quickly on us and ERCOT. I mean we -- I mean us and NRG. NRG does more of an average transfer price and we do not the pricing to retail in that market at any given point in time. So we should see lower margin -- contribution margins in retail and EBITDA in the third quarter than what NRG will see. And so I don't guide NRG that's just generally what we know about how it works. And we liked what we do it, the same they liked what they do it and that is a difference and that's so, I think that is a difference in this quarter for us versus them. Not the only difference but that's one of them. In terms of what was the other question -- was just generally around retail.
Curt Morgan: Yes, yes, okay. So well as it relates to what's happening right now on the ground. First of all, I want to -- because I know there's been a lot of interest as to how much could this end up being in terms of this favorability in our guidance. I mean look I will tell you that both Odessa and then our Peakers that we have out there, either plants have done well because we're actually getting paid in some instances to take gas. It's not material enough because we just don't have as much capacity out there. But I mean it is -- when we build our guidance and our plans and I think you guys know this, at the end of the day we have value that we expect to get because we're in multiple markets. We have multiple revenue streams and there's a lot of optionality in our fleet. It's not necessarily defined but we know we will achieve it. And so part of that value in this particular year of that bucket, I think is partly being filled by the fact that we have a better gas price or fuel price, we are spilling up the bucket to get to the guidance. And so that's why we're not moving things around. Plus it's just not material enough to do that. In terms of your question about can other plants benefit? The reality is right now just because of the pipes that benefit is exclusively in the Permian area. We're not able to get that but we are advantaged with some of our plants because we see discount pricing off of some of the price points that we have. It's still the case that the Houston Ship Channel gas price, the units that use Houston Ship Channel gas price still set the price for power from many of our plants discounted gas price relative to the Houston Ship Channel. Today that's the reality. That may shift a little bit as the pipelines get built and a lot of gas wants to find its way to the ship channel but that's also a function of LNG but also just the overall balancing of the system because this system will be more balanced in that scenario because there's a heck of a lot more pipes down there than there are in the West Texas area which is the real problem. So I don't expect us to get a big advantage, incremental advantage from Permian gas prices for our other fleet that's outside of the Permian Basin in Texas. But we already have an advantage of some of our plants because we have discounted gas pricing. So that -- there was another question.
Curt Morgan: Well, I think we have. So in my comments, I probably there is a little bit vague on it but I talked about the fact that California has been a nice upside surprise for us and it's really because of that. But also there's been some issues around gas which has pushed up power pricing and we saw that last summer, we may see that again this summer. And so Moss Landing actually -- for Moss Landing EBITDA, we've seen probably a roughly 20% increase in EBITDA off of just Moss Landing, less so at Oakland, that's not really getting much of that. And then of course we still feel like Moss Landing, we're working on may have another opportunity at Moss Landing for another battery storage project and we've got a couple other opportunities at Oakland on that side for battery storage as well. So what we like about California is we think we can create a reasonable EBITDA out of something that we would pay for and we didn't expect to really have much of an EBITDA. But your point is exactly right. And Moss Landing has benefited and we expect it to continue to benefit. And what we're finding is and this is why we made the statement about Illinois is these flexible combined cycle plants in markets that have significant intermittent resources actually can see times where they actually are used more and actually can see higher pricing.
Curt Morgan: Thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. As I stated at the beginning of the call, we do appreciate your interest in Vistra Energy and we look forward to continuing the conversation. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
