Kris Moldovan: Thank you, Jim. Starting on slide nine, as Jim mentioned, Vistra delivered strong financial results during the third quarter with ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.038 billion, including negative $2 million for retail and $1.04 billion for generation. It is important to note that Vistra's full year 2022 guidance contemplated that retail would deliver negative ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA this quarter. Despite rapidly rising power prices this year, retail's results this quarter and year-to-date are bolstered by continued strong margins and customer counts in ERCOT, along with robust large business market sales performance, partially offset by higher bad debt expense, and ex-ERCOT headwinds. Moving now to generation, the results of the generation segment this quarter and year-to-date have benefited from higher prices in the summer months coupled with outstanding performance of the fleet to be available to capture those higher prices, offset by lower prices in Q1 2022, lower generation volumes from coal plants due to industry-wide fuel delivery challenges, and higher than expected migration of customers to default service providers. With our financial results tracking consistently with our expectations, we continue to execute on our capital allocation plan, as described on slide 10. As of November 1st, we had completed approximately $2.05 billion of share repurchases. We expect to utilize the remaining approximately $1.2 billion of authorization under the upsized $3.25 billion program by year end 2023. Notably, as of November 1st, our outstanding share count had fallen to approximately 398 million shares outstanding, which represents an approximately 18% reduction from the aggregate number of shares that were outstanding as of a year ago. We also remained committed to paying $300 million in dividends to our common stockholders each year. To that end, our Board recently approved a quarterly dividend to be paid on Vistra's common stock in the amount of $0.193 per share, or approximately $75 million in the aggregate payable on December 29thm 2022. This is an approximately 29% growth in dividend per share as compared to the dividend paid in the fourth quarter of 2021. While returning cash directly to our shareholders remains a priority, we will continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet. Importantly, we have not deviated from our long-term net leverage target, excluding any non-recourse debt at Vistra Zero of less than three times. On our second quarter call, we noted that we expected to repay at least $2.5 billion in the second half of the year and we made significant progress this quarter, repaying approximately $1.4 billion of debt. We expect to repay an additional $1.1 billion of debt by year end. Finally, as we look to grow Vistra Zero, it is important to emphasize that we anticipate financing that growth by using primarily third-party capital. As Jim mentioned earlier, we have initiated guidance for ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA with a $3.7 billion midpoint for 2023. On slide 11, we're presenting the forward power price in gas curves as of October 31st, 2022. As you can see, while there has been noticeable volatility, prices are still up materially as compared to the prior year. Not only do these curves support our 2023 guidance range, but they also continue to give us confidence in the $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion of potential ongoing operations adjusted EBITDA midpoint for each of years 2024 and 2025. As you would expect, the commercial team has continued its execution of the comprehensive hedging program that we discussed initially on the first quarter earnings call, significantly derisking and locking in our future earnings potential for these out years. As of the end of the quarter, we were approximately 70% hedged on average across all markets for 2023 through 2025, with 2023 being approximately 90% hedged. On slide 12, we are providing a bit more detail around our 2023 guidance among our retail and generation segments. You may recall that last year, we also separately broke out our Sunset generation segment with several plants closing and 2022 in the very beginning of 2023 and moving from our Sunset segment to our asset closer segment, together with the growth of Vistra Zero, we are currently reevaluating the appropriate segments for our businesses. In light of that ongoing process, we have combined this Sunset segment with our other generation segments for 2023 guidance purposes only. We currently expect to finalize any segment changes by the time we share our first quarter 2023 results. I think it is worth reiterating execution has been and will continue to be our focus in 2022 and into 2023. Our first nine months have delivered strong results and we see our full year 2022 on track. We look forward to discussing our full year results on the next call. With that operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Kris Moldovan: Yes, Angie, thanks for the question. So we do expect the collateral to be posted as you can -- as you saw, we just -- we have just over $3 billion of cash still posted as of 9/30. We expect a significant amount of that to come back over the balance of the year and into 2023. What you would note though is the margin deposits and working capital, we don't -- that doesn't get reflected in our adjusted free cash flow number. So it's below that line. But we do expect over the next 14 months to receive a substantial portion of the cash that $3 billion that we have to return to us. And that's factored into our capital allocation discussions as far as the amount of share repurchases that we plan, the dividends and the debt repayments.
Kris Moldovan: Yes, Angie. So thank you, again. We continue to talk about being able and in position to spend $300 million a year on the dividend and $1 billion -- at least $1 billion a year on share repurchases and paying down debt to get to three times, which primarily, we can get there, as you can see, as working capital comes back -- as margin positives come back, we could use that money to pay down debt. We also still have some proceeds from the green preferred to allocate. But we're tracking well right at where we thought we would track when we came out with that cash available for allocation last year in November. We did upsize the share repurchases by $250 million to reflect some confidence in additional free cash flow. We'll continue to evaluate as we move through the time period. And as we have additional cash to allocate what's the best use of that cash. But we're still committed to at least $1 billion a year of share repurchases and the $300 million dividend and getting our leverage to three times -- just under three times.
Jim Burke: Yes, sure, Michael. So, for 2022 we were tracking a little bit above midpoint when we talked last time. We see ourselves closer to midpoint at the moment. I think we've seen some headwinds with coal constraints that we assumed earlier in the year and even through the summer. We were getting some indication that coal deliveries we pick up. That has been a slower process, not just for us, but I think from everything we can tell, industry-wide. So, that's one of the headwinds. The other headwinds that we mentioned is we picked up some default service mode. We did on that load last year and even as late as early this year before the price ran up. As that -- as the market moved up in the spring, in the summer, customers have the opportunity to move to default service, that's their choice. In addition to that there was one media aggregation in OPEC, that actually in mass moved all their customers to default service. We're not sure that that actually was provided for in the structure of the default service, but it was approved by the Commission in Ohio, those headwinds that have developed even further since our last call. So, when we look at the year, we've been able to offset those. So, we have had very good performance on the retail business, a good performance with the summer as we mentioned in the script, and so we had length, we were able to cover those headwinds, and I think the integrated model shows diversification paid off. But I think that's really the driver as to why we saw ourselves tracking slight above midpoint before, and now we see it on midpoint. But the operational excellence of the fleet in the retail business has been quite strong. And as it relates to 2023, some of the default service carries over into May -- through the May time frame and we also had to recognize that the coal constraints has been a rolling issue. So, we have just modest improvement now assumed in 2023 for coal deliveries. We're still not running everything that we could run from the coal fleet even in the 2023 plan. So, I think there's a little bit of conservatism and it's just something we've learned throughout this year that, it's a tough market. It's a tough challenge just to -- to basically free up the supply chain and have the train sets running and the quantity and the cycle times that we would like. So, we reflected that here. And I think the upper end $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, we mentioned that on our first week call in May, and we're at the upper end of that midpoint. And so we feel good about being able to weather this volatility. But those are the headwinds and some of the tailwinds that we've reflected now in this guidance.
Jim Burke: Yeah. On slide 11, you see the direction of the curves, and we've tried to, we knew when we put this out, the first week we made that we'd be asked for continuous updates on this. So we added potentially our disclosure on a more consistent basis now for the third call. But you see the run up late spring and summer, and then you see it coming back off pretty hard, we had been hedging through that period. And I think that's the value of the comprehensive hedging program. So, we were a little bit more bullish about where we saw things. Obviously, when you're in the middle of the summer and the curves were peaking and you had the un-hedged position. We were able to hedge through some of that, but the curves have come off, and we are actually still through this chart showing that through October 31 curves, which is certainly much lower than where they were at the peak of the summer, because we've increased our hedge percentage now to 70% across the years, we still feel good about the $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. So, again, it's a predictable set of cash flows as far as we can see. We obviously aren't fully hedged. But I think we haven't been trying to time the high and the low. We've been working through this and I think showing that $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion is still there and our expectations for 2024 and 2025 is a sign of that integrated model working.
Jim Burke: Yeah, we continue -- one of the things we've been able to do this year, which has been a benefit for customers is we forward by, obviously, as you'd expect, in our retail business because our customers expect predictable pricing. And so we've seen our rates move up on existing customers, on average, about 10% this year. So in the aggregate of the inflationary effects and even the price spikes of commodities, I think we've done a nice job smoothing that out for our customer base. As you look at what's going on when you move forward, we do have continued movement in our expectations on average of how we smooth out the prices for customers. So we have even greater margin realization as we go forward, which is a tailwind. We also are seeing -- we've had great margin management this year. We see that continuing. The count story has been very good at ERCOT and that continues. And even our Midwest, Northeast business, which has been more challenged because of the default service, price is lagging the same topic I just mentioned about the fault service migration. It makes it difficult for retail businesses to compete against that. We see that improving in the Midwest, Northeast improving next year as well. So, retail business is in a very good position. It's having a very good year this year, and we expect that to continue to improve. We also have a little bit less retail bill credits that we have as post yearly effect where we have no credits for settling large customers. We have less of that in 2023 versus 2022. So those are the key drivers of the improvement in that business.
Jim Burke: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Paul. The retail market in Texas is a robust market. We have done extremely well this year. Part of it is the innovation that you mentioned. We've been able -- in fact, we rolled out an EV miles program just this week. We have a lot of those flexibilities in Texas because the retailer gets to do the billing. We get to design the products that customers are looking for, and that gives us a chance to differentiate. And our accounts have actually been very strong in ERCOT, and we've seen ourselves hold, I think, this position of a trusted brand and that is one of the positives from 2022 going into 2023. These exits that have occurred in other markets are a function of the fact that some of these other market designs. They still don't let the retailer do the billing, but still competing against default rates. And those default rates lag, like we've seen a lag this year in particular, it becomes unprofitable to stay in some of these markets. And so you end up in these boom bust cycles. In fact, I think the default markets could end up seeing peak pricing, and then you'll see the retailers rush back in and pull these customers off default. So there were two things happened. On New York, we actually left the New York market because the regulatory scheme you had to offer a discount to the default rate. So that became untenable once the default rate is not moving and you have to offer a discount to that, it becomes unprofitable is unfortunate, because it was a very good customer base. But we have to look at this and be realistic that if the market design is not there to be able to recover your cost, you need to exit. Connecticut was a different story prior to our acquisition of Crius. There was concern from the regulatory body about some of the bill disclosures and when contract term would end for customers, they wanted to see us settle that matter. And one of the terms of settlement was, they asked us to give up our licenses in Connecticut. It's happened before we ever got the business. It seemed shortsighted from the standpoint that the customer impact wasn't even determined to necessarily be negative. It was a question about how clear was the disclosure around the termination of a contract plan, but as I mentioned earlier, if you're competing against default rates, and you do not have the ability to differentiate your product with the customer. You're essentially a line item on a bill and you're competing on price and that's a difficult proposition. So we have to work to change the mindset of some of these marketplaces to be able to open them up to differentiation. I do think other brands entering the space like Tesla, Shell, BP, can help bring other voices to the table. I think a lot of this is the follow on to the polar vortex in 2014, where there was a lot of concern about how retailers needed to try to recover their cost and prices were moving very, very quickly. And we've got to restore confidence in some of these other markets outside of Texas to be able to differentiate like we do here.
Jim Burke: I think, Angie, what we're seeing in the disclosures from the EBITDA to free cash flow is that we are seeing obviously, from EBITDA to free cash flow, we see some drivers through CapEx and interest expense. We are expecting the return of working capital and margin deposits net through 2023 and we'll see that as part of our capital allocation, as Kris mentioned, with our share buybacks or dividends and obviously, our debt pay down.
Jim Burke: Yes. Sure. Well, there's a number of things. Even the 90% still has quite a bit at elevated prices that unhedged part is still a meaningful part of the various drivers. We also assume that there's volatility in the marketplace, and that volatility is something we can capture, and that's what we did over the month of July when we had higher prices, tighter supply demand. We saw that some in PJM. We obviously saw it a little bit in CAISO. So we assume that there's an element of volatility in the marketplace and that we can capture some of that, either because prices move up and we're able to capture that incremental output at a higher margin. Or if prices actually move down, we can actually not run the assets and buy back in the marketplace. And that's sort of what we call extrinsic value is part of the value that we anticipate when we set guidance. So that's part of the expectations that we said when we put the $3.7 billion out in the market. We also have some assumption. I said it's modest of coal being able to be delivered slight improvement over 2022 actuals. It could still move south from here. I mean, we do not know how all of this is going to get resolved. They're still in negotiation. They're trying to get the rail agreement that would work for all of the unions involved. But we don't have perfect foresight into how that will play out. That also could be a positive. We can actually get past that and get to the sense that we already have security to get the cycle times where they need to be, that would be upside potentially to our guidance. And then lastly, we still have weather variance even in retail. We do hedge retail conservatively and have paid off for our customer base this year. It's paid off for our retail performance. But if you had mild weather, you could actually find yourself long power in the retail business and having to sell that back in the market at reduced prices. And so when prices get elevated, then the variances around and volumetrically become bigger on a dollar basis. That's why we kept about an 8% band around the midpoint similar to prior years, just larger on an absolute basis.
Jim Burke: Yes, I want to thank you again for joining us this morning. We're excited about Vistra's continued value proposition, and we appreciate your continued interest investor, and we look forward to speaking to you again in a few months when we will discuss our fourth quarter and our full year performance. Have good morning. Thank you.
