Bill Holden: Thanks, Sara. I'll start with the financial results on Slide 13. As Curt highlighted at the beginning of the call, adjusted EBITDA for Vistra Energy was $345 million for the second quarter and $621 million for the year-to-date. For the quarter, TXU Energy delivered $219 million of adjusted EBITDA, very solid performance for what was a mild weather spring. To get a better sense of the second quarter weather in archive, we included a chart on the right side of Slide 23 in the appendix showing the 10-year average for combined heating and cooling degree days in the North Central Texas load bucket. You can see that energy degree days in each of April, May and June were lower than the 10-year average, negatively impacting TXU Energy's volumes for the period. Despite headwinds from these mild weather conditions, TXU Energy delivered solid adjusted EBITDA in the quarter as a result of strong margins and cost management. Moreover, Vistra Energy's net residential attrition in the quarter of only 1.15%, represents our best second quarter performance of organic customer acquisition and retention since 2008. The retail team continues to focus on the customer experience and overall customer satisfaction levels to drive residential net attrition rate to near zero. This relentless focus on the customer experience as evidenced by TXU Energy's customer satisfaction scores for the quarter, which were at or near all-time record highs across all major reporting categories. Once again our commitment to customer service, product innovation and margin and cost management have led to solid financial results by our retail segment in the quarter. Now turning to our wholesale segment. Luminant's EBITDA contribution for the quarter was $134 million, impressive results given that $26 million negative impact of the Comanche Peak Unit 2 outage in June. The negative impact of this unplanned outage was offset by favorable fuel and O&M expense, including those realized from completed OP reviews and also by increased generation from our legacy coal plants during the period. Following the solid second quarter performance by our integrated portfolio, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance in the range of $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion for adjusted EBITDA and in the range of $745 million to $925 million for adjusted free cash flow. Now turning to Slide 14. We've updated our hedge profile and related sensitivity as of June 30, 2017. As you can see, we remain nearly fully hedged for 2017, materially mitigating the effects of potential natural gas and rate movements on our financial results for the balance of the year. We are also now 66% hedged on a natural gas equivalent basis and 51% hedged on a heat rate basis in 2018, further narrowing the potential volatility of our future earnings profile. Our commercial operations team has added these incremental hedges on an opportunistic basis as is our normal practice. Last, turning to Slide 15. Our capital structure remains unchanged from our prior earnings call. Our pro forma 2017 net leverage remains the low two times adjusted EBITDA, even after accounting for the cash outflows related to the closing of the Odessa transaction on August 1 and the construction of the Upton 2 solar facility, which for simplicity, we have conservatively assume does not include any project financing. As always, we will remain mindful of our total leverage, striving to maintain a healthy balance sheet that will afford financial flexibility in the years to come. With that, operator, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Bill Holden: And just to be clear, the numbers Curt pointed were heat rates hedges, and that’s really where we saw the movement in the back years.
Bill Holden: A couple of things. We also have the expenditures for Upton 2, which as I mentioned, we're assuming we're not arranging any project financing. The total Upton 2 expenditures are around $200 million, just a little longer maybe.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So we've done - I think we've done a modest amount of work on it. Obviously, we can speak to the Texas market. I'm not - they've got a broader retail business, so I don't know how much of what they've talked about is outside of ERCOT. What I would tell you inside of ERCOT is, first and foremost, this is a competitive market. So just saying you're going to increase prices will have a competitive effect to it, and if it's not coupled with some value-enhancing product and service offering that customers value, it's purely announcing that you're going to increase prices to customers. We wouldn't do that, Neel. We're not going to do it, and we don't follow our competitors just as they do that. No, I'm not saying anything about what they're doing, because I don't know, there's not a lot of detail, not a lot of meat on the bone on this as to what they're going to do. What I will tell you is that we've had a leadership role at TXU Energy and constantly be on the front in offering new products and services, and that has enabled us to basically have an industry-leading margin position in the market. We are in the middle of several initiatives that we work on, and we just announced one recently with the solar days and free nights. That was another step forward. I'll tell you this, too, Neel, that this is hard work. You kick in, it takes time. And we would never come out and announce the stuff ahead of time because you have to come up with product development based on what you think customer needs are. You have to test it. And before I would ever come out and tell you anything about it, I would need to see it. We would need to see it. We would put it in place and make sure that it's just working before we would talk about it. That's a long way, I guess, of saying to you that you're not going to hear anything about $200 million margin enhancement from us. What we can tell you is we constantly work to improve our product offering, and we've actually, saw in 2016, you saw this, we actually had improved margins. We continually look to improve our margins. And so we’d be interested to see, though, there are smart people over there at NRG, we're constantly mining information from others. We don't mind being a fast follower if there’s an idea we're missing. So we're anxious to see that. We want them to be successful, but that's just not what we would do. And we're not so - if anybody's waiting for some kind of announcement around that, it's not going to happen. 
Curt Morgan: Well, first of all, so there are various locations where gas is accessed by gas fuel generators. Obviously, the Houston ship channel, which trades at just -- it's almost at parity with Henry Hub, which is, I think, right now probably - I think the Permian is around $0.40, $0.45, and then I think Waha is around $0.34, $0.35, and so Permian has got about $0.10, I think, somewhat in that range differential. But I think we’ve said this before that what’s really important is what units set price and what gas do they source from. In Houston ship channel, from a gas perspective, it is where price is set in ERCOT. And given that’s the higher cost, that gives you the relative advantage if you’re accessing gas from the Permian or Waha. I’d also tell you that a lot of our plants are accessing from Mid-Continent, which is - it’s not quite at Waha, but it’s fairly close at a discount. So we have an advantage for our assets , and there may be others who have that, too. I’m only speaking to what we have. We have an advantaged fuel position in the Permian for our assets, and we expect that to continue for some time.
Curt Morgan: It is, Ali. I think the reason I’ve said this in the past is - and I think it still exists although I will tell you there is a plethora of people wanting to sell assets right now in the marketplace, and that’s both individual assets and then portfolios of assets. But typically, the single asset, smaller asset portfolios have guard more people at auction, and they’ve been sold through auctions and you’ve seen this. The private equity firms have actually been very much involved in that process, and so the relative pricing has been higher. And then when you look at that relative to where the public companies in our sector are trading, there is clearly a discount. Now it all has to do then with what premium do you pay and do you somehow pay a way that discount why we’ve always said we want to be disciplined in that regard. And we would be fair and disciplined around that. But the other thing, I think, that’s very important is that the synergies that I think exist and we think exist in a larger scale deal is there are scale economies especially around corporate center and support costs, those could be quite substantial. And that’s why we also look - had looked at larger sort of publicly traded companies because there really is a big value proposition on the synergy side.
Curt Morgan: I do - yes, it is a factor in our thinking. I do think that the relative size of the company is important. But I think it has to be coupled also though with a performance. So if you’re big and you’re poor performer, that won’t necessarily help. But I do believe that size, in this instance, matters. I think it matters also not just liquidity, but from economies of scale standpoint. So it is a function there. I’d also say that we have been pretty clear about the fact that we don’t feel compelled to diversify outside of ERCOT to the retail position. But I will tell you that there are benefits to diversification even for a company like ours. And I think you see this a little bit right now where weather patterns are different. And when you’re a single-state company, we kind of roll with Texas weather. And that can be different, obviously, in PJM or ISO New England in any given year and that’s helpful. So we can see some benefits. I think the other thing is a benefit, and it really kind of struck me a little bit when we dissected the energy transformation plant is the downside protection that capacity markets offer is pretty formidable. You can have a low-performing, low-capacity factor set of assets and you can still have pretty good margin and revenue stream from them because of the capacity market. And so that is something you that we factor into this as well. So we take a lot of factors in, but those are - some of the other ones that we would look out and that’s all from the diversification. A lot of people use that word, but there are some real reasons why diversifying and then I’ll throw the last one is just pure market. This market will risk and then you’ve got political and regulatory risk. That when we don’t feel strong - as strongly about we think we’re in the best market from a political and regulatory standpoint in the country. But the other ones, I think, are pretty important.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So I don’t think it’s a mutually exclusive thing, so - but I would say is that and I said this before as well that I think if you’re going to be an acquisitive company, you’re going to try to grow, you need to grow at the bottom of the cycle. I think we have hit who knows whether it’s the true bottom or not, but we’re pretty down close to it in ERCOT now the Exelon 2,000 megawatts have come online. And so we believe this would be the best time to rotate our supply base into more flexible gas assets for a variety of reasons. So I think from a growth perspective in ERCOT, this is the time is now for us. And of course, we’ve got some other decisions to make around our portfolio, so we are focused on that. But that doesn’t mean given our strong cash flow and our strong liquidity position right now, that doesn’t mean we could not come out also while we were pursuing that growth and do some sort of a share buybacks. Now that we are working on and we think we have a path to be able to do that, I expect us to continually evaluate a share repurchase program and be ready to do that and talk to the board about it. If we decide, it's the right thing to do. I think I've also said that just a multitude of share repurchases is not a strategy. I think if you do it because you think that you want to support the value of your stock, then you also have to support it in other ways and you've got to be able to grow and also to perform to show that you believe that your stock price should be higher. So we would use it as a tool, a combination with everything else. We're not going to do five of them in the next 1.5 years, but we do believe that it is something that we should take a look at and we'll continue to evaluate.
Curt Morgan: I think that’s an excellent question, and it does play into our thinking. We -- I also said in my prepared remarks today and I've said this before that for us to do something, we would have to stress the performance of any potential target -- we have to look at those markets under a number of scenarios. And they would have to be resilient, even in our mind, even in the downside scenarios. Now look, the size of the synergies can solve a lot of that, and that's why that's so important. But I will say that market risk and where markets are in the cycle, and it's not just that a worry a little bit about the continued, what we believe to be uneconomic build of combined cycles in PJM. I think ISO New England is in a better position than PJM right now, and I'll explain that. But what I'll say around the Zacks, and I'll speak predominantly around PJM because it's where they're really front and center. I have very high confidence that there will be a mitigation measure will be put in place something like PJM has put out on the capacity market, which will exclude effectively the nuclear assets and also remove the - sort of the commensurate amount of load. Now that in and of itself is not a great outcome, but it is at least a reasonable outcome. I believe the work, though, that PJM is doing on their energy market in terms of making sure that energy price formation takes into account resources that are used to support the market, but that currently do not get into setting price in the market is, in my mind, the single most important thing that PJM can and should do. In fact, we're going to talk about it here in ERCOT. We think that's something that ERCOT look at as well. I think it's a highly important change. I think that PJM will get that through. And so the solution around Zacks, while I understand why it was through courts, that the court battle is, frankly, I think the courts were effectively saying this isn't really our deal. I think that while PJM and FERC will put in measures to counter it and I don't like it. I don't like anything out in a market, but I do believe that they're going to do some good things. I spent time with the CEO of PJM, and I feel very confident that FERC will support what they want to do there. And ISO New England, I would tell you that I think what they're doing around their capacity market, I believe, it’s quite good. And I hope that they're successful in putting that in place as well. In fact, I think the ISO New England methodology is probably on point more capacity marked improvement than the PJM one. And I'll leave it at that. But we are all over this because if we're ever going to do anything, we should know. And I should remind you guys, you guys know this, but I spent most of my career working in the PJM New York and ISO New England markets. So I still have some knowledge of that.
Curt Morgan: Yes, there's more to come on the fossil side. So I'll just say to give the great job on this, but this is sort of what we go back and idea of you've got to see it to believe it before you say it and you go out externally and you toot your horn. We needed to make sure that we were getting the stuff inside the plant. It's not like reducing heads. When you say you're going to get a heat rate reduction in something, you want to see it -- you better run for a while.  So we're just giving you guys now what we know is real and obtainable, and then we're working through the remainder. So there could still be some that come out of Martin Lake, in Oak Grove and Sandow that we haven't put out there. Of course, we've got other plants too, that we're working on, including gas field plants. And then of course, we - we made Sandow stuff at Comanche at some point too. But there's more to come here and we expect that we'll be able to tell you on our third quarter call. We'll tell you more of it. If we did the Sandow stuff at Comanche, we won't have that obviously at Q3. But we still got more work to do.
Curt Morgan: That's a good question. I don't know that we pinpointed it. You may be part of that call. So I think it very well could be. So we haven't really had a strong discussion around that, but I'm guessing it could be commensurate with that call.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So hang on just a minute, we're just looking for the numbers. Let me -- can I make one other -- oh, there they are. So let me make one comment, though, just because I think it's important and we got this discussion all time internally. I'm not sure how much we talk about it externally. But when we wake up every day, we're sort of volumetrically -- not sort of we're pretty volumetrically hedged for about 60% of our long position from our wholesale business because of our retail position. The thing we haven't settled for that is what the price is going to be between wholesale and retail, and that's a function of when we decide to actually walk in on retail.  We’ll then hit come in and hedge behind that to make sure that we have a solid transfer price mechanism in place. So there, I think it’s important for people to think about because we do have a strong volumetric hedge already. And the economics of which just aren’t settled, but it all stays within the family. And I think that’s important. To get your exact question, we are about 32% - I think we’re 32% hedged in 2019, about 14% in 2020 and about 5% in 2021. What we did is we did about 10% incremental hedging to get to those numbers in 2019, about 7% in 2020 and about 2% 2021. And when we did, though, I just want to be clear on this is we just took advantage of the liquidity. There’s not a ton of liquidity in ERCOT out in those years. But when the summers popped up, there were some players out there that wanted to transact, and we thought the prices were pretty darn attractive relative to our long-term point of view. And as we do and again, we look at our - when we’re hedging, we look at a series of forward curves, but it’s five years out or two years out and we look at that opportunity to pick from those forward curves, and we thought this was a good time to incrementally add hedges on to those years. What we thought were attractive price.
Curt Morgan: Yes. You probably don’t remember this. And I don’t know how much we really talked about it. But right at the end of the 2016, gas prices popped up, and our commercial team was able to go out and hedge. And we did not go into seasonal ops for the legacy plants. And so we were able to hedge positive EBITDA contribution. And so that’s why you’re seeing that because we didn’t go into seasonal ops for the legacy coal plants we’ve been running them. And we expect to run them pretty much through the year.
Curt Morgan: We are, yes. Some of that’s - the build out, but yes. And I think that Steve you touched on a point that I think we’re just open about is what we’ll really be interesting to see is longer-term. And I’m talking three, four, or maybe even six years out, how much renewable build out occurs and what might happen to congestion getting from West to East. But I think we’ve seen that ERCOT has been willing to make that kind of modest investments. We’re not going to talk about credits too here; I’m talking about kind of modest investments to make sure that plants like Odessa can get to the rest of the state. And so we expect to be able to have freedom to move that power around to the higher-price market. And that’s what’s happening now, and we believe will continue to happen.
Curt Morgan: Well, that’s a Jim want to I can see his [indiscernible] this is business jumble, so - but I don’t care, I still like to talk about it. Look, I think it’s complicated, but I think in some ways it’s really not at the end of the day. First of all, customer segmentation in broad strokes because it’s far more segmented than what I am going to really tell you. But I think you can take this a bit to the bank is there’s kind of a segmentation around those who like named, stable product offerings, people they’re comfortable with. This is, as Jim describes it, sort of a low-involvement category product. And so people really don’t want to make - get into the sausage making. And I’ll just go to the power choose, and it will spin your head how you make that decision. But people really, they’re happy with the brand.  But I'll tell you, you can't just do that because your name. You have to do it because you have a product offering that people are comfortable with. And we've gone to great lengths to provide people with stable pricing and a stable product offering, and then we’ve also given them products that meet their need and we proactively go to them, if we see that, there are on product that they shouldn't be on - and they may be they use a lot of power lignite or something. We'll proactively try to get them on free nights or something. So I think there's a lot to it, and it's not because just advertising. This is pure data mining. This is very analytical business, understanding your customers, understanding their needs and proactively coming up of products they need. There's no smoke in there and this is a real retail marketing business. We've just been very good at that and we spinout in front on it. And so that's really been good for us. Now we have entered into, what I'll call the other segment which is - since had a greater not - because the variation of this segment too by the way, but our more inclined to switch and more inclined to look, and we've got a brand out there. We've have a lot of that great success, what is we call for change, we've got another brand out there called Energy Express. And those go after, culture it and find a switch, but also just made think they might want - they don't want reason to involve with anybody, right? They just want to see something online and make it easy. And so in the near more price-conscious, and that's about 35% of the market and about 65% of the market is more of the brand name customers that we have. So that's a lot of meat, but let me Jim, I think you'd be good if you want to add, if anything there.
Curt Morgan: Well. What I was saying is that we don't have a crystal ball. We don't know how much is going to happen. I mean, we model and we model our economics, I mean look at several scenarios, but we model continue to build up solar and wind. And so the economics behind what we have today has that in. Not my only point is depending on what that looks like and how much it might be, you could draw into a constraint situation. Our modeling, which you think is reasonable, does not have that. And so any sort of constrain, we just - we don't see there. I just want to be - for abandoned precaution that is also to be open about it. That could happen because you bring a lot from the West part of the state trying to get it over to the East depending on what that build that would look like, it could have an impact. And that was the issue. Sara, go ahead.
Curt Morgan: Thank you for taking the time to join us on the call today. We really appreciate your interest in our company. As I stated, beginning of the call, we do appreciate the interest in Vistra Energy and the support. And we're looking forward to continuing the conversation about our company and until next time. I hope everybody is well. Thank you.
