Curt Morgan: Yes. No, look, we’re for sale every day. So if somebody wanted to pay an attractive price, but we’re not out with hanging our shingle out there because I’ll just tell you – I’ve said this before, you know this, . I’ve said it to you, but I don’t – I’ve been in the private setting. I know what it is. I know what it takes. I know what private investors want. And I think that there are others out there that have gone private that are realizing that if you go private, it’s the same thing that if we were public for these businesses, that it’s a long-term gain and the idea that a private equity firm would come in here and can somehow then exit in 3 to 5 years. I just don’t know who that exit would be. And the thing that makes it difficult for us is that it would take a big equity check and a significant capital raise in order to get this done. That doesn’t mean that it can’t happen, but that is not our primary direction. We want to take a direction that we control. We don’t control that direction. And so we do something that we control and that we think can unlock this value. So that’s where we’re focused.
Curt Morgan: Yes. Good question, Stephen. So look, I think I tried to say this, but I’ll make it as clear as I can. We think, at the top of our list of things to use the capital from this great cash generation machine that we have is our stock right now. And so you see the free cash flow yields. The math is pretty clear. And so – but we also want to have a strong balance sheet. I went through all these things and we do think paying a dividend made some sense. And so we are going to do that. The real challenge is can we return capital and grow what we believe is a very good and like I said, burgeoning renewables and battery storage business. I mean these are opportunities because of the sites that we have and we’re in locations like California. California is talking about 12,000 megawatts plus of batteries that they need to put in. We’ve got sites that can do that. We can’t walk away from that value proposition. We want to partner with PG&E and others in the state of California and with the state of California to help them solve their – where they are trying to take their state. And we have the sites to do that. And so I think what we’ve concluded is there are ways to do both. And that’s where we’re headed. We also want – we believe that partnering with people, who have, let’s say, an advantaged cost of capital and will put us in a position of having an advantaged cost of capital will put us in a better position. We have everything else there is to compete in this business, and we have the full suite of capabilities. So I don’t think it’s a question of whether you can do one or the other. I think we can do both. The real question is, how do we go about doing that? And that’s where we’re spending the time right now is concluding that effort, so that we can pursue both. There are great companies out there. I used NextEra as one. I think NextEra is a great company, and they have been able to do both. And I think we can do both. And so we’re going to just have to balance that. That’s where we’re headed.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So look, I mean this is an interesting one because Governor Pritzker would like to move the state of Illinois in a very progressive way to a leadership position in the area of clean generation. And he’s pushing very hard on doing that. And he sees an opportunity with an Omnibus energy bill, if that’s going to happen. And I’m interpreting he is not telling me this. I’m telling you what I’m reading through the discussions that I’ve had. And in so doing, that’s a difficult thing because he would like to see emissions rates from thermal resources to decline and part of the legislation is pushing hard on that. And of course, that creates disruption. And there are some co-ops that own coal plants have just built them or munis I should say. That just built them not too long ago, and they still have a huge amount of debt that are on a number of different municipalities. And that creates a lot of angst. And of course, there is others like us that own thermal resources, and we’re trying to sort out how does that happen. And I think even within his own party, there is a debate going on as to how you actually accomplish that. So – and that has created a bit of a divide. And I think at the end of the day, they are going to try to work together. And I believe they will because there is too much at stake here. And they will come to a reasonable conclusion to move the state forward in terms of lowering its emissions. We are in the middle of that trying to help that. The one thing that I have tried to mention to people is that if you get the Omnibus bill in place and you put the kind of stipulations in the direct auctions and require developers to actually complete their projects and get them online. That – by that very nature, will end up crowding out thermal resources and will reduce emissions without having to have a heavy handed set of criteria that forces those to happen in an unnatural fashion. And so I think if they get this bill passed and they put the right teeth in, so that they can get the development that they want of the renewable and battery resources, they will accomplish a major amount of what they want to get done. So, the real essence, though, at the end of the day, can something get done. We are cautiously optimistic that there will be a way – a path forward that everybody will come together because again, there is too much at stake. There is a lot of investment that they want to do in renewables. Our coal to solar is part of that. We feel strongly that we are solidly in the legislation. We have a very good program. It helps communities that are losing jobs from the fact that we are shutting down coal plants and investing in those communities, bringing property tax base. And we are real – we are a real company. We have real projects, and we can bring those online in a very short period of time. And so we think there is a lot in that for us as well. And so we would like to obviously help bridge this gap and work together. And that’s what we are doing. We are working together with as many people as we can to try to help bridge this divide. I think it will get done, Stephen, but you would never know. And we are cautiously optimistic, but there is a lot of stake, and we think – of course, the nukes, I didn’t even mention that. Those are very important to the state. They have made that very clear, so all that has to come together. Most of it is already together. At the end of the day, it’s just getting through this, what do we do in the long run with thermal resources and the glide path for those to exit. And I think that’s where we need to come up with a compromise, and I believe we will be able to do that.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So Steve, we had said that we would put $0.5 billion – roughly $500 million. Jim, while I am answering this, Jim may be able to find the exact numbers that we have. But $0.5 billion a year, we have said for 10 years. And when we put out that 10-year view – and I think we are largely – it’s a little bit more and a little bit less in a couple of years, but we were going to reinvest that amount into renewables and batteries. And we are tracking sort of in that range and that was the investment. In terms of the projects themselves, I don’t have the list in front of me, but I know that we have, and I don’t know, Jim, if you have that list and if you have been able to find that, but if you can pull up that list of where we are on each of the different projects.
Curt Morgan: And Steve, one thing – one other thing to add on that, Andrews County is one that we pulled back when we pulled back to this lower spend. And that was initially – this is why I talked about having the capability and having the discipline in development. If you are a development company, then all you are going to do is kind of build this thing up and flip it, it’s a little bit different. But we were going to have to live with it. But we had some issues with congestion. And we have worked with Encore, and we now believe that side, you could go up to 200 megawatts. But this is the kind of stuff that we have a dedicated group on transmission that are incredible at what they do. And they can keep us out of issues by over-developing in an area and then having congestion and having the price reduced significantly. And so that – we have pulled that back, but now since we have been able to work it, it’s a project we will do later. And as Jim said, we control that site. So, that was part of why we also pulled that back.
Curt Morgan: Yes, sure. So yes, I mean that’s a really good question and one that we have spent a lot of time. Jim and I have recently, by the way. But you are talking about whether – how do you do this, is this a JV and those things tend to have governance associated with them, and there is a lot to them. I think the way we are thinking about it, Steve, is there is a couple of ways to do this. There is – you can have an equity investment, you can also have sort of, what I will call, a structured financing where it’s – maybe it’s a preferred – convertible preferred or something like that. There is a number of ways to cut this in terms of how do you raise the capital against the spend and the value of the company that can allow you to grow this company and to maintain the ownership and the governance that allows you to control the shots, because you can’t get into a situation if you don’t have the right partner, where it can get gummed up. And that’s not what we are looking to do. What we are looking to do is get access to – there is a lot of capital out there right now and a lot of infrastructure funds and a lot of people looking for companies like us that are legitimate that have a capability. And so we think that we can raise reasonably priced capital in a governance-friendly manner to continue to allow us to grow our business. And so we will see and the extent of how much the party would have a governance position in the company will depend on the size of the capital investment and the type of capital investment, and there will be a balance that we will make there. We have got a number of good friends out there that are interested in this. And we know this because there are people – there are inbounds coming to us because I am making comments like this on calls like this. But we know that there is interest in this. And then it comes down to just what do the terms look like. But we have people that we know that were like-minded with that we can – that we could work with. And that we believe that understand what we are trying to do, which is accelerate this, not slow it down.
Curt Morgan: I hesitate to get into precise numbers because we are working through this. We have a pretty big program that we already have out there for the next couple of years. I think what you are going to hear though is what we would like to do even longer term. I mean I think we would like to paint a picture, again. We have got this core business that generates a lot of cash. And I think we would like to earmark that to returning a bunch of cash. And so we want to give a picture of the future that goes multi-years and just kind of shows just how much return of capital that we can do over that period of time from that business. And then I think we also would like to paint a picture of what the growth side of our business would look like. And those two, let’s call them, two separate businesses and two separate tracks. But at some point, those two ultimately merge again. I think our biggest problem has been is that people can’t envision the company long-term. They say, well, at some point, those thermal assets are going to go away. But if you have two tracks, one that you are generating a lot of cash and you are returning it to shareholders from your core business and you are building this large burgeoning renewable and battery business. At some point, those merge again. And then you have solved your long-term terminal value because our retail business isn’t going anywhere. And we are going to grow that business. It’s how we manufacture power, electricity that matters. And we have got a great business that returns a lot of capital. And I think will continue to do so for a long time that we can return to shareholders. We also have advantaged sites in a core capability to be able to grow in renewables and batteries. And we want to be able to unlock both of those things. We think bringing in partners and additional capital is the way to do that. And then at some point in time, those two merge again and that you have this – you can then visualize this company in the long run because the supply side of our business has been essentially replaced from thermal to renewable and batteries. That’s really the vision here. And then we need to get into the details of how that happens.
Curt Morgan: Thanks again everybody for joining the Q2 call. I know it’s a busy – a very busy day. We tried to – we thought it was a pretty yeoman like quarter. The company has rebounded well. So, we didn’t want to take the full hour. Hopefully, this will give you some time. But we – a lot to talk about in the future, in the near-term we will be getting back to you soon with the strategic direction and the capital allocation. So, thanks again. I hope everybody is well. Take care.
