Kris Moldovan: Thank you, Jim. It's an honor to be in the new role and representing Vistra on the call today. While I have met many of the participants on the call in my previous role as the Treasurer of the company, I look forward to getting to know everyone and spending time with each of you in the coming months. I'll turn now to Slide 10. As Jim noted earlier, Vistra delivered strong financial results during the second quarter with adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations of approximately $761 million, which was above management's expectations. Retail ended the quarter at $403 million of adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations. And while this result is $107 million lower than second quarter 2021, it is important to note that this difference is more than accounted for by the amount of onetime self-help initiatives we undertook in the second quarter of 2021 to offset some of the losses we experienced in the preceding quarter. Retail performance this quarter was favorably impacted by warmer weather, strong margins and exceptional residential customer count growth in Texas. Moving to Generation. Our collective Generation segments ended the quarter with $358 million of adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations. This result was approximately $14 million above our second quarter 2021 results after adjusting second quarter 2021 to remove the earnings attributable to Zimmer and Joppa, which are now reported in the Asset Closure segment. This increase was driven primarily by favorable prices we experienced in the quarter offset by the ongoing coal constraints the industry continues to experience as well as onetime benefits of self-help initiatives executed in the second quarter of 2021. Finally, turning to Slide 11. Our strong financial results allow us to continue to favorably execute our capital allocation plan. Specifically, as of August 2, 2022, we have executed approximately $1.6 billion of the original $2 billion authorization, repurchasing approximately 70.5 million shares or approximately 14.6% of the shares that were outstanding as of November 2021. Since we expect to execute the remaining portion of the $2 billion authorization before year-end 2022, as Jim noted, the Board of Directors has authorized an incremental $1.25 billion of share repurchases effective immediately. As such, we have approximately $1.65 billion of aggregate remaining availability for share repurchases under the upsized $3.25 billion authorization, which we expect to execute between now and the end of 2023. Additionally, the Board recently approved a quarterly dividend to be paid on Vistra's common stock in the amount of $0.184 per share or approximately $75 million in the aggregate payable on September 30, 2022. This is an approximately 23% growth in dividend per share as compared to the dividend paid in the third quarter of 2021. While we are focused on returning capital to our shareholders, we remain steadfastly committed to balance sheet strength, targeting a long-term net leverage ratio below 3x, excluding any nonrecourse debt we raised at Vistra Zero. This year, however, the material increase in forward power prices for the balance of 2022 through 2025, taken together with our increased forward hedging activities to lock in those prices, has resulted in significant increases in our collateral posting obligations and required liquidity to support these obligations. As such, we have actively worked to increase our available liquidity, including issuing $1.5 billion of short-term senior secured notes, in addition to increasing the aggregate commitments under our corporate revolver by $725 million and increasing the aggregate commitments under our commodity-linked revolver by $250 million. As a result of these proactive transactions, we have significantly increased our available liquidity which was approximately $4.5 billion as of August 3. Looking forward, as we deliver power against our hedges over the balance of 2022, we expect to see a material return of collateral including a significant amount of the cash we had posted at June 30. To that end, we anticipate repaying more than $2.5 billion of debt by year-end, including debt outstanding under our revolving credit facilities. Of course, we must continue to prudently balance the timing of these debt repayments against the liquidity needed to support our hedging program. In addition to repaying debt, we will continue to monitor and optimize the amount and sources of liquidity necessary to support our existing hedges as well as any additional hedges we may execute over time. We said we would focus on execution in 2022 and the efforts of our generation retail and commercial teams in the first 6 months have positioned us well for a successful year. We remain focused on our strategic priorities and look forward to discussing third quarter results and our outlook for the balance of 2022 and for 2023 on our next call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jim for a brief wrap-up.
Kris Moldovan: Thanks, Jim. I think that's right. Given the fact of the losses during Yuri and those book losses, we don't see throughout the entirety of our planning horizon that coming into play. We will continue to monitor it. But it's not -- as Jim said, it's not a near-term effect on us.
Kris Moldovan: Yes. Thanks, Jim. The only thing that I would add is that it's just the timing that you referenced. As we reported this morning, we have approximately just over $3 billion of cash posted and a significant amount of that cash will come back over the balance of this year. And that's what -- as we perform and our units run. So that's what gives us the ability to be confident we say that we'll be able to repay more than $2.5 billion over the balance of the year and get back into the range of our target, we think, in the very near future.
Jim Burke: Kris, very much and congratulations on the new role. Turning to Slide 12, to recap a few key points. First, our integrated model is uniquely positioned to capture long-term value in these dynamic conditions, and we are comprehensively hedging and have locked in over 60% of this value for the period of 2023 to 2025. We believe we have ample liquidity and balance sheet strength to execute this strategy. Our confidence in our outlook is reinforced by the upsizing of the share repurchase program to $3.25 billion, and we continue to return capital through this program and our $300 million annual dividend. Finally, we have made great progress by bringing online over 400 megawatts in new assets in Texas this spring with Vistra Zero while restoring Moss Landing battery operations in California. With our Illinois coal to solar contracts and other pipeline projects, we are excited about our ability to decarbonize our fleet and grow our business. We are tracking ahead of our 60% greenhouse gas emissions reduction target by 2030 for our fleet, and we anticipate Vistra Zero will more than replace the earnings of the retiring coal units and we are doing this with cost-efficient capital. This is an exciting time for Vistra, and we are well positioned for this energy transition to deliver long-term sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. With that, operator, we will open up the line for questions.
Jim Burke: Shar, there's a lot in that question. Let me first start with the idea that we are just past the halfway point 2022 and we feel good about where 2022 is trending. We were working through the buyback program in a fairly expeditious manner. And our next call, obviously, would be early November. So we thought, given where we're tracking in '22, plus the incremental hedging that we've been able to do for '23 through '25, our confidence level was higher. We wanted to keep the momentum in the market from a return to capital standpoint. So we felt comfortable asking for the authorization and the Board was obviously comfortable approving it as a sign that the earnings power of this business has taken a material step up since early this year when we saw the curve start to rise in April. As far as the frequency of it, I think it's a function of a number of factors. It's a function of what are the market opportunities from the capital standpoint that we could deploy in the base business. We are obviously always even looking for upgrades in our own units, where we can bring in incremental megawatts, for instance, in ERCOT. We've operated some of our units to capture some of the prices that we saw this summer. So there's -- on the margin, there's opportunities to deploy on the base business small amounts of capital. Vistra Zero is obviously something that could accelerate some with the IRA that we're talking about here. But I think the main thesis, which is as we get a line of sight to these cash flows, the 60% is still well hedged, but there's still plenty that's not hedged. As that confidence builds, we could continue to update the capital return strategy, and that was the point we tried to make in our comments, and I think we have to just see how the market curves and follow from this point forward in tandem with our hedging strategy.
Jim Burke: Sure. I think you hit a couple of the key points, Shar. The market depth is not as great, clearly, out in 2025 as it is in '23. The liquidity that we have, while it is ample, it does take more liquidity in reserve to be able to hedge that far out. And so you can imagine we've got sort of a downward sloping hedge percentage where ‘23 is hedged higher as we said, over 80%. '24 is less than that and then '25 is less than that. It's also we do tandem hedging, where we want to make sure that we've got the fuel to back up the hedging for our generation assets and some of the fuel procurement out that far in certain regions is not as deep. And so we take all that into consideration. And also, we're not sure in some of these that full value are still realized. These curves have moved up in '24, '25, but there may still be some room to run. And so it's okay for us to have a little bit of exposure to that, too.
Jim Burke: Yes. Shar, great question. That's actually hitting on the bigger topic about ERCOT market reform and how is ERCOT going to sufficiently incentivize not only the potential for new assets to come online that are dispatchable, be it thermal or battery, but also retain the assets that actually has, on the grid that were needed multiple times from May through July. I think as the market and the CDR indicates more interment resources, are clearly in the queue, and they've been coming in a fairly robust fashion. But that means that all the other assets are dispatching at times against marginal cost assets that could be dispatching at 0 or even negative prices. So I think ERCOT reform is going to have to consider how does the revenue mechanism for dispatchable assets have a factor that considers their availability and their reliability. And that may be a payment mechanism that suffer in the part can simply redispatch for energy purposes. That hadn't been figured out yet. And so I do think there's a worry that the only thing that has the incentives and that’s primarily because of federal incentives to be built are more of the intermittent resources. And I think policymakers are focused and interested in having the reliability that the dispatchable assets bring. That's the focus of the study that the consultant is doing on behalf of the Public Utility Commission. We believe that there needs to be a focus on reliability. There's been a lot of focus on the transition from an environmental and emission standpoint, but in many places around the country, the reliability aspect has not been the key area of focus. I think Texas is focused on that, and Texas wants to solve this. That might incentivize some thermal generation. But without that incentive, it is hard to see that penciling now in our analysis. And so potentially with market reform, that might be something that would work.
Jim Burke: So that is an average, Steve. And similar to the last call we had, what we see is we're more hedged in the early part of that period, and we're less hedged obviously in the latter part. So even though on an absolute basis, the curves aren't as high and say '25, '23. Once you consider the relative hedge ratios, they actually end up being pretty similar.
Jim Burke: It is. Now, the good news is that '24 and '25 have continued to run on fine as that shape doesn't look flatter. We're more locked for '23, so we won't capture probably as much upside if '23 were to continue to run. Or the '24, '25 were to then we could absolutely see still upside in that slope actually shifting more to upward.
Jim Burke: So yes, so we're using curves of [7 29] as we refresh this analysis. We have to take into some consideration, Steve, some of the unknowns. I mean we assume that some factors like coal constraints would have worked their way out more by 2025 and potentially the balance of '22 and '23. So we have done, and we said this risk adjustment, we have taken into account some risk adjustments as we think about this. That's why we think the $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion is conservative. So we still have a decent open position out there. So it can go the other way, right? That's why we feel like hedging makes sense. That's why we like the opportunity to keep ample liquidity. But yes, this is a conservative view on a risk-adjusted basis.
Jim Burke: Yes. I think there are some. I think obviously, the most immediate ones would be on the renewables piece and the stand-alone batteries. More than 50% of our Vistra Zero opportunity set is storage related, and that was not attached to solar, in most cases to solar. So standalone battery ITC is meaningful for us. On carbon capture, we have some assets that could be good candidates. That's a little bit further out to be able to get the technology, but certainly, the economic incentives could be there, and we've got some attractive assets that could be coal or gas that could be candidates for carbon capture. And then the hydrogen piece, obviously, with the nuclear facility, with Comanche Peak. You've got not only the hydrogen incentive, but the production tax credit, which at today's curves looks a little bit more like it provides a floor support. I wouldn't consider it in the near-term incremental EBITDA, but it certainly helps provide a floor that's a lot higher than where the floor was in 2018, where we were looking at forward curves in the mid-$25 to $27 range for as far as the eye can see. So even if the floor is $40 to $44, that's a much more attractive place to put a anchor for a large carbon-free asset like Comanche Peak. So that's how we think about the IRA.
Jim Burke: Steve, I would just wrap with Scott's comment by just adding that these gains are some of the best gains we've seen in 14, 15 years. Competition has kind of winnowed a bit in terms of number of competitors because the balance sheet and the hedging requirements and the volatility make this a difficult business to just be standalone. And I think this is another case where the integrated model has really been able to show its effectiveness.
Jim Burke: I'll comment, and then I'll ask Kris to say a few words. It could. Not in the near term. We don't see anything. We still carry losses from Yuri. And so -- this is going to be something that for book purposes, it's going to take a while to work out of. And so it would down the road, as we think about what is our federal tax exposure, it could increase it. But it's not a near-term kind of in immediate vicinity of our planning horizon, but I'm going to let Kris comment further.
Jim Burke: David, thank you. Great question. First of all, I'm going to tell you about how we have performed, and I hope that doesn't jinx our performance going forward because it is a tough business. And I can't get into the specific details of the financial impacts, but I can tell you from a reliability standpoint, the fleet performed exceptionally well, particularly in July, which was a critical period. The men and women that are out there in these conditions, making these units operate at the level of effectiveness that they have is really just a tremendous, tremendous effort, and there were times, I'm sure you were following where basically every megawatt was needed on the grid to keep the system with a minimum operating level of reserves. So the fleet is in good shape. It remains in good shape. We tend to take some periods on the weekends to come down for some assets to do minor repairs to make sure they're ready to go. And of course, we use our weather -- our weather forecasting as well as coordinating with ERCOT with advanced notice to let them know what our intentions are, and that has been very helpful so that we're able to do the maintenance that we need. I will say in some other parts of the country in July in PJM, we did have a few struggles with some older coal units. And so the performance that we saw from the from the July generation and retail performance was offset some by where we were seeing some unit challenges in PJM, not fully offsetting by any means, but just recognition that when you run a 40,000-megawatt fleet, there's going to be some cases where you have some unplanned impacts. Those units have been recovered and they're operating, but it's still just a matter of a large fleet diversified across the country. But in the moment, when ERCOT was its tightest and when these units were needed there was exceptional performance by the ERCOT fleet.
Jim Burke: Sure. Yes, Durgesh, thank you. In the deck, we tried to highlight the total debt numbers, recognizing, of course, we have cash on hand. And then we have a significant amount post of this margin deposits. And of course, as we operate our fleet and we serve customers, we would expect this cash that's posted in terms of net margin deposits to come back into the system, and we've used that obviously, to pay down debt, as Kris indicated in his remarks. I believe that we're tracking, and I think you see this in the chart, I think we're tracking in the low 3s in under normal course of operation here in the very near term. If we have to keep posting margin, it means that the curves are moving up, and that probably means that our unhedged position is even more in the money, and that's a good thing from an enterprise value for Vistra. So I think the most important thing that we've done, and Kris has done an excellent job of doing this, is securing ample liquidity, which I realized that you've read some announcements over time, wondering what is the adequate amount to have, and that's something we monitor every day, and it's a function of how hedged are we, what's the volatility in the market, how far out are we hedging. And if anything, we're going to be conservative on the liquidity side and make sure that we are not paying down debt, permanent debt any sooner than we should because we want to make sure that the liquidity is there to keep taking advantage of these market opportunities. And so I'm going to ask Kris if he would like to add something.
Jim Burke: Yes. Great question, Jonathan. I think I even indicated earlier this year that we would envision providing visibility for that segment. And at that same time, we were focused on restoring Moss 300 and 100 because until we got these assets operating in the spring in Texas and got Moss 300, 100 restored, there wasn't a lot of operating EBITDA in Vistra Zero. Now that we have even those assets on the ground and operating with obviously Moss 300 and 100, we have a material contribution for 2023, we see it in the ballpark of around $200 million coming from Vistra Zero. That's not a segment reported yet, but I see us getting to that segment reporting towards the end of this year. And we just wanted to make sure if it was meaningful, Jonathan, to go through that exercise at this point and we wanted to get the operating assets on the ground delivering and we've got that. So I think you can expect to see more visibility into that towards the end of the year.
Jim Burke: I just want to thank you for taking the time to join us, be with Kris, myself and the management team. We are incredibly excited about where Vistra is, and we look forward to speaking to you again in a few months as we update you on our execution and our outlook for 2023 and beyond. Thanks again.
