Bill Holden: Yeah. Good question asked and if I would know that relatively [ph] we are using lot of words here, but two things. One, I think on the – what I call support cost side of thing, which is SG&A and then we have some support O&M and is really largely the support for the generation business. We are pretty much where we need to be on that, but I do want to stress again and this is just in my nature and I think our company’s nature that we are going to continually look for ways. Technology is advancing so quickly and frankly we cut really quickly, within a month of when we emerged from bankruptcy, we cut very quickly and so we are now just following up with our underlying process improvements that go along with restructuring the organization. We might find [ph] through process improvements, but it’s not going to be large reduction. There could be some incremental improvement. With regard to the plans we are working on an what we call an operational performance improvement initiative and we are coming to conclusion on that on Oak Grove and Sandow and we also are doing some work around some of the other plants in the fleet. We do expect to have cost savings around that, but also what I would call sort of revenue net deal [ph] enhancements around improvement and plant performance, and so stay tuned on that. We are not ready to detail that yet, but we in terms of the size of that, but you should expect us to come out with some incremental improvements later in 2017.
Bill Holden: Yeah. It will be later in the year and there is a number of reasons for that. We would like to see how the markets shake out. We would like to see how the summer comes in, because that’s going to affect. One thing that happens in ERCOT is depending on what the summer does and if you do get fortunate to see scarcity pricing it will show up in the forwards for the following summer and so we just want to – before we come out we want to see a little bit more how 2017 coming out and its impact on 2018. We also think that as we just discussed there maybe some other market activity that might change just what 2018 looks like. So, you should expect as more I would guess in the fourth quarter timeframe to come out with definitive guidance for 2018. I will just say this that if we – there is some stuff out there probably available and if we thought we were materially off on that, one way or the other we would probably feel compel [ph] especially if it was lower until compel to say something and we are not compelled to say something. So, I think we’d just leave it at that and you’ll hear more from us on 2018 as we roll through 2017.
Bill Holden: Yeah, I think we have a slight preference where we see the markets today to invest in our sweet spot and that means in the power sector, whether that would be wholesale assets or retail. Julien, we talked before on this and I talk to many folks on this before when we were going through a period of time and kind of assessing and we still continue to think about either energy infrastructure as if relates to supports our current business, but I think if you are thinking about any kind of transformational transaction or something like that or significant move somewhere outside ERCOT, I think we would probably be leading more from power sector standpoint than we would in some other type of infrastructure. So, I think that’s kind of where our head and that’s just because where evaluations in the sector have gone, both for assets and for companies and we are just going to take a look at that and be opportunistic. I will reiterate and we said this over and over again and words are cheap, but we are going to have to find what we think are very compelling opportunities with significant value to proposition for us to really expose our balance sheet and this is tough sector, especially if you step outside our comfort zone of ERCOT. I have been in these other markets and that is good thing and also though a little bit of an overhang for us, because I have a pretty good memory of what it takes and you guys know this. I mean, just think about what’s going in these other markets with [Indiscernible]. A lot of people have their fingers in the pie in this particular sector. So, it’s a tough one. So, if you are going to win in it you got to be able to buy something that you think is a compelling value proposition and feel confident [ph]. You have control over how you get that value proposition and so that’s where we are kind of where we are thinking about things as we speak.
Bill Holden: Yeah. I think it is unlikely to see us – I should say any kind of transformational deal as we can get anything and we talk about it a lot, but we would want it to be in integrated fashion. We want two things. One, existing retail and two, we want to know that we could use it as a platform to expand our integrated model. It is highly unlikely that we are going to go buy a couple of generation assets to standalone and then look to build organically a retail business outside our ERCOT or buy a retail business. It’s also equally unlikely that we are going to go out and buy a lead with the retail business and fill again [ph] with generation. Those are just unlikely things when you think about how we see the world. We still think that we could actually add to our business here and we know that well, we’ve got scale economies in our retail business and certainly a very good approach to the market. We just don’t know that this is the right time to do that, but we were constantly in this market. I would tell you that the deal flow that goes on in ERCOT we are just front and centre [ph] on this. Everybody knows what our balance sheet looks like. Everybody knows kind of what we are interested in, so there is very little going on in ERCOT that we don’t get a look at and so I would say, we are going to do retail right now on the standalone only basis. You could put pretty much bet on it would be in ERCOT deal.
