Jim Burke: Yes, Michael. We've noted the progress that we've made with this transaction. Originally we thought NRC would be the longer pole in the tent and we were pleased to get that approval a few months ago. Where we sit at the moment is we've got feedback from DOJ and we think we've addressed DOJ's concern. We expect to have addressed FERC's concern by selling the Richland/Stryker facility. We did not think it was a concern at the time we initiated the deal and we still don't believe that's a concern. But out of an abundance of caution we are making that move. We have obviously responded to all of their information requests and the interveners have done the same. So our anticipation is that FERC has all the information that they need. We've asked for a feedback by the middle of November. We feel confident that we'll get to something by the end of this year and that we target to -- we're planning and targeting to close by the end of this year. But I think it's just been a process Michael and it's been one that we've been obviously very responsive to and I think from a FERC standpoint they've got the information and they've got to do their due diligence, but there's been no new issues raised to us at this point and that's why we think we're going to get this done by year end.
Jim Burke: Yes, Michael, thank you for that. I'll start by saying that our results for this year which obviously we've continued to guide up as we've gone through the year. Most of that improvement is EBITDA-driven and we did a nice job operating in the third quarter with extreme opportunities with pricing and weather being coincident particularly in ERCOT. That EBITDA largely drops through to the bottom-line when we built the plan at the beginning of the year you wouldn't have expected the kind of weather conditions that actually played out. So that free cash flow in this near term obviously will fall through and you're seeing that improved conversion. We started the year with an expected lower conversion rate because we wouldn't have had this kind of EBITDA opportunity built into a more normal weather scenario. We actually talked about free cash flow conversion being a little bit lower in 2023 and 2024 when we set our plans and we talked about the capital required to run the units pulling in some of the long-term service agreement spend for CapEx was one of the main drivers. You'll see in the capacity factors that are in the back of the deck our units have been running really well but they've also been running hard. And so we'll spend some capital in 2024 and probably have to spend some capital in 2025 to make sure the fleet stays in tip top condition. And so I think the surprise was not where we see 24 playing out from a free cash flow conversion. We actually had some positive free cash flow conversion due to the EBITDA opportunities that came our way in 2023. As far as Energy Harbor interest and how we're thinking about that financing and its effect on our results in 2023 -- in 2024 I'll ask Kris to comment.
Jim Burke: Julien, thank you for the question. Good morning. I appreciate the comprehensive question on capital allocation. I think it's several things. First of all, as asked earlier, we want to close this Energy Harbor acquisition get -- make sure we've got embedded fully a multiyear view of the potential for that business as well as the synergies that we're anticipating to be able to deliver over a multiyear basis. We also -- because we've raised the Vistra stand-alone guidance, we see more cash available for allocation. So, we want to put all of that together and go through that process of discussion obviously with our Board when we can have a comprehensive discussion about a number of things. We've mentioned some Vistra Zero opportunities in this deck that we will continue to execute on. The buyback program we've been executing actually slightly ahead of pace. We would anticipate that when we come back through the approval process with the Board, they'll remain supportive of the buyback program potentially at the current or even a potential higher pacing than where we've been executing. We did not feel like going out too far at this point given that we need to close the acquisition and put the full plan together. We didn't feel just highlighting one element of a buyback amount in 2025 or 2026 was appropriate at this point, but our commitment to our four strategic priorities and I think the execution against those has been on track if not exceeded and I would expect that to continue. As far as growth vectors, there are a lot of things that the future holds that are still being sorted out particularly with the Inflation Reduction Act. And are there going to be opportunities here to utilize behind-the-meter opportunity some of the hydrogen opportunities, I think just from our standpoint we still own nearly 60 sites worth of land and interconnect. So, we've got plenty of opportunities to still develop a number of avenues of our business from a growth strategy, but they need to meet our return requirements. And I think that's the discipline we wanted to continue to demonstrate through this presentation and why we want to come back with a comprehensive capital allocation plan is, we have to look at all of the options on the table, and look at the best ones, and not just the ones that we've been executing on to this point. But I see us remaining focused on the four core principles, and I think that's worked well. I think our investors understand our mindset around these, and we look forward to hopefully given another set of opportunity for our investors to see how we'll create value once we close the Energy Harbor acquisition.
Jim Burke: I think Julien, it is a little bit from a timing standpoint, an apple and an orange, but I do think you can take a couple of pieces and add them together. So if you look at our stand-alone guidance for next year, we're looking at a midpoint of $3.9 billion. And then we unpacked the Energy Harbor 2024 2025 numbers, because we what we wanted to do we gave you an average last time of 750. Now we're unpacking it saying 700 for 2024. That's still using some data that we got originally, through our cases but we're tracking curves. We have a sense of things are about where they were at the time, we announced the deal from a power price standpoint. So there alone you're taking the 3.9 and the 700 here, you're getting to 4.6. We had been at a midpoint of 4.35, on average when we gave you that direction when we announced the deal. So, I think the two pieces just added together put us north of where we have been signaling the combined opportunity. And this still has the targeted synergy levels in here. I think we could potentially exceed those targeted synergy levels, but we need to get into the business fully have the details around that execution plan before, we would upsize anything there Julien. So, I do appreciate you calling out, because I think there's been some consensus that is included. Energy Harbor and some that has been stand-alone. Our stand-alone is well north of anything that we have signaled, at this point and we think our Energy Harbor at this point is on track. And when we get into it, I think we might be able to find some additional upside. But at this point, we're not reflecting that.
Jim Burke: Yes, David I'll start off. I'd like Scott Hudson, our President of Retail to add some commentary. I think the business – obviously, we break our business apart, quite a bit. There's different geographies in the business. ERCOT has its own unique design. The other markets obviously, have a different one more with the TDU, the wires company doing the billing. Our business has a very heavy residential footprint from an earnings profile standpoint, but a very large-scale business and profitable business in the Commercial & Industrial segment. The business has performed better than we expected it to perform this year relative to plan. And next year is pretty flat to that. So I think it's actually more stable is how I would describe the retail business not a large growth assumption or a moonshot required for us to be delivering in our 2024 guidance. And the team has done a really nice job adapting to a variety of weather conditions extreme weather and ERCOT and actually milder than normal weather in most of the rest of the country. But I think the underlying trends are a function of the creative products and the marketing channels. I'd like Scott to comment on that. So, you get a feel beyond just the numbers of how the team actually executes dynamically to meet customer needs.
Jim Burke: And David the thing I would conclude on Scott's remarks, which we're spot on with how we think about the business is the customer could be put under a lot of pressure with volatile pricing. With the hedging strategies, which we've described before are pretty conservative about the way in which we procure to handle extreme weather. Our goal is to insulate the customer as much as possible from those kinds of bill shocks. That helps franchise value in the long run. It helps the customers sort of get through the seasonal events. But it does take resources to be -- to hedge at that level. It takes capital you have to post collateral at times. You have to be a little bit more conservative on how you think about some of your pricing structures. But I think it pays off in the long run. And that's why the business not only had a really strong financial quarter they grew accounts in the quarter. Growing accounts in the quarter as being one of the largest market share participants is not an easy thing to do. But if you're providing that stable value proposition to the customer, the customers do respond well. And I think that's where we shine better is when we've got this kind of volatility that's when the model I think really differentiates itself.
Jim Burke: David, we haven't put anything out specifically on retail, but we've given you a sense of where we see 2025 on a combined entity. But, yes, we see it staying fairly flat. And most of the delta that we'd expect to see if any in 2025 would be more driven by where the generation segment is. We're highly hedged in 2025, but we have to carry more open there. So you might see a little bit more variation there than we'd expect to see in retail.
Jim Burke: Sure. Yes. If you look at the curves David 2026 is looking stronger than 2025. That particularly has moved in the ERCOT region from the last time we spoke. In fact when we had our call in August it was August 9 and August 10 was the all-time peak in ERCOT. So we were busy and we talked about how we needed to make sure that we got through the summer. Most of the pricing volatility in ERCOT came in the back half of August. And I think the forward curve started to reflect that the sort of on paper level of reserve margin may not actually be what the actual reserve margins are under stress conditions. So we have seen the curves move up. As Kris noted they are higher than where they were in May of 2022 still backwardated, but they are higher. And I think that's a reflection of the supply-demand calculation that folks are revising for ERCOT. We are still majority open out in the 2026 time period. We have not provided a hedge position, but our anticipation at the moment is that Energy Harbor also has largely remained open in 2026. That's why we were comfortable saying we expect it to be around that $900 million range. And then we see upside from where we sit today for the rest of the Vistra stand-alone for 2026 relative to 2025.
Jim Burke: Angie we -- I don't think we've really learned anything, specifically, from this other than deals get a lot of scrutiny. We actually have in all of our filings and all of the screens we've done that we need to do in order to make our filings complete we did not see and still don't believe that these assets are pivotal in that regard. So I still think we look at the situation in the exact same way as we did when we made the announcement. But we do want to move forward and get this deal done. So we made the modification that we made. Even in ERCOT, our market share -- because the markets continue to grow we're more like a 14%, 15% market share number so there's even headroom for us to do something in ERCOT and that's where we have the highest level of relative size compared to others in the market. So no, I think the field is still open, Angie. I think, we'd love to obviously get this done and move forward and we want to be constructive and work with the regulatory bodies to make sure that that happens in a way they're comfortable. But no, I don't think, there's anything to read through at this point. Of course, we haven't heard finally from FERC on this matter, but we feel very good about our position on this and we think we have headroom to do additional transactions in all the markets.
Jim Burke: Yeah. So, we obviously await guidance from the IRS on a couple of matters. The whole hydrogen topic and whether nuclear -- existing nuclear is going to qualify as a clean energy source whether it's behind the meter or what they call hydrogen by wire where it's more contracted through a PPA type structure we await clarification on that. We don't have growth built into our plans for that. We're not assuming an upside yet on our plans. But that's something Angie that we obviously await guidance on. I think the more immediate material guidance will be the nuclear PTC. And what is the revenue basis for determining whether an asset has earned some of the PTC, because the realized revenue rate is below the floor. We expect to get that guidance some point in the spring, but we're not sure how soon it could come. Obviously it goes into effect beginning of next year. Once again we've not assumed any PTC value in our long-range plan. But the way we think about it is the curves are right at and slightly above where we see the PTC floor. So it's unclear that it would apply at this moment. Now, there is indexing to that PTC. So if the curve stayed flat you might inflate your way into earning some of the PTC. It is still unclear about how affiliate transactions would work. But I feel like, there's been a commentary and some acknowledgment that some basis of spot whether it's real-time or day-ahead prices that there needs to be some reflection of what the market value is of the power and not just how the hedge transactions either were done at the portfolio level or at the asset level. I think that's a cleaner way to think about, it is to think about something in the real-time or day ahead market as a better benchmark for the value at the hub of the power. But again, we await that guidance. It's not baked into the plan. And I think it provides some downside protection. We're not 100% sure how much yet. But since we still have the upside of where the curves could go for the nuclear assets whether it's Texas or Pennsylvania Ohio, we view it as a real opportunity that the IRA provides. We just don't have clarity on the size of that opportunity at this point.
Jim Burke: Yeah, Angie, good question. It is something that the whole industry is paying attention to, because it can affect prices for domestic and more global sources beyond Russia as a source. So it's got implications whether you're sourcing directly from Russia or not. We have increased some of our nuclear fuel purchases. We've done that as Vistra. And we have done that both for our own needs, but also in anticipation of closing this transaction. So I feel very good about our financial and our physical supply with or without any Russian exposure over the next several years. And we feel that we're in good shape from a Vistra standalone actually for the next four to five years. But from a combined basis since we don't have all the detail beyond the next couple of years at this point from Energy Harbor, I think our fleet-wide purchases will actually help bridge, anything we'll see on a combined basis. But we have our -- we started working this issue. We started working even before we made an announcement about Energy Harbor, because obviously this conflict dates back in time. But I think we have done a very nice job. The team has done a nice job not only hedging for the physical part, but financially hedging curves are up for nuclear fuel. There's no doubt. You'll see nuclear fuel quotes in the $9 to $10 a megawatt hour kind of raise that's kind of an all-in value. We're still -- and I mentioned we're -- historically, we were closer to $5, trending up to $6 for Vistra standalone through 2026. That's still where we are. We don't have all the details on the Energy Harbor cost per -- I know they reset some of theirs early on as they did their restructuring, but we could have some exposure towards the back-end of a five-year planning horizon on price, just because the curves have moved up. But there's also a discussion about domestic sources and incentivizing additional supply, non-Russian that may come into play towards the back-end of our planning horizon. But I think we've substantially de-risked physically and financially there, Angie.
Jim Burke: Yeah. Durgesh, it's always difficult for management teams to predict where things will go. But yes, if you look at the multiples and ours now raised EBITDA guidance levels and our expected free cash flow generation, I think the multiples are just staying where they've been. And we're just reflecting a much stronger business profile. I think you can obviously make your case as to what's the right multiple to put on the business. I think there's been a view that the free cash flow yields need to be 20-plus percent in order to compensate for the risk of being in the business. I think our integrated model has shown a real stability to the business model. And we've seen various weather conditions, pricing conditions play out over the course of this year. And I think our team has managed through that exceedingly well and we've raised the out year. So I know Kris put in more of an exclamation point on this on the last call and I'd love to be interested to see if his view has changed, but I'm pretty sure it hasn't. But I'd like to let him close on this, because I want to make sure you guys know we're sticking with these four core principles.
Jim Burke: Yeah, Durgesh. I think Scott -- we had residential growth, but the 16% was a business is a volumetric growth. And so -- but both businesses grew and they grew their business not only in Texas, but outside of Texas. So it was really strong performance for the business to fundamentally grow in a very dynamic power market.
Jim Burke: Yes. I want to close by thanking the men and women of Vistra for their hard work and for delivering an exceptional quarter for our customers and the communities we serve. We appreciate your interest in Vistra. And as you saw in our presentation, we have a lot to still accomplish and layouts and we look forward to laying that out for you and speaking to you again soon. Hopefully after we have closed here on the Energy Harbor acquisition and we wish you all a great morning. Thank you.
