Jim Burke: Thank you, Curt. As shown on slide 12, Vistra delivered strong financial results during the quarter, with adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations of $1.177 billion, results that are comparable to our third quarter 2020 financial results. Period-over-period, our retail segment results were $205 million higher than third quarter 2020, driven by the realization of our self-help initiatives and the lower cost of goods sold in 2021. The collective generation segment ended the quarter $211 million lower than third quarter 2020, driven primarily by the lower realized energy margin in Texas, East and Sunset after a very strong 2020. Turning now to slide 13. We wanted to briefly touch on the momentum we have seen in spark spreads across the markets where we operate. Since September, we’ve seen a dramatic rise in commodity pricing across the board as gas prices, power prices and spark spreads are all climbing higher for 2022 and beyond. This is true in all the markets where we operate, though we highlight our two largest markets, ERCOT and PJM on the slide. As a general rule, Vistra is a company that benefits from higher natural gas price environments as gas units are typically the marginal units setting the price of power, leading to higher overall power prices. We expect this will benefit us in the outer years where we are less hedged. As of October 31st, Vistra is now 27% and 50% hedged in ERCOT and PJM, respectively, for 2023. We are hedged at relatively similar levels in New York, New England, CAISO and MISO as we have taken advantage of the increase in outright power prices and spark spreads over the last couple of months which are rising more in line with our fundamental point of view. We expect our commercial team will continue to take advantage of commodity pricing volatility, working to position our integrated operations to earn a relatively stable earnings profile over time. I’m turning now to slide 14, which provides a more detailed breakdown of our 2022 financial guidance. We believe the illustrative guidance in the range of $3.05 billion to $3.55 billion, adding back the impact of the Uri-related bill credits and the year one impact of various NPV positive long-dated retail contracts is the best way to think about the long-term earnings power of this business. We continue to believe that Vistra will be able to convert a majority of its adjusted EBITDA to adjusted free cash flow before growth. Similarly, our guidance for ongoing operations adjusted free cash flow before growth includes the anticipated receipt of securitization proceeds in addition to the other Uri impacts, such as bill credits. So, our illustrative guidance removes these for a more normalized view of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow before growth. A strong conversion percentage, as shown on the slide, enables the significant return of capital that Curt discussed while also supporting a strong balance sheet and the transformation of our fleet with our Vistra Zero pipeline. Before we close this morning, I wanted to briefly address our long-term leverage target in pursuit of investment-grade credit ratings which I know has been a strategic question for many of you following Uri. Foundationally, a strong balance sheet is core to Vistra’s strategy. Our low leverage level proved critical during Uri as our financial strength supported our ability to quickly add more than $2 billion of debt in response to the storm. As outlined on slide 15, we believe our current leverage in the range of approximately 3 to 3.5 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA is a leverage level that will afford us the same level of financial strength. We believe we will be able to maintain our leverage in this range in the near term and reach the mid to high 2s over the next five years. We also believe that we would still be a candidate for investment-grade credit ratings in the future as our corporate leverage drops below 3 times and any project financing will relate to a lower risk contracted part of the business, though, as we said recently, we believe this opportunity is at least a few years in the future. In closing, as I hope you can see from the long-term capital allocation plan we laid out today, we believe in the value of this business and our ability to generate significant free cash flow for allocation in the years ahead. By prioritizing returning the majority of our capital to our financial stakeholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet and pursuing accelerated growth of our Vistra Zero portfolio, we believe that we will unlock the value of our business over time. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
Jim Burke: Curt, you covered it well. The only thing that I would amplify is that we intend to structure the PPAs from these assets back to Vistra to create the contracted cash flows. That gives us the chance then to put 60% to 70% project debt. The balance comes from the three sources Curt mentioned, the parent contribution of less than $500 million, some form of structured financing or equity and then the cash flows from the projects themselves. And so when we think of this as a self-sustaining entity and an entity that can grow even faster than we anticipated when we announced this pipeline last summer. And so, I think it gives us a way to use more cost-effective capital and still take advantage of the opportunities, given the pipeline of great sites that we have.
Jim Burke: Sure. Thanks, Curt. What we try to do here, Stephen, is focus on where we’ve got a strong place to start, which is sites that we have control over. Its focus right now is primarily Texas, California and now with Coal to Solar, the Illinois fleet. We have a few opportunities at a couple of other coal plants that we intend to convert. But, this does not include -- as Curt mentioned, this does not include an expectation of prospecting for a bunch of sites we don’t have control over or an M&A type platform. So, I think we’ve got a really good pipeline that we can set up based on our partnerships. We’ve got very good partnerships on the solar side and the EPC side and our batteries. And so, it’s really just a matter of taking advantage of this methodically over the next five years. And then, in addition to that, I think there’s other opportunities that Curt mentioned. But, this is our focus, not a heavy focus on PJM, and I also ISO New England at this point, those are possibilities. But, what we’ve got in front of us is quite a bit.
Jim Burke: Sure. Good morning, Julien. Thanks for the questions. So, on the buyback, we have -- we are looking at a number of alternatives. We have not settled on the method that we’re going to use, hopefully coming out of this earnings call, we’ll be very aggressive with the buyback program in order to be able to implement the $2 billion by the end of ‘22. We don’t intend to telegraph how we’re going to buy, when we’re going to buy, but we’ll report each quarter how we’ve effectuated the number of shares that we’ve purchased. But, it is a meaningful percentage, as you know, of what’s outstanding, not only for the program through ‘22 but through ‘26. The other question, as we think about ‘23, I think as Curt, you mentioned, we have a large open position in ‘23 relative to ‘22. And that can work obviously to create an overperformance opportunity or come in slightly under, and we’ve seen the curves continue to rise. And I think the commercial team has done a very nice job looking at our point of view and trying to figure out when to put the positions on to be able to manage the expectation. I think, as Curt said, ‘23 was much lower. You saw that with forward curves in the past, particularly this time last year. That gap has closed considerably. It hasn’t fully closed. And then, you see that even in our charts in the slides that we presented for the spark spreads. So, we think ‘23 has a very good chance of being in line with ‘22, but there’s still room. There’s still room for the curves to move, and we still have a large open position. So, we’ve talked about a $3-plus billion business on a run rate basis. And I think the fact is, is that there’s going to be a range around these outcomes. We are in a competitive segment. We’re benefited by having a large retail position that can work almost in a countercyclical manner to the wholesale position at times. But, we still have some variation around it as these -- as the markets have shown some volatility. We view that as something we can capture. So, I think looking at it more in line is where we would expect to be, but we still have a ways to go for the ‘23, given that there’s still some backwardation relative to ‘22.
Jim Burke: No. I would say, you have -- if you’re simply -- and this is the struggle that we talk about because we have a point of view on the business that has consistently shown that the market curves begin to approach as we get towards a prompt year. So, if all you do is look at where it curves today, and you just look at it and say, lock all that in, it’s going to be lower than ‘22. I mean, that’s just math. That’s not how we run our business. We run our business based on where we think it makes sense to put positions on and where we think curves would likely end up, given supply-demand characteristics in the Q that comes in for new build, et cetera. And so, when we look at it over that basis, we feel that ‘23 has a very good chance to be right in line with ‘22, but that’s just not where the curves are at the moment. And we don’t -- that does not concern us. We’ve been in the spot before. And we -- and it’s happened for ‘22. It’s happened in previous years. And so, we anticipate it would likely happen again in ‘23.
Jim Burke: Sure. Yes, we do. It’s baked into our plan. We view the ancillary costs similar to the other costs that any retailer would face. You’ve got to work it to your price, and you’ve got to ultimately reflect it with the customers. We have that built into our plan for ‘22 and beyond. And of course, we do have, as you mentioned, Steve, a different position, having some generation assets as well, so. But, the integrated effect and the effect on retail is slowly reflected in our plan.
Jim Burke: Yes. Durgesh, I think the way you’re thinking about it is correct. What Curt mentioned is an EBITDA number. And so, we would expect that we would have some interest expense because we’re going to be doing the project financing and any other sort of third-party capital charges that we would have. So, we have some ongoing cost of that capital, which we believe to be more cost-effective than our own. And then over time, we’d have some amortization of the project debt, the project level debt that we would take on. So, that’s not meant to be a free cash flow number if that’s I think was getting to the nature of your question. It is an EBITDA number. And as Curt mentioned, our goal is to maintain 100% equity control so that from a terminal value standpoint, we’re building a business of $500 million on a five-year basis. We can get to $500 million and have long-dated, long-lived assets, very ESG-friendly asset portfolio that’s grown rapidly and use third-party capital, more cost-effective capital to do it. So, there will be some distributions out of that EBITDA to pay for that, but we think that’s more cost effective than doing it all on balance sheet.
Jim Burke: No. Curt, you covered it well. There’s nearly 8,000 megawatts of slated retirements. Well, we obviously have two large facilities in Texas that do not have anticipated retirement dates, but the EBITDA contribution of that nearly 8,000 has come down through time and is not material on the go-forward horizon, but it’s something that we are built -- we built into our plan, and that’s the whole point of transitioning this fleet is to be able to put new long-lived high-margin assets with Vistra Zero to more than overcome that so that we have a growing EBITDA profile through time.
Curt Morgan: Yes. Stephen, you know we have Moss Landing site that can take probably up to another 1,000 megawatts. We have a site called Morro Bay, which can be up to 700 megawatts. Those are both in California. We have a number of sites. We’re one of the largest landholders, especially at our sites that have some of the old coal plants in Texas. We obviously know that market quite well. And we’re partnering in California with the utilities there. And then, of course, we are in the Omnibus Energy Legislation in Illinois. We pursued that for three years out of thin air and raised this Coal to Solar and battery storage legislation that then was -- woven into the ultimate Omnibus bill. So, I think we came up with an idea to utilize sites that already have transmission access in many of the areas where the assets were being shut down or were already retired. And that’s proven to work very well. And I think we have other opportunities down the road.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So, look, we had a period of time where sparks were compressed. They’ve actually come back to what I’d call a more normalized level, but there’s still a fair amount of backwardation in the curve going from ‘22 to ‘23. I think our fundamental view would suggest there’s still room to move with the curves relative to the fundamental view in 2023. But, the one good thing is that that -- those two curves, market and our fundamental view -- our point of view have converged significantly, and I think I made it in my remarks. But we’re now seeing over the next five years, EBITDA levels that are $3 billion plus even at the curves. And prior to that, Shahriar, we were seeing -- when you marked it to the curve, below $3 billion. So, that has converged significantly. In terms of the spark spreads, there’s probably some further what I’ll call normalization that can occur in ‘23 on sparks. And so, yes, there could be some of that movement. But, we’ve seen a pretty strong move in sparks. But, if you take a look at ‘22 sparks versus ‘23 sparks, they’re still about, I’m going to say, maybe about $4 difference. And we would expect that to -- that gap to close. And so, there is some upward mobility and our fundamental view shows that. In terms of directionally, ‘22 to ‘23, we always say this, but I want to be clear this time that we’re within the range of being in a very similar EBITDA level on using that illustrative EBITDA number. And when I say that, that’s plus or minus a couple of hundred million dollars, because an open position can go either way, depending on weather. And so, -- but we’re well within the bounds of where we are in ‘22 for ‘23. And I would say, directionally, when we look at the distribution of outcomes, probably with a greater probability of upside versus downside, just knowing where the curves are, where our fundamental view is, and knowing that our commercial team is able to take advantage of when the curves are in -- are at the point of view or better. So, I feel good about 2023. I think directionally, it’s in that range, and now we have to go out and execute and capture that value.
Curt Morgan: Well, yes, that’s -- man, that’s -- I wish I had a crystal ball. But look, I think what I would hope to see, especially with this capital allocation plan and with our execution is something that is much more in the mid-teens and going down into the low double digits. I think that we certainly warrant that when -- I understand that there was a major event in February, and you know this as well as I do that any kind of return is -- part of that is the anticipated risk of the business, and I think that exposed some risk. But, I think once we show how we have invested in our business, we’ve reduced the risk significantly, and we’re able to execute, I would expect that risk premium to come down. And then, I also believe that people are beginning to realize that a combination of renewables, batteries and low heat rate, very efficient fossil fuel, mainly gas plants, is really going to be the right mix of assets going into the next 15 to 20 years, because you’re going to need dispatchable resources for reliability purposes. The market is going to have to pay for those. Clearly, we’re going to need to have clean and green resources going forward, and battery storage is going to be a big piece of that. I think that’s what our company is lining up with. And then, we’ve got this large retail business that I think people don’t think about that we can contract much of our renewable and battery business with. That also has very consistent and significant margins, and we expect that to continue as well. So, we feel like we’re lined up. If we can execute, then we would expect that the risk premium, that is a function of both, a perceived risk in the business model, which I think we are closing, but also the terminal value question, we believe that we have a company that’s here for a long period of time. We should see that risk premium come down. And commensurately, we ought to see a much lower free cash flow yield, which in turn, as you know, means a higher and stronger stock price.
Curt Morgan: Yes, we are. We are. If you take 2021’s outcome and you take $500 million securitization, you back it off, you’ll notice that we were a little bit under and a big chunk of that, more than half of it, is the challenges we’ve had at the Sunset segment, not just coal constraints, but also we’ve had some outages that were this year that came about. What I would call, though, our coal constraint mainly is an opportunity loss more than anything else. And I’ll tell you why. We have been prioritizing building coal inventory for the winter, because the price curves are saying that it’s much more economic to run in Q1 of ‘22 than it is in Q4 of ‘21. And if you think of it, we have a finite amount of coal because of the supply constraints. We were going to have to optimize between Q4 ‘21 and Q1 of ‘22. We have opted to run a little bit less in Q4 of ‘21 to conserve and preserve the amount of coal we have so that we are going to be there for Q1 of ‘22 because the price curves are telling us that’s where it’s most economic, and that’s what we intend to do. The other thing I’ll tell you is that I’m still a little bit concerned about making sure that the entire grid in Texas is weatherized, including the gas system for this particular winter. And so, we want to be very cautious. We’re going to go into that carrying more length because of that, and we want to make sure that we don’t have any hiccups. And then, just the broader energy commodity complex, as you know, is quite volatile. And so, because of that, we’re taking a very, very conservative approach going into Q1, and that means trying to conserve some of our coal to make sure that we can run in Q1 of ‘22.
Curt Morgan: Jim, do you want to take the first one around buyback, what we’re looking at around buybacks and then we can -- and then if you want to take a stab at the second one, that’s fine, and I can add to it. Go ahead.
Curt Morgan: Yes. So, Julien, I think that’s why we say -- and we’re not trying to be evasive here at all. It’s just that when you’re this far out and the curves are still backwardated, and we’ve seen every year that when you get into the summer and come out of the summer, that the next summer and the winters tend to begin to move up, and we expect that from our fundamental view. Marking something just to a current curve will give you one result. Marketing something to our fundamental view will give you a different result. We think those -- the good news is this time around is that those two things are still within the range of ‘22 for ‘23. In the past, the curves -- and you brought this up before. In the past, the curves were well below the $3 billion mark. And now, those -- the curves in the fundamental view are -- have converged, but there’s still some room to move. So, I like to think about there’s a distribution around ‘23. But clearly, the ‘22 EBITDA midpoint on illustrative basis is within that distribution. And so, we think there’s a good chance that we can come in around where ‘22 levels are for ‘23. That’s going to come down to execution and being ready when the curves are ripe and our team, that’s what we do. That’s what we get paid to do. So, we feel pretty good about going into ‘22. We clearly feel good about it being $3 billion plus and being plus $3 billion. Where it will land in terms of ‘22 for ‘23, we’re going to be within spitting distance of ‘23. And I think we have a good chance of hitting it, and we could actually even exceed it. So, that distribution I think is favorable. It’s now about execution and getting opportunities.
Curt Morgan: Yes. I think it’s in the $5 billion to $5.5 billion range of total capital that would have to be invested. And you are right, the amount of equity capital that we would be putting in is relatively low, although we’re putting in some -- obviously putting in some projects into that as well that have value on the market. But yes, I think it’s $5 billion to $5.5 billion, if I remember right that we would have to invest. And we obviously have plans for how we would do that.
Curt Morgan: Well, yes, I think I mentioned it, it’s Moss Landing, it’s Morro Bay, it’s our Oakland site in California, it’s -- what is it, 9 sites in Illinois that would have batteries or something like that. It’s batteries in Texas. We have one that’s 265-megawatt, 1 hour battery coming on in Texas. We have a 10-megawatt already on. But that’s what the battery storage picture looks like. And of course, we’re predominantly a solar. On the renewable side, we have found wind to be economic. We’re not an offshore wind person yet, so -- and I don’t expect us to be that. But, we’re not afraid of wind. It’s just that we haven’t found the opportunity for that. But that’s -- those are the primary projects. Of course, there’s a lot of solar, both in Texas and in Illinois.
Curt Morgan: Yes. And Jim, you can jump in after this. But -- so over half of -- well, let’s just put it this way, about $40 million in ‘21 is the effect of coal constraints. And so, just -- so, we’ve captured that, Steve. That’s in our updated guidance, and we’ve captured that. I think I mentioned, we’ve decided to build inventory for Q1 because the economics are more compelling to be ready for Q1. And so, we have created this constraint in Q4 of ‘21 in favor of Q1 of ‘22. Everything -- any constraint that we have going into ‘22 is already built into our guidance. So, there’s nothing more to talk about there. We expect, given what we’re doing in Q4 of ‘21 in favor of Q1 of ‘22 will actually allow us to run where we want to in Q1 of ‘22. I think you know this too that some of our plants, two of them in PJM and Ohio are not on PRB. A lot of these constraints are coming out of the PRB and on the rails from the PRB. And then, of course, Oak Grove mines its own coal. So, we don’t have those limitations there. And then, many of our other -- we just don’t have a lot of EBITDA coming from like the Illinois plants. And so, the constraints just aren’t as big for us. And I think the other thing is our team got way out in front. I mean, this came to me more than a couple of months ago that we were concerned about this. And so, we’ve been managing toward that, and we’ve been working with the Burlington Northern folks. I’ve talked to their leadership team about getting more trains so that we can get them in and they’re doing the best they can. They know it’s important for this winter in Texas. So all in all, I think we really kind of took a, what I’d call, a $40 million opportunity loss in Q4, but we’re also going to have more inventory for Q1 of ‘22. And all of that’s baked in both of our guidance ranges.
Curt Morgan: Yes. It could be both, Steve. But, I think most of it, we’re looking at right now, this can be different in the future is back with our retail. And that’s actually -- we have an entity that lives between our wholesale and retail group that manages the supply. We call it the supply boat, but it manages supply for our retail business. And they buy and they sell to third-party retailers as well as to our own retail business. They’re the one that will ultimately end up contracting and then they will then supply our retail book as well as other retailers, but that’s where -- it’s really sort of back-to-back with our retail arm. And so, that’s where those contracts will be set up.
Curt Morgan: Well, yes, if you break these things -- and Jim, you can go. But if you break them out, right, and you say, okay, let’s isolate what impact do we have from our closing or retiring of our coal fleet, yes, there is some slight degradation in EBITDA from that. I will say that there’s very little coming from these assets and the value of these assets have been written down to zero on the books. So, they’re just not economically not contributing a lot and certainly not on an EBITDA basis. What we are seeing though is that, that effect is more than offset by over time as we invest in the Vistra Zero platform. So, we’re able to actually ultimately grow EBITDA over time as we invest. And so, we do see an increasing EBITDA profile when we project that out. So, while they do, if you isolate it, they do have a negative effect on EBITDA, meaning the retired coal plants, the other projects that are coming on more than offset that. Jim, go ahead. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt.
Curt Morgan: Thanks again for everybody for your interest in our company. I’m proud of what we’ve done after this February event. I think, we’re back on track. I feel like we’re as strong as ever and really appreciate the interest in Vistra, and we look forward to speaking to you in the near future. Thank you.
