David Campbell: Thank you, Curt. Turning now to slide 15, Vistra delivered 2019 adjusted EBITDA from ongoing operations of $3,393 million exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range. As you know, during our third quarter call we increased our 2019 guidance reflecting expected impact of the Crius and Ambit acquisitions. The favorability relative to our provided guidance was driven by higher gross margin from our ERCOT segment compared to planned results. Our adjusted free cash flow before growth from ongoing operations also exceeded expectations, coming in above the high end of our guidance range of $2,437 million. This favorability was due in part to the early receipt of alternative minimum tax credit refund of $93 million which we previously expected in 2020. After excluding the AMT refund, our free cash flow before growth still exceeded the high end of our 2019 guidance range. This outperformance was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA as well as capital expenditure discipline reflecting the impact of our ongoing operations performance improvement efforts. Focusing on the fourth quarter, our 2019 results were $55million higher than the same period of 2018 driven by the additions of Crius and Ambit and higher gross margins in ERCOT generation, partially offset by lower capacity revenue in our PJM and New York, New England generation segments. Before we move on to our final slide this morning, I will note that due to the retirement of four coal plants in our MISO segment in the fourth quarter, we moved the financial results of those plants out of the MISO segment and into the Asset Closure segment. We have similarly recast our 2018 results to account for this shift, which is why you will see that our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA for 2018 is $1 million higher than what we reported at this time last year. Slide 16 provides a summary of capital allocation. As of February 24, we have executed $1.418 billion for our $1.75 billion share repurchase program, leaving approximately $332 million of capital remaining for future share repurchases. You'll recognize that this is virtually the same amount of capital we had available under our share repurchase program as of our November earnings call. During the 2019 calendar year, we returned a total of $899 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As we emphasized during our November earnings call, our capital allocation priority for 2020 is debt reduction. We believe the achievement of our targeted leverage levels will support an upgrade to our debt ratings, and keep us on the path to investment grade. We also believe that advancing toward an investment grade credit rating can be one of the most powerful catalysts to rerate our equity, as it will be yet another proof point that the new business model we are operating is significantly de-risked from the IPPs of the past. We have heard from many investors, they will be more inclined to invest in our equity or will be more comfortable taking a larger position in the equity with an investment grade credit profile. We believe 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA is the appropriate leverage level for our enterprise in order to withstand business cycles and maintain investment flexibility independent of the consideration of investment grade credit rating. As a result, we remain committed to debt reduction in 2020 and delevering will be our near term capital allocation priority. However, we will continue to opportunistically evaluate repurchasing shares, or investing in promising growth opportunities, especially those that have a minimal impact on our credit metrics. Turning to our dividend, we announced earlier in the week that our Board of Directors approved an 8% increase in our annual dividend, resulting in $0.135 quarterly, or $0.54 per share on annual basis. Our first $0.135 quarterly dividend will be paid on March 31 to shareholders of record as of March 17. As we look ahead, we expect to have significant cash available for allocation in 2021 and beyond. We plan to layout our long-term capital allocation plan in the second part of this year. Our history has demonstrated that we have the discipline to be good stewards of your capital, returning meaningful excess cash to our stakeholders while investing in growth only when attractive opportunities arise. You can expect that long-term capital allocation plan will reflect a similar philosophy, including the significant return of cash annually to shareholders. We remain optimistic that with the ongoing successful execution of our business plan, our stock price will ultimately reflect its fundamental value. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
David Campbell: Thanks Shahriar. So look, I think to be very clear about this, in 2020 we are focused on paying down our debt and getting debt to our leverage targets. And look, I think a time like this frankly, essentially for me reconfirms that where we're headed whether our leverage is the right thing. When you get into situations, like what's going on with the pandemic, and it seems to be growing, I think financial strength is going to be proved out to be very key. And so, while we would like to buy our shares back, I mean, let's just be honest, we know that we're trading now, 20 and plus some change. It's a very attractive buy. We're also File 7 Higher gross margins in ERCOT generation partially offset by lower capacity revenue in our PJM in New York, New England generation segments. Before we move on to our final slide this morning, I will note that due to the retirement of four coal plants in our MISO segment in the fourth quarter, we moved the financial results of those plants out of the MISO segment and into the Asset Closure segment. We have similarly recast our 2018 results to account for this shift, which is why you will see that our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA for 2018 is 1 million higher than what we reported at this time last year. Slide 16 provides a summary of capital allocation. As of February 24, we have executed $1.418 billion or $1.75 billion share repurchase program, leaving approximately $332 million of capital remaining for future share repurchase. You'll recognize that this is virtually the same amount of capital we had available into our share repurchase program as of our November earnings call. During the 2019 calendar year, we returned a total of $899 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As we emphasized during our November earnings call, our capital allocation priority for 2020 is debt reduction. We believe the achievement of our targeted leverage levels will support an upgrade to our debt ratings, and keep us on the path to investment grade. We also believe that advancing toward an investment grade credit rating can be one of the most powerful catalysts to rewrite our equity, as it will be yet another proof point that the new business model we are operating is significantly de-risked from the IPP of the past. We have heard from many investors, they will be more inclined to invest in our equity or will be more comfortable taking a larger position in the equity with an investment grade credit profile. We believe 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA is the appropriate leverage level for our enterprise in order to withstand business cycles and maintain investment flexibility independent of the consideration of investment grade credit rating. As a result, we remain committed to debt reduction in 2020 and delevering will be our near term capital allocation priority. However, we will continue to opportunistically evaluate repurchasing shares, or investing in promising growth opportunities, especially those that have a minimal impact on our credit metrics. Turning to our dividend, we announced earlier in the week that our Board of Directors approved an 8% increase in our annual dividend, resulting in $0.135 quarterly, or $0.54 per share on annual basis. Our first $0.135 quarterly dividend will be paid on March 31 to shareholders of record as of March 17. As we look ahead, we expect to have significant cash available for allocation in 2021 and beyond. We plan to layout our long-term capital allocation plan in the second part of this year. Our history has demonstrated that we have the discipline to be good stewards of your capital, returning meaningful excess cash to our stakeholders while investing in growth only when attractive opportunities arise. You can expect that long-term capital allocation plan will reflect a similar philosophy, including the significant return of cash annually to shareholders. We remain optimistic that with the ongoing successful execution of our business plan, our stock price will ultimately reflect its fundamental value. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
David Campbell: I’ll add – just to reemphasize Curt’s point, this is David, that we, our tax group is very active managing this other than property taxes and some state franchise taxes we do not pay. And we do not have federal income tax liability or cash payments in 2019. And we don't expect to be a cash taxpayer for the next few years. And we're going to keep manage – actually managing that, keep that trajectory going as long as we can, very important to us. And as we noted, we received an AMT payment of $93 million in the fourth quarter. We also received another $35 million in the first quarter this year related to as Curt described some AMT claims from the Dynegy situation. But we’ll continue to very actively manage down our cash taxes.
David Campbell: You have it just right, Julien. These were based on forwards, if we were to shows, you know our proprietary point of view, you'd see very similar volumes to what you have in 2020. And so, I think what the big key will be is just what ultimately plays out in the market. But we feel pretty confident that our point of view, which has played out over the last four years will play out again for 2021. And of course, then we'd have the same level of production volumes that we've had from 2020 to 2021.
David Campbell: So, on a pure marked basis, because of the backwardation and the curve, and I think you know this, but what this is showing is our delta position, which effectively means, what is in the money at a particular curve. And so, and then what's the production resulting production from our power plants. And what we based the comment on Page 10 is our point of view, which - if we were to put the two curves out.
David Campbell: 2020/2021 point of view versus 2021 market, you would see and we've said this, we think there is a decoupling between where the curves are and where our point of view has been. We've also said that we've been saying this now for about four years where, and we've been accurate on this where the market has actually as we rolled into the prop year. For example going from 2020 to 2021 we've seen those curves pop up, as the market understands that the market remains tight, and that the supply/demand fundamentals are strong, which we expect to happen given our intelligence of what new build is going to look like and our understanding, of what load growth looks like. So again, that's the Page 10 comment is based on our view of the world, and Page 25 is based on a strict mark of the curves.
David Campbell: And all I add Michael. So we're various gas and that we have been various gas that’s proven out to be right. And we hedge that and then we continue to be bullish the heat rate and that's how power trades, that's where the liquidity is in ERCOT. That's not true with all the markets, but in ERCOT power sort of trades, gas and heat rate. And so, we are less hedged on the heat rate as you could tell, and we are more hedged on gas. And that is because we had a pretty strong conviction around just some bearishness around gas and frankly, it's sort of proven out to be the case.
David Campbell: Included in prior versions of this chart we had not shown what we described as growth CapEx, we only included a portion of it. So for example, the Moss Landing battery, so the way we've recast this page is to include all of our capital expenditures, including the growth capital expenditure. So for example, we've shown the row of growth CapEx $104 million in 2019 and $315 million in 2020. The significant majority of which is relates to our Moss Landing development, the battery development in California. So we just wanted to give folks a complete picture of CapEx because there was some confusion on that part of presentation, so it's an attempt to add to clarity.
David Campbell: Yes these were things that you could piece together previously, but you had to piece together in different places, but we've not added CapEx, we've just tried to show a holistic picture on this page in particular.
David Campbell: Yes if you look back from a year ago, our capital expenditures in 2019 were about $30 million lower than what we showed about a year ago. So the team showed good discipline on how they approached it and relative the last quarter for example, all in CapEx for 2020 is unchanged from what we showed.
Curtis Morgan: Thanks Shahriar. So look, I think to be very clear about this in 2020, we are focused on paying down our debt and getting debt to our leverage targets. And look, I think a time like this frankly, essentially for me reconfirms that where we're headed whether our leverage is the right thing. When you get into situations, like what's going on with the pandemic, and it seems to be growing. I think financial strength is going to be proved out to be very key. And so, while we would like to buy our shares back I mean, let's just be honest. We know that we're trading now, 20 and plus some change. It's a very attracted buy. We're also equally committed to get our leverage to where we said we were going to do it and we're committed to do it in 2020. So beyond that we've said later this year we will give a little more clarity about what we're going to do in 2021 and beyond. But I think we've given a little bit of a view of that, by saying we think we can invest in our business about a quarter what we believe on an ongoing basis will be about $2 billion plus of free cash flow. So I mean, the math just tells you that that's $1.5 billion that we can return to shareholders. I think the real question is going to be for our company is how do we do that. And I think that's a mix of recurring dividend and whether we side with the Board to change the yield that we're paying on the dividends that will definitely be on the table. And then, clearly if we're trading below value and our thought of what fundamental values this company, then the remainder that will go to buy back shares. I mean, it's not rocket science, and I'm not, speaking out of turn, it's just that's the way we think about it. And so – I think that's the – the next couple of years that's what it looks like. But we need to get the debt down to where we want it to be and we're committed to do it in 2020. We pushed it out once before, and we're not going to do it again. I think this is the right thing and I think to strengthen the company from a financial standpoint, it's the right thing to do. I’d also think it's very – and David alluded to this in his comments that we believe that ultimately, getting the debt down to where we want it to be will also be very accretive to the equity. So that's what we're doing in 2020 and 2021 and beyond. We have a substantial amount of capital return and it will be a mix of a recurring dividend and probably share repurchases.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, so very good question Shahriar. Thanks for asking that. So look, I think we are patient. We believe that getting our debt down to the 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA range this year is very important. And then I think also giving clarity to that long-term capital allocation plan, putting another year behind us and showing that we can meet or exceed our expectations, I think is also helpful. That's helpful to the agencies as well. I think one of the things they'd like to see is whether we can withstand the business cycles, including things like what's going on with coronavirus right now, which I think in 2020 we're going to have a very good year despite what could be, symptoms of a recession off of that, off the coronavirus. So I think we're very strong company, I think we’ll show that in 2020, but I think it's very important, for us to do that. Now, in terms of the direct question about, strategic options, I think we'll be patient through 2020 and into 2021 to see that play out. But I can also assure you that, the Board continually thinks about what's the best way to unlock value. You know that I spent a lot of time in private equity. And for me, the only difference between being a public company and a private company, is that every day I wake up I get a scorecard. I get my report card, it's in the form of our stock price. And from a private equity standpoint, they market on a quarterly basis, but I can assure you that most of those companies are marking their quarterly mark of their value based on what the public markets are creating at. And frankly at the end of the day, you unlock value the same way in both private and public market settings. You either do it over the long run or you do it at particularly with the private equity firms, you look for an exit, and the exit is limited. You know this right now, there's many private equity firms that would love to exit their generation, but there is no exit for them. And if they try to exit into the public markets, they have too much leverage and they don't have an integrated business model, which is what it takes to compete in the public markets. So, we think we can unlock this value in a public market setting it just may take a longer period of time. And we've got to be patient to do that, but I don't see that if there some silver bullet by becoming a private company that all of a sudden there's going to be this huge value uplift, because you've monetized the value of a company the same way whether you're public or private.
Curtis Morgan: Yes, so just you know that Steve that we do our own point of view, when it comes to reserve margin. We have – I don’t know if this is well known, but we have a very good development team. And one of the best ways to get intelligence on what's going on in terms of development in any market is to have a team that's actually out there and doing it. And so, we have a pretty good sense of things. Plus we know historically, in particular in Texas, kind of what the build out rate has been, from the CDR to what actually gets built, which has been a little bit below 50%. And what happened in the CDR this time, which I think most people know what that is, right. It's not, I wouldn't take that to the bank, anybody that invest on, by looking at the CDR is foolish. I mean at the end of the day, it doesn't have an economic overlay to it. And so, what happened though, is everything that was supposed to get built that didn't get built 2020 got pushed into 2021and that's kind of what happened and so it just keeps rolling out. So the CDR actually shows a big uptick in building and we think there's probably a little bit less than 50% of that, that's actually on the ground getting built for 2020. What that results in is a very manageable reserve margin going into, from 2020 into 2021, which in our view, if you look at low growth, and that's the big key really in Texas. But we've got some people who think it's going to be 3%, some people – around more like us about 2%. Either way, that new build is barely going to cover load growth in the State of Texas. So that's why we feel that the market is still fundamentally strong. The last point I'd make about that is that, the growing intermittent nature of the new build, because all that new build by the way, is going to be solar and wind and wind is dropping off by the way, just because the PTC is going away. And so wind – excuse me solar is the build out. And we all know that, there's an intermittent nature to that, depending on how the sun shines on any particular day. And we saw this last summer. And the reserve – overall reserve margin is not as important frankly, as the reserve margin ex, the intermittent resources. How much steel is on the ground, and especially in the summer months, when neither the wind or the sun are not performing at expectation. And that's really what's key to figuring out what the increase in pricing is going to be in the summer. And when you look at that, the market is really tight for those types of resources during those periods of time. And we expect we're going to get, probably four or five, maybe even up to 10 of those in any given summer and we're going to see high pricing. Then the key for us, frankly, is that we have assets that can perform. And we had – our commercial availability, which is basically, when you're available when you're in the money weighted by margin opportunity was almost 95% this year, which is extraordinarily high when you've got older coal in your fleet. So, we have to have that same performance. If we do that, and we see these same kind of fly-offs and given the supply/demand in Texas, we're going to see another good summer. And you can boil our company down in terms of the range that we give you guys on any given year, given the way that we hedge, you can boil it down to the summer months in ERCOT. That's really the game for us. And we think we're well positioned to that. We like the links that we have, especially given the fundamentals in Texas. And so, we're looking forward to this summer. We think with the ORDC, the core increase in standard deviation, this is going to be a real interesting summer again and there's going to be a great opportunity for our company.
Curtis Morgan: Okay I’ll take a shot and then David, I'd like you to comment too, but you’re just talking about like federal taxes right, I mean Julien that's what you're talking about.
Curtis Morgan: So as the forward curves, because they're going to be volatile, and there'll be periods of time where the price will pop up. And that's what, this is what we try to tell people, that's when we will hedge. And so, whether the market settles there or not, we are able to capture that value by hedging at the high points of where the curve is. And so, that's another key piece of how we create value in this company.
Curtis Morgan: [Indiscernible] once a year, you're pointing out the short position that we have on natural gas in 2021, but it's pretty natural and we think about hedging our natural gas equivalent position. So we went into in looking at our forward position, we went in with a point of view that we wanted to hedge more of our gas position relative to our power position. So that's why you see the big, relatively sizable short position on natural gas. So we're fully hedged for relative natural gas of 2020 in our view we’re about 85% hedged in our natural gas position for 2021. And that's just a view on how we like to – we want to put that hedge on and we're pleased that we did. So that just reflects the desire to hedge the natural gas equivalent position, and we can do that separately in ERCOT relative to the underlying heat rate or power position.
Curtis Morgan: Okay, yes thanks, everybody for taking the time this morning. As I stated earlier, and as we always say, we really do appreciate your interest in Vistra and we look forward to continuing the conversation about our company. Have a great day and a great weekend.
