Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO, Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 4, 2013 and our Form 10-Q filed on April 19, 2013. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the audio archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with the highlights of our second quarter's results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights. Then I will provide an update to our financial forecast for 2013. Finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing you with an update to our financial forecast for 2013 on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates of significant non-cash expenses starting with procedures. On our last call, we projected full year 2013 procedures to grow towards the lower end of a range of between 20% and 23% from the base of approximately 450,000 procedures performed in 2012. Now, based upon moderating growth rates for U.S. benign gynecologic procedures, we are adjusting our projection for full year 2013 procedure growth to a range of between 15% and 18%. Moving to revenues. As has been discussed earlier on this call, capital sales of da Vinci systems are highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth patterns. Moderating procedure growth has led to increased capacity in our installed base. Given this sensitivity, it is challenging for us to forecast the number of systems we expect to sell in the second half of this year, so we have widened our guidance range. Given the significant portion of our revenue that is derived from system sales, we now expect total 2013 revenue to range from approximately flat to 7% growth compared to full year 2012. Turning to operating income. On our last call, we forecast operating income to fall within a range of between 38% and 39% of net revenue. At this point, given our reduced revenue expectations, we are taking steps to scale back expenses. We do not intend to make short-term spending cuts in areas that would compromise our longer-term expansion strategies. As a result, we now anticipate full year 2013 operating income to fall within a range of between 37% and 38% of revenue. Now with regard to non-cash stock compensation expenses. On our last call, we forecast 2013 total stock compensation to total between $184 million and $192 million for the year. Based upon our current stock price, we are reducing our forecast to a range of between $164 million and $172 million for the year. Timing of recognition should follow a quarterly pattern similar to 2012. We expect other income which is comprised mostly of interest income to total between $17 million and $19 million in 2013. With regard to income tax, our Q2 tax rate was 28.6% of pretax income. Our rate for the remainder of the year will likely be close to that level. Our share count for calculating EPS in Q2 2013 was approximately 40.8 million shares. Directionally, in Q3, our share count will likely modestly decline from the Q2 level. The actual share count will depend on several factors including the magnitude and timing of share buybacks. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I think when you look at the overall guidance and the revised range, we are talking about general surgery performing well and in line with our earlier guidance. And similarly on urology side and international, so I think the change overall really is very much attributable to the benign gynecologic procedures in the U.S. And, so I think, we are still talking about growth. It's a moderating growth pattern and the trajectory for the quarters ought to follow a similar pattern to what we've seen historically.
Calvin Darling: The consent of the letter is really a reflection of the concept that was in 43 Form that was issued in June. There were four observations. There are two mentions in warning letter become public, but two mentions of things that like additional insight into. One of them had to do with the procedure by which recall is classified and their participation in that classification that was kind of the first bullet in that. And the other bullet, they want additional information on has to do with user input and design elements having to do a particular product. I think those are addressable. We are working on addressing them. I think we can address them quickly and move on.
Calvin Darling: They are. MHLW is working on guidance documentation for reimbursement, but more broadly than us for new technologies that's outline the data requirements for what that like to see in Japan, Japan specific data. For prostatectomy, we are able to use global data and had a good interaction with MHLW given current guidance, again, I think it is a class of products more broad than us. They are looking for additional data collection in Japan specifically. That's going to vary by procedure. The data requirements appear to vary by procedure having to do with maturity of clinical data and so it's not all locked down yet. We are continuing to work with surgical societies who in turn work with MHLW but given the visibility we have on it now, it looks like there will be partial reimbursement followed by national reimbursement on a timeline that has to be decided based on their daily requirements. As we get additional insight and understand it deeper, we will share that with you.
Calvin Darling: Yes. David, our wider range in the revenue guidance does reflect the slower growth in da Vinci procedures and really the uncertainty and the trend in dVH. Our underlying assumptions, we have seen roughly flat system utilization the back half of the year with a reduced growth assumption on procedures and the rest basically falls through. Again as we discussed, the capital sales are highly sensitive to changes the procedure growth trends in our guidance for materially fewer system sales in the second half of 2013 that the first couple other points on guidance while we are on the topic and we talk a lot about system ASPs. It's probably likely the second half system ASPs maybe modestly lower than the first half based on a higher proportion of the sales that may involved trade-ins with the low volumes. Then secondly the second half. Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure will probably also directionally be a bit lower than we saw the first half just based upon fewer stocking orders associated with the lower system sales.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I think there are a couple of underlying dynamics in the dVH space, and actually pulling them apart and putting numbers on them is very, very tough. One of them has been we have seen over recent quarters a pressure by payers on use of hysterectomy as a whole, and we are hearing that back through our surgeon channels. What it takes to authorized and hysterectomy and kind of conservative medical management before that we are also seeing their policies towards driving them into the regulatory setting versus in-patient settings. After that the deductible dynamics and another macroeconomic trends and then some. Intuitive-specific dynamics around negative press and and/or MCS notification and you've guys set of things that the contributors sorting exactly which is which in real-time is a very tough. It really is going to be survey data retrospective analysis to figure out which of those is dominant. Some of them are increasing trends. Some of them seem to be episodic trends.
Calvin Darling: Yes, and I think as the trends have been, over the last few years, gradual growth. Low mid-single digit percentage growth in utilization per system. Now they are almost 2,800 systems out there now and they are all at the various stages of adoption. So my point is it’s a large sample size and that metric historically has moved very gradually in direction.
Calvin Darling: As we think about opportunity, we look at it in terms of procedure growth regionally, so we look at U.S. and various regions and see what opportunity and penetration levels look like and they are non-uniform. It's not that the whole country is all at the same level of adoption. And as adoption is deep in some areas for gynecology that resource is to pursue general surgery and other things, so that's really how we are directing on our sales force.
Calvin Darling: It will be consistent with what we said in the past and we will look for the right opportunities to buy back shares, so looking this continuities and expect stock price from the market and we have authorized and we intend to use it appropriately.
Calvin Darling: Okay. On single site cholecystectomy, we have seen a good stick rate and in some ways better stick rate than past procedures in terms of early experiences and we have seen great growth out of some centers. One of the exciting things about single site cholecystectomy is that, number one, it's a procedure where surgeons can see high volume. And so when they move, they get a lot of experience quickly. So, the early part of that experience has been good. Having said that, there were absolutely some surgeons and there were absolutely some institutions who will not participate. There are some folks who believe in the value proposition and see the benefits it's bringing and bringing to them and it’s patients. Some centers have great growth in their admissions, but there are some who are on the sidelines and may stay on the side line, so I think it's going to split the field for some time. How far it penetrates and how long, I think that remains to be seen. I think, there is a segment of patients that value it. I think there is a segment of surgeons who value it and who are gaining experience rapidly, but trying to call where the end is something we can do.
Gary Guthart: I think the commentary is pretty much as we have outlined it for you. We see really an issue in the U.S., so the existing customers looking at capacity. We don’t see existing customers walking away from the technology or the opportunity but more a question of timing for them. So it feels more like delay than otherwise. As we have said in the past, I think that capital sales are really driven by three underlying drivers. One of them is additional capacity and existing customers. One of them is technologies or new features that they would like to get. The third are customers that are not yet da Vinci owners who are interested in engaging. We have had good success with the new technologies that we are bringing out. So we see that is as proceeding. I think the growth rate on benign gynecologic procedures has come in the second quarter grew, but grew at a slower rate than we were expecting. There is a multiplier effect there on capacity. So the capacity constraints in existing accounts will take some quarters to work out.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I think in terms of total in-patient admissions as a whole, and then people coming and seeking, women coming and seeking hysterectomy. As you know in-patient admission data broadly lags for a while, so we get out that by more or less the same way you do by talk to our customers, by looking at survey data and trying to look at other analysis. It's clear that in the first quarter total in-patient admissions were lower than people had expected them and in some cases and some institutions negative as a total. In Q2, we are hearing mixed feedback on total. For hysterectomy as a whole, our customers are seeing a pressure both, in Q1 and in Q2. Quantifying that in Q2 is tough just because the data likes and so qualitatively we have seen some pressure there and there are some things that are just hard for us to handicap in terms of intuitive specific events and their impact on benign test. Thing like the MCS notification are just harder for us to quantify what that impact was.
Gary Guthart: That’s a good question. Going forward, I think clearly, large-scale studies are, or multi-institutional, multi-surgeons are powerful and are important. Speaking to the headlines a little bit, I think that headlines often confound the differences between complex procedures and simples ones and the use of da Vinci as an alternative to open versus the da Vinci as an alternative to laparoscopy. I think there is a lot of very strong data for the use of da Vinci as an alternative to open surgery. That said, going back to your comment, we are investing in large-scale studies. They are not always prospective randomized trials. Sometimes, they are registries. Sometimes they are occupational trials. Sometimes they are prospective randomized. There is a lot on the institutions that are doing them and the nature of the data they already have and the data they are collecting. But we are believers in indicated tests. We think that matters and over time, we will see more of that come out, both in hysterectomy and in other procedures.
Gary Guthart: I will separate it into two things. I think I am going to take the second part first. The idea of, did we see a softening at the back end of the quarter in terms of procedures and that driving additional conservativism or the back half the year. We did not see a strong fall off in procedures through the quarter. It wasn’t that. We got to the end and procedures were really ramping down or anything like that in terms of rates. In terms of sensitivity, we came out of a strong fourth quarter of '12 both in procedures and in systems saw some mixed dynamics in Q1 across the industry us included. In terms of procedure volumes in-patient admissions and that's the benign hysterectomy for da Vinci. Growth rate really struggled to gain traction again in Q2 and I think that that has, added up to the sensitivity you are seeing in systems. I do think because systems are used for hundreds of procedures a year and we are doing a fair number of procedures in the U.S. that are benign hysterectomy procedures. There's the sensitivity that gets you to the capital number.
Gary Guthart: So the pipeline entering the quarter, as we commented three months ago was strong and that, as you know, capital sales tend to be back-ended. So it wasn’t until the end of the quarter that thing started to drop off. The reasons that we were given for systems falling off included things like an inability to get financing, just additional levels of approval required within hospital systems. So it just felt like a harder environment, from an economic perspective. It did feel like a number of them were pushed off. Now, we see them being pushed off. Do they ultimately get done is really hard to predict. We don’t know as someone has intent to buy because of hospital dynamics or concerns about the economy whether they will still have those concerns for a quarter or two out or whether those will go away and capacity will catch such that they buy. So its really hard for us to predict which ones will come back and which ones will not. But the initial commentary that you we are getting from hospitals was they are pushing them up.
Gary Guthart: It’s a very good point. As chole's and other simple procedures get done, they are faster. They also tend to be more schedulable. Benign disease patient can schedule into a slot often better or easier than in a case of a malignant disease. So as that becomes material and bigger, I think that utilization may well go up. I think ultimately that’s a good thing for hospitals and a good thing for us but it can create some uncertainty in terms of predicting where utilization ought to settle. Now, things like, just to add a point, colorectal procedures are also growing, our complex longer general surgery procedures and cancer procedures. So, you have both of those dynamics going on at once and so the mix change is the thing you have to predict to get to utilization and that’s how Calvin at his guidance on.
Gary Guthart: And just speaking for the long-term, looking out multiple quarters, our utilization is ultimately great for hospitals. They get a good return on their investment and it is great for the company. So over time if it heads that way then we will adjust.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I don’t think we are going to give specific percentage growth rates in the hysterectomy here but I think we are out of certain trajectory through 2012 and there was a noticeable change in the growth rate in Q1 that was continued out into Q2 and when we look at our guidance we are projecting out our growth rate at that lower trend.
Gary Guthart: With respect to the broader category that you outlined, I think there's really two things to think about or two ways to think about it. One is the absolute contribution of the individual procedure. So, for example, on a distal pancreatectomy or on a liver procedures, or spleen procedure esophageal. They are going to contribute the form of I&A, but really the hidden power there is the combination of strength from the surgeons that are performing a lot of the benign operations coupled with the strength of the surgeons who are seeing demand in things like colorectal distal pancreatectomy, collectively getting together into the system purchasing suite or decision. It is also pretty powerful. So we don’t really, per se, value them as one-for-one. I think the broader you go between malignant and cancer, I should say, malignant and benign, the more strength you see in terms of placing systems out of that particular vertical which we saw in gynecology and we saw in urology as well.
Gary Guthart: It is not definitive but the conversation is ongoing and per our statements we think that broad approvals across multiple procedures are unlikely. I can describe the process what the growth rate looks like, I think, is hard to predict. Process wise, we will submit data before the surgical societies. They will in turn work with MHLW. MHLW may require them to solicit and collect data in Japan. That may involve a partial reimbursement for certain number of centers. If so, then that will start the process of data collection for a group of hospitals in Japan. How many and how many procedures concurrently, we don’t have a resolution on yet, but as I said before, as we get closer to it we will share it with you.
Gary Guthart: Okay, that was our last question. I would like to close with a letter we received this week from a surgeon and medical director at one of the U.S. academic centers. We talked about our finances and cash flow and so on but this sort of takes it back to what the value of our products is and so this came from a surgeon and medical director. "What you are doing is touching patients' lives. It’s healing them and getting them better. You cannot put a price on curing some of their cancer and doing it with minimal change to their life. It is priceless. Let them inspire you to go ahead and continue the innovation to lead surgery in to the future. Patients are your partners in this endeavor. Sure everything can be refined and everything can be improved but you only get one chance sometimes to cure someone of their cancer. Your technology has given me a step up in that pursuit. Companies that help us change patients' lives will survive and prosper." This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
