Jamie Samath: Yeah. I would say the dynamics are quite different between when we launched Xi in 2014 versus where we are today. And I think the feature sets of da Vinci 5, which we haven't described I think an important context for you all, which we'll do once we have clearance. You look at relative penetration of da Vinci over that period, the extent to which leasing has changed significantly our OUS penetration. I think there are a number of factors, Larry, where I would not use the kind of Xi ramp and progression as a reference point for how da Vinci 5 might progress. But I think that I would make any further comments on that once we get through clearance and are able to talk to you about the feature set.
Jamie Samath: With respect to the lease. So I think there are a number of dynamics that in the end will motivate a customer to look at a trade even if they have an existing system under lease. If I hold everything else equal and just look at the fact that the asset is leased, I do think there is some benefit to the customer insofar as they can avoid a capital budget barrier to executing an upgrade. But I think you have to look at all of the other dynamics that we're yet to describe.
Jamie Samath: To some extent, it will obviously depend how that progresses both within our four walls and with our suppliers. Certainly, it’s several quarters. I would take several quarters to be something that's beyond a year, but I think you have to watch us make progress here, and we'll keep you updated.
Jamie Samath: Yeah. Let me take CapEx first. In '23 and '24, the majority of those capital investments are for manufacturing facilities and to add manufacturing capacity in particular to our Mexicali factory. So a significant portion of the depreciation that comes with that will show up in cost of sales, and that's reflected in part in the '24 gross margin guidance. Some of it will show up in OpEx, and that will therefore be reflected in SG&A. If I look at the relative growth in R&D and SG&A in '24, I think it's relatively similar. Obviously, innovation in R&D is important to us. But you will have a little bit of an impact in '24 at least for incremental depreciation. We still see opportunity to leverage some of our enabling functions. There are some other functions that also can leverage as we scale and grow, and so we'll look to do that over the next couple of years. With respect to the kind of operating margin expansion opportunity that I described in my prepared remarks. And we said over the medium term, I'd kind of broadly say that's a three- to five-year horizon. We have a specific set of actions and plans that we need to execute. Those teams have those as goals. There's some variability, obviously, in terms of how they get executed and there's some interrelationship between set of actions that need to be completed. So there are dynamics there that can impact the speed at which that gets executed. And of course, we have to run our business in the meantime.
Jamie Samath: Not ready to be particularly specific yet on when the supply chain challenges are behind us. For catheter, you have three dynamics. So we had a specific supply constraint that impacted us. We are, at the same time, transferring a number of catheter lines to Mexicali. And we're doing that as the business is effectively doubling, so you're bringing on new staff, you're having to train them. So that's a real effort that takes some time. And I think there's a little bit of variability in terms of when we get to point where that's behind us. So I'm going to let us have another quarter before we talk about when that's resolved. The teams are making clear progress, but there's work still will be done. On the vision probe, I think it's a relatively simpler problem for us to address. There isn't a supplier dependency within that particular area. It's really just us being able to execute, again, a line transfer as the business is doubling and the team are making great progress. But stay tuned.
Jamie Samath: Well, I think the first effect is we'll see the operating lease proportion of placements increased from where it's been. And again, that's because customers are motivated to have the protection that's in those clauses so that they can upgrade da Vinci 5 when it becomes more broadly available. So that was the first kind of message we wanted to provide in terms of 2024 modeling. In terms of then how that gets upgraded, it's really a function of when does da Vinci 5 launch, which obviously we can't be specific about right now, and there's some things to work through with FDA. And then what's the period of time over which we then go from a constrained or phased launch to a full launch. And so I don't see that particularly as somehow a revenue benefit in '24. I think what we're saying is you'll have more of the placements that are leased, and therefore, that revenue is spread over time.
Jamie Samath: Indications so far have been that, that anticorruption effort is a year-long effort which would take us to the middle of '24. And so that's why we indicated that we would expect delayed tenders through the period in which that effort is ongoing. We don't have great visibility, frankly, beyond the first half of '24. And that's why in the prepared remarks, we said at least through the first half of '24. So yes, if that effort was to be resolved, and if things start to normalize in terms of the pace at which tenders occurred, then you could see some opportunity for that to recover. But we're not in a position where we can predict that at this point.
Jamie Samath: Let me start with seasonality. And I'm not going to be specific on quarterly cadence, but I do think I tried to emphasize in our prepared remarks that we believe that the first half will be a tougher comp versus last year. And so using that, the comparison from last year and then also thinking about our historical sort of cadence throughout the year, I think you can look at that history and just make an assumption on what that growth rate -- what those growth rates could be by quarter. Let's talk about factors in the procedure guidance. So those -- there's really three primary factors, right? You have -- we've called out bariatric growth rates, and that's primarily a US factor. We talked a bit about from an OUS perspective, China, and then also backlog in the system. And so the backlog also being primarily a US factor. But could still be broader. But -- so I'm not going to go into specifics as far as US versus OUS. But I think I'd go back and just really center you on our comments around bariatric growth rates, right? Low end of the range assumes that there's some continued moderation in bariatric procedures and at the high end of the range that it assumes current growth rates. There's some impact in China at the low end of the range just from the discussion that we had right now an anticorruption and how long that actually persists and then the benefit of backlog and how that will persist throughout the year.
Jamie Samath: If you take a look at the US, and I'm going to put this in quartiles for a second in terms of where we are in the adoption curve, colorectal we're in the second quartile. Bariatrics, also the second quartile. Actually cholecystectomy and hernia all in the second quartile in terms of where they are along the adoption curve. And so that obviously gives us some continuing runway to grow, and that's a driver behind the US general surgery growth rates that we've seen. In the international markets, by the way, just in terms of general surgery, for the most part -- in most of the larger markets, we're in the first quarter of adoption. It's early. What we're seeing is growth start to stick and those don't start to be on early growth rates. Particularly in the cancer procedures, colorectal and beyond general surgery in hysterectomy and thoracic.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, we submitted for broad indications and in the IDE trial it was a broad indication trial. What that looks like in the end, we'll come down to how we answer some of the questions that come back and forth. So I'm not telling you what the end point is, but I can tell you what our starting point is. In terms of kind of breadth and depth, we think that it will allow for additional penetration into some of the categories we're in already. And maybe an analogy is you could do some general surgery with Si, the earlier system, we had clearances there, but Xi had some product improvements and some really nice forward progress that allowed us for greater penetration depth. So there's opportunity for depth. We think over time there's opportunity for additional indications. Those are unlikely to occur right out of the gate. And we think that there's some really nice indications to talk about or features to talk about in future calls.
Gary Guthart: I laid out in the script kind of what our design methodology was. I am dying to tell you more about da Vinci 5, but I'll wait for clearance and for the final back and forth with FDA so we can do that with a little more care. So that's kind of where we are on that set. We're excited about it. I think it is substantive and I think some of the improvements that we can bring are going to be interesting and exciting. We are submitted and we're in the back and forth with FDA. It is our hope that it is a ‘24 launch. They ultimately are the arbiters of when we get clearance. But what I'd say based on past experience with them is that we're in a constructive conversation that we understand. And if that goes the way we want, then certainly it's something we'd be excited about in ‘24. But I can't guarantee it because I don't have the clearance yet.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, I'll start with just a little bit of color on ASP and then I'll turn it over to Jamie. We won't call any ASP right now. We want to both get through the final clearances. What I will say is there are some differences relative to X, Xi that make that discussion a little detailed. And it's important for it to be detailed and clear for the customer to understand what they're going to be buying. So we're going to pause that for now. With regard to manufacturing ramp, clearly we're going to be in a phased launch. I think we'll be supply constrained in the early side of that, kind of intentionally as we work through manufacturing process, but in terms of pacing and what that might feel like, Jamie, let me turn it over to you.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, one of the things we talked about in the script is the increase in computational capability of the system, the re-baselining of that system. And one of the reasons for that is future programmability. Some of the things that we'll be able to bring out of the gate are pretty exciting, but it also gives us the opportunity to build on that base and sequential software releases. So it's a good pull-through, Robbie. The point you make is a good one, and we do want to pull through software capability. It will not just be software that we bring to market, but it's a starting point. Just to remind everybody back in the Xi launch period, Xi didn't have everything that we could possibly do with it at first year of launch either. It's something that as we build capability and build skill we can add to over time, and we've done that for years, we will do the same in dV 5, it is a platform upon which we can build for many years to come.
Gary Guthart: Thanks, Rick. On the SP front, we're pleased with the step forward they took in '23. It was good. We're seeing more focused efforts in our commercial team in the US, which has been good. We're excited about its entry into Japan, and we're starting to see a build of activity in Japan, too. So that's been good. We expect to see it in Europe in '24, and that's another nice step. And I think that's a broader set of clinical indications as it was in Korea and Japan. So it gives us a little more freedom to operate, which is great. In the US, we have trials that had finished accrual and have been submitted or will be submitted soon in thoracic and colorectal that will give our US customers more opportunity to use SP in a multiplatform -- multispecialty environment. So I think SP continues to be a nice build. So that looks good. And team has their marching orders and is working down that set of processes. We have a breast oncology trial that's ongoing that we're excited about also that will not make a big impact in '24, but starts to open additional opportunity for narrow access surgery thereafter. So that's kind of where we are in SP, so far, so good. I'll turn it over to Jamie and talk about Ion.
Gary Guthart: More likely to be a slight negative than a slight positive. And I think the things we've put in place for customer transparency, the ability to see it, work to mitigate the feeling of having to wait and they'll get a chance to put their hands on it and see it. But I don't see it as an accelerant.
Gary Guthart: In soft tissue surgery, I would just say, if you look at '23, the two primary growth drivers that we've called out is general surgery in the US, that grew 25% in 2023. And for OUS, beyond urology that grew 35% in '23. And at the core, we think those continue to be growth drivers for the business.
Gary Guthart: Sure. Jamie, I'll let you take the kind of characterization of where we are in the adoption curves of general surgery, hernia, benign, chole and so on.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Thank you for the question. We think that having a portfolio of choices makes a ton of sense for hospitals. And this will be a part of that portfolio. We talked about it in the prepared script. Got to give people choice. Some of that choice will have to do with how they view their practice. Some of it may have to do with what their site of care looks like and feels like. So that gives us some optionality and gives our customers optionality. I think that's really healthy. So thank you, Drew. Appreciate the question.
Gary Guthart: That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and caregivers in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim. Better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams and ultimately, a lower total cost to treat. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and in their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
