Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. The fundamentals of our business were healthy in the quarter, with solid procedure growth and strong capital placements resulting in healthy financial performance. In the quarter, we made good progress with all three of our system platforms, including taking our measured rollout of da Vinci 5 to our next phase, continuing to stabilize Ion supply in support of customer expansion and expanding da Vinci SP installs in Europe, while supporting SP procedure growth across regions. Some multi-port procedure headwinds continued from last quarter and we will describe these later on the call. Before turning the time over to Dave, I'd like to thank Marshall Mohr, our prior CFO and our outgoing Head of Global Business Services. Marshall will be taking his skills to pursuits outside of Intuitive in September this year, as he approaches his next endeavor. I thank him on behalf of all of us for his outstanding stewardship at Intuitive for the past 18 years. We are pleased to announce that in addition to his role as CFO, Jamie will expand his responsibilities to leading our information technology and global facilities teams. I'll now turn the time over to Dave, who will take you through commercial and operational highlights in greater detail.
Gary Guthart: Travis, I would just add, your question, part of your question is on the demand side. I would say that in the early phase of a launch, you have a tendency to see early adopters look for the latest technology and also the larger institutions, the large IDNs. And so you have to kind of give it some time to see the full set of customers in terms of what that interest will be and the segments of customers, again, that will look for evidence to build over time, for customer belief to build over time. And so you probably need some time to see the full set of customers in terms of what the full picture of demand for da Vinci 5 is and again that take some time. Da Vinci 5 is a platform that, as we did with Xi will invest in overtime and so you'll build a set of capabilities also over time.
Gary Guthart: So I think on the administrative side, as long as you can demonstrate that the quadruple aim or the quintuple aim is being satisfied, that they are getting value for the relatively modest apples-to-apples price increase, I think we feel pretty good. I would say on force reflection and on case insights, these are powerful foundational new capabilities that are going into the market. And I think that's really interesting. And we'll work with leading customers to start evaluating where do they make sense and where don't they. We of course believe that there are going to be procedures and patient populations where they make a ton of sense and they generate real value. So early, it is about data generation and research and feedback. And later, we will start to drive that through clinical publications and other things. So I think there is a left hand, right hand here. Some of it is what you get today. You get precision, you get imaging, you get ergonomics, you get throughput. There are some things that in this platform you get to participate in its research and development. That will come later. Then it is a core technology platform upon, which we can build. Jamie mentioned it earlier. So it is that set of sequences that gives us some confidence to keep pushing hard.
Gary Guthart: Yes, so with respect to getting a patient into the diagnostic pipeline, that's kind of an independent variable from Ion and or da Vinci. And so that's through screening or incidental findings. But once they're in there, then Ion is offering really, really effective way to go and biopsy that lesion. And so, we look at kind of two main variables there. One is the size of the lesion, and then one is the diagnostic yield. And so the important part of this, is to diagnose smaller and smaller lesions. Now, the smaller the lesion, it is correlated to cancer stage. And that's where if you get it at stage 1A, you can have very, very high survival. So we're pushing towards smaller lesion size. And then diagnostic yields that are as good as possible, approaching TTNA levels or CT guided biopsy levels, and eventually we hope to exceed those. And so those together, Ion is proving to be a really effective tool at doing that well, while maintaining an improved safety profile over CT guided needle biopsy. And so, when somebody is diagnosed with Ion and it is deemed to be cancer, then oftentimes they may move to a da Vinci procedure. It's really up to the tumor board and that physician about the best way to treat that patient. It may be with da Vinci, it may be with radiation or some other alternative. So oftentimes they're coupled, but not all the time.
Gary Guthart: Yes. With regard to how to think about the range, I'm going to ask Brian to step in and do that. So Brian, do that, and then we'll come back to talk a little bit about GLP-1s and I'll perhaps take that. And then I think on China, I'll take it to Dave.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Speaking of bariatrics, two effects are going on. The GLP-1s are changing to the surgical market. And even within that, there is some share change between laparoscopy and robotics that's going on. So you have two things that are coming through and they net out. It is not - the impact of GLP-1s on the bariatric surgery market from our perspective in aggregate has not bottomed yet. And the reality is I don't think anybody knows when and where that will exactly settle for a couple of reasons. I think some of it is looking at the puts and takes of effectiveness, and you have constrained access to the drugs and you have some new drugs in the pipeline. So that will play out over time. And if somebody told you they knew the answer, I'm not sure I believe them. Having said all that, we're not depressed about it. I think that it will play out. I think there's a role for bariatric surgery, and I think in our customers' hands with our systems, I think that surgery has done well. So I think we're just going to have to all go through it together. I think we're going to look that experience together. With regard to kind of longer-term outlook of procedures in China and overall sentiment. Dave, I'll kind of kick to you.
Gary Guthart: One - two comments I'd make on both the headwinds. I think at some point, I'd expect both of them to be time limited. I think there'll be an equilibrium that will be found between GLP-1s and surgery at some point. I also feel like the rebase line in - the economic rebase line in China and the integration and emergence of domestic systems. But those things will start to find an equilibrium also. How long is that going to take, is I think what's underlying this question and the answer is we don't know. But I think that minimally invasive surgery in China is highly valued. There's a belief in robotic-assisted surgery as being important. And our products and ecosystem is valued. So, I think that we're enthusiastic about completing that.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I'll start - good you asked yes, I agree with him. No shock. Maybe just to reiterate our position. There's two different ways that it can help grow long-term. One way is to go deeper into the procedure base, we're in already to help care teams and physicians who have thus far not wanted to adopt, or have chosen not to adopt, or have had a barrier to adoption, to help them adopt. And that can be so - through some of the functionality of DV5 and what it does, a little bit of easier access to other capital for example, of Xis become more used in more places, it can release access constraints together as a portfolio, those are powerful things, and that speaks to what Dave spoke about. We don't think we're done getting additional indications on DV5 and those are things that could happen in the future. And as we get closer and see what those opportunities are, we'll describe them.
Gary Guthart: I'll wrap it there. Thank you. That was our last question. In closing, we believe that there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have now termed the quintupling, better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, better access to great care and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision the future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking to you again in three months.
Dave Rosa: Thank you, Gary. Starting with procedures, we experienced solid growth in the quarter of nearly 17% compared with a strong Q2 2023, which reflected the return of patients post pandemic. Cholecystectomy, colon resection, lung resection and foregut procedures led global procedure growth. General surgery led U.S. procedure growth in the second quarter and outside the U.S., procedure growth was led by non-urology procedures. Regional performance included strength in Europe, led by Germany, the U.K. and Italy. And in Asia, we have mixed market conditions largely consistent with Q1. Brian will describe these dynamics later in the call. Turning to capital, we placed 341 da Vinci systems in the quarter, of which 320 were multiport systems, including 70 da Vinci 5 systems. Our teams installed 21 SP systems and 74 Ion systems in the quarter, with solid capital placements in the U.S., Japan and India and pressure in Europe and China. System utilization defined as procedures per installed clinical system per quarter grew 2% globally year-over-year for our multiport platforms, lower than our historical trend, reflecting procedure strength a year ago due to patient backlogs. Utilization for SP and Ion continued to grow in the double digit range in the quarter. Turning to our finances, revenue growth of 14% in the quarter reflect solid procedure performance and strong capital placements. Product margins were above our expectations, reflecting a combination of cost reductions, fixed overhead leverage and some one-time nonrecurring benefits. Operating expenses reflected plan leverage in our enabling functions. Jamie will take you through our finances in greater detail later in the call. In Q2, we moved into the next phase of our rollout of da Vinci 5. Within the quarter, we placed 70 da Vinci 5 systems. As the launch continues to progress in line with our plans, customer feedback points to improvements in precision, imaging, ergonomics and integration, the combination of which customers indicate has led to overall efficiency improvements. Both Force Feedback and Case Insights bring new capabilities and analytics to surgery. We are encouraged by early insights these capabilities are presenting and are working hard to improve production and supply for Force Feedback instruments and smooth our computational pipelines and workflows for Case Insights. We expect these capabilities to be powerful and the maturity and evidence of impact to build over coming quarters. We launched new products thoughtfully centered around outstanding customer experiences. As our customers pursue operational and clinical excellence, we continue monitoring several key metrics across our measured rollout of da Vinci 5, as we ramp our supply and respond to customer input. We expect our measured rollout to continue through the first half of 2025. Adoption of our digital products and services grew nicely in the quarter, with routine use of My Intuitive App expanding to nearly 14,000 surgeons and surgeons using Intuitive Hub more than doubling versus a year ago. The long-term opportunity for computational tools is both significant and difficult. To recognize these benefits at scale requires a foundational infrastructure that includes robust, curated data, secure data warehousing and global privacy compliance. Our digital ecosystem, including Case Insights, leverages this infrastructure and enables us to collaborate with customers on a global scale to identify meaningful insights. These insights enable customers to optimize their robotic programs and ultimately reduce time to proficiency and improve clinical outcomes. As we said before, validations take time and are a worthy pursuit. Turning to Ion, our teams have made material progress resolving supply constraints on catheters and vision probes. Excellence in manufacturing at scale in this space is complex and we continue to reinforce our capabilities. Our commercialization in Europe continues according to plan and our teams are progressing towards commercialization in China. Turning to SP, last week we received FDA clearance for thoracic procedures. We will be measured in our thoracic indication launch, as we work to build a robust training and proctoring network, as well as bring stapling to our SP platform. In closing, we are committed to our 2024 priorities, supporting our measured launch of da Vinci 5 and our other new platforms by region, supporting surgeons adoption of focus procedures, continuing to improve product quality and margins and finally improving productivity in those functions that benefit from global scale. I'll now turn the time over to Jamie, who will take you through our finances in greater detail.
Dave Rosa: Hi, Larry, it's Dave. Answering the second part of your question, first around the stimulus. In talking to our teams, we don't see that it's going to have a material impact on the placements of systems or an impact on the quota. With respect to kind of the operating environment of China and the anti-corruption that you referenced, there's no question that the operating environment remains challenging. The health system in China is kind of rebasing around economics and medtech, I think that's clear across the industry. On the placement side, customers are continuing to value our offerings clearly and we're seeing as, you know, the emergence of domestic systems. And so in spite of those challenges and everything that's going on in the environment in China, we're still seeing double digit growth in procedures. So we remain confident and look forward to continuing our investments and focus in China.
Dave Rosa: Yes. Hi, Travis, it's Dave and again. There -- it's a couple of the factors that we've discussed in the past and it's really kind of three primary areas. One is making sure that we are maturing our supply chain and our manufacturing capacity, so that we're again able to get to the quality, to the cost, to the yields that we expect as we approach a broad launch. The second part is what Jamie described around the software and hardware update, where we're trying to get that integrated into our systems and balancing the factory output. And then the third thing is, listening to our customers. And so as these placements happen, we're listening to our customers and responding to their feedback and we'll be releasing some software updates along the way here in order to respond to that feedback. And so we want to get that in place before we get to product launch.
Dave Rosa: Yes, Rob, maybe I'll start. This is Dave. Just starting with some of the feedback that we've discussed before, you look at what customers are immediately appreciating and some of the things you would expect around ergonomics, increases in precision and vision, the head in UI, onscreen graphics and other things. And so taken together, each one of those features are leading to some efficiency gains in particular in sort of console time. And that has been kind of noticed across the customer base. And I think that's where we're starting -- we're hearing a little bit about what can that mean in terms of adding a procedure a day, increasing utilization of the system. And so that's what both our surgeon customers and our executive customers are noticing as a result of their investment in da Vinci 5. You know, some of the other features, Case Insights, Force Feedback, we're excited to work with customers and we know that's going to take time to develop and really quantify some of those impacts. In terms of pushback, today what we are seeing is a little bit what Jamie talked about. We are starting, customers will have to evaluate the value of da Vinci 5. We have these early adopters that are excited about what it can be. And as we move in through our measured launch, we will continue to have to underscore, and reinforce the value that it brings, and communicate that to executives and their teams.
Dave Rosa: Yes. So, Gary, in all of my discussions and with the team, surgeons prefer the use of da Vinci 5 for the reasons we talked about.
Dave Rosa: So, I do think there are several ways to consider force feedback and think about it. One of them is, we do think it can have an impact on learning curve. And so as laparoscopic surgeons, or newer surgeons to the platform adopted. We believe that force feedback and looking at force feedback through case insights, can improve their time to proficiency on the robot. When it comes to kind of longer term clinical outcomes and what force feedback and the data surrounding it, it's what Gary described. We believe it to be a powerful component of looking to the future and saying, how do we improve surgical outcomes? Does gentler surgery imparting less force on tissue have a difference in outcomes? Our hypothesis is strongly yes. And so that is what is going to take multiple quarters in time to develop. But I do believe there is kind of two segments where force feedback can have that impact.
Dave Rosa: Yes. What I would say about the longer-term kind of outlook here is our offerings, when I said before, are highly valued in China. The systems are utilized at a high clip. And we're there's value that surgeons and patients place on high-quality, minimally invasive care. And so that's the, I think, the draw of this. In terms of some of the headwinds and to me, there are kind of two areas. One is the capital environment that we talked about, and with constrained capital environment and placements, it has an impact on procedure growth. And then, there's other areas around this kind of rebasing by the government around economics. And so, it has various impacts. It can have impacts in provinces around charge codes and that is another headwind for us in terms of procedure growth and utilization long-term.
Dave Rosa: Sure, sure. I'll take that. So some of the near-term additions that we're talking about include the integration of hub capabilities of Intuitive Hub. And then from the surgeon having this head end experience, when they're in the console, they'll be able to start accessing and controlling Intuitive 3D models, being able to manipulate them from the console with the controls there. And also, they'll have the ability to access and replay intraoperative video. And then we'll also include and integrate in simulation. So that kind of gives you a flavor, I think, of some of the pieces that we're adding that we've talked about in these hardware and software upgrades. In addition, there will be some software upgrades that include responding to customer feedback as well. And some of the things that we've heard as we're going through our measured launch here. And then if you look a little further out, some intraoperative technology building blocks that we're working on, such as procedure step mapping and 3D depth mapping that will use some AI and ML algorithms and leverage this compute power of da Vinci 5. And those things will set us up for some more advanced features in the future that leverage that foundation.
Dave Rosa: Yes. The work on the IDE has progressed. We don't have any additional detail at this point. And obviously, that then adds another category with respect to the set of indications in the U.S. And I think it does have - give us the opportunity to both supplement SP procedure growth in the U.S. And add to the growing utilization we see of the SP platform in the U.S., but I think we also have the opportunity for additional indications over time in the U.S. Colorectal like thoracic will also require the SP stapler.
Jamie Samath: Hi, Larry, it's Jamie. I would say for the second half of 2024, you should expect dV 5 placements in the U.S. to increase modestly quarter-to-quarter and that in part reflects the fact that we do have this hardware, software update that we described. And so you have to organize how you do that build plan through the factory carefully for that update. And we said we'd be in a measured rollout through then the first half of 2025. With respect to how we've organized the measured rollout of dV 5, we've really focused the sales force on looking to place da Vinci 5 for incremental capacity for our customers versus the trading cycle. I think we'd rather get to a broad launch where we essentially have unconstrained supply relative to demand before we look at the trade-in cycle. Just a couple of comments on the trade-in cycle. I think I wouldn't expect a trade-in cycle to suddenly emerge and take off quickly. I think what we've seen in the past is that that's progressive and over multiples of years and in part that will reflect the fact that many customers will want to evaluate da Vinci 5, they want to see evidence grow over time in terms of its capability and feature set. And of course their desire for da Vinci 5 will depend on their individual program and what they see, the value of that in part given the higher pricing or lease costs for da Vinci 5.
Jamie Samath: Yes, I would just say that, we kind of describe from a sequential basis what drove the improvement quarter-on-quarter. It was lower inventory reserves. Our teams did an outstanding job with respect to component cost performance with our suppliers and in the logistics area. And that kind of came in earlier than we expected. Those are a set of teams that for a couple of years had been working on supply because of COVID and the pandemic. And what happened in terms of supply constraints and those teams in more recent periods have refocused on cost reductions. And we saw that come in early and so we were really pleased to see that. And so great performance in the quarter. You saw us improve the guidance for the year. I would say if we -- as we look at the second half, you will see increased depreciation, as I described. You will see a high proportion of the revenue be new products, da Vinci 5 and Ion and SP. In Q2, all of the 70 da Vinci 5 placements, only 11 of them were purchase arrangement. So kind of a muted effect in terms of gross margin in the quarter. The other placements are operating leases, where you see the economics play out over time.
Jamie Samath: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter, it can be a little lumpy depending on those expenses the kind of - are not consistent across quarters. So I just say if you take the first half, OpEx grew 9%. And you look at the updated guidance, it says the second half grows 11% to 15%, 16-ish percent. So an acceleration in the second half. From a framing perspective, roughly we're looking to maintain R&D about revenue growth and it's been at 11%. Last couple of years, the first half is about 11%. And then you've seen us describe how we've been leveraging enabling functions. In terms of then what the OpEx guidance was on the last call versus what it is today, there are some of those lumpy expenses that are no longer in the year just, because of timing. We have looked at some headcount that we had planned for the year that, we've pushed into 2025. That's really around focus, not around anything other than focus. Where you see opportunities to continue to leverage maybe at greater rates than we expected, then we'll realize those efficiency benefits. But we do expect second half operating expenses to be higher than the first half. And that's primarily driven by depreciation. Not ready to be specific about what the relative increase in depreciation expense is, but it is contemplated in that ramp up in second half operating expenses.
Jamie Samath: Yes. I would just say in the U.S., demand for Xi kind of has two segments to it. You have customers that need incremental capacity, da Vinci 5 isn't available in the time that they need it. And so they're entering into arrangements with us, to take Xi now to serve that expansion of capacity they need. And then they have the upgrade right built into the arrangement to move to da Vinci 5 when it becomes available likely in broad launch. You have another segment of customers in the U.S. who are kind of wait and see with respect to, what the value will be of da Vinci 5. And again, they look for building evidence and kind of a broadening of customer belief, and part of that consideration is the profile of that customer, what their strategy is, what their procedure mix is. And of course, as part of the consideration, they're looking at the incremental price, which as Gary described, when you do the full stack isn't actually that significant. But - those customers that have tight capital budgets who like Xi, which is a capable system are more a wait and see. So I think in terms of - as you look forward, that will evolve with respect to how da Vinci capacity expands, and the extent to which then more customers can take that system. But there is a segment of customers that really like Xi.
Jamie Samath: Yes. Just in terms of our OUS plans, I think it's consistent with what we have communicated, which is we're in discussions with Korea and Japan and don't expect to launch in Europe, before the end of next year. And so as we look beyond that, it's just too early to detail out those plans, and we'll let you know as they get a little bit more into focus here.
Jamie Samath: Specifically, 70% gross margin, that's not sustainable in the shorter term. It continues to be our aspiration to have gross margin at 70% in the medium term. There's work for us to do over that period with respect to obviously da Vince costs. We have to continue to progress on Ion and SP costs. And as we've said, we have incremental depreciation in the second half and more significant incremental depreciation next year. And so that will also require us to then manufacturing capacity related, which you build in chunks. We'll have to revenue leverage that incremental depreciation over a period of time. Certainly in terms of the baseline of where we are at, the cost reductions we described on component costs, and logistic costs have come in a little earlier and that's why we've raised the guidance, for gross margin for this year. But the aspiration for 70% gross margin is still a medium-term aspiration.
