Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to Intuitive Surgical's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Director of Finance. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call maybe deemed to contain forward-looking statements [Audio Gap] including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 5, 2015. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our first quarter financial results. Patrick will discuss marketing and clinical highlights. Then I'll provide our updated financial outlook for 2015. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: No. I think in general, we are seeing increased Vessel Sealer utilization in the field. What you're seeing less of there is initial orders of the Vessel Sealers and the generator products that are part of that initial sale. A bolus of hospitals had now made those investments and that had run through our accessory line. Also the -- that's right.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I mean, there is certain element of timing in terms of new hires and programs. But I think it really the exchange impact that we’ve been talking about in terms of its impact on revenue and margin as an effect of reducing the expenses in U.S. dollar terms and it’s largely that that you’re seeing.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. And one thing that was interesting, Imron. Last year for 2014, we did about 60,000 prostatectomies in the United States. If you look at the international market all-in, it was 65,000 with a lot of room to grow as was described.
Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us on the call today. In the first, we experienced solid growth in procedures, modest system sales growth and increase pressure on product margins. Starting with procedures, year-over-year growth in the first quarter was approximately 13%. Growth was led by general surgery, particularly hernia repair and colon and rectal resections. Early response by surgeons to the use of da Vinci and early datasets in these procedures are very encouraging. Urology also continued to show growth, maintaining growth rate seen in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year performance in gynecology grew modestly over Q1 of 2014. Procedure outperformance was broad based and included U.S., Europe and key markets in Asia. Patrick will review procedure trends in greater detail later in the call. Looking at trends in capital sales for the year, we placed 99 systems in the quarter compared to 87 in the first quarter of 2014. da Vinci Xi continues to draw significant interest from our customers. Sales in Europe are historically lumpy and Q1 sales were lower than Q4 due primarily to seasonality. System placements and distributor markets were solid in the quarter. In Japan da Vinci Xi was cleared for sale at the end of Q1. We placed one Si system in Japan in Q1 as customers waited to evaluate Xi. We have remained focused on supporting Japanese customers and pursuing reimbursement and continue to make progress in daily collection and analysis. Turning to costs, margins decreased relative to prior quarters as a result of three main drivers. First, manufacturing cost as a percentage of revenue for our new system and advanced instruments remained higher than our more matured products. As these new products make up a greater percentage of our sales, our aggregated product margins have declined. Second, service costs for our Xi Imaging system have remained higher than we would like, as we work new technologies into our supply chain. We are addressing both manufacturing and service costs, and we will pursue the reduction diligently over the next several quarters. Finally the strength of the dollar was a negative in margins. In the first quarter, financial and operational hedges have offset some of the impact of exchange rates, although, we expect the impact of exchange rates to increase through the year. Marshall will take you through this and other financial performance in greater detail later in the call. In summary, our operating performance for the first quarter is as follows. Procedures grew 13% over the first quarter of last year. We placed 99 da Vinci Surgical Systems up from 87 in the first quarter of 2014. Total pro forma revenue for the quarter was $532 million, up 9% from prior year and up 11% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Total pro forma instrument and accessory revenue increased to $277 million, up 8% over prior year. We generated a pro forma operating profit of $185 million in the quarter compared with $189 million in the first quarter of 2014 and pro forma net income was $135 million compared to $139 in Q4 -- in Q1 of 2014. In product development, we are rounding out our Xi system offering by launching additional EndoWrist Instruments, developing Single-Site for our Xi system and integrating table motion on to the Xi platform. We expect to submit our 510(k) for software that enables table motion with our Xi system in the third quarter and the 510(k) for Xi Single-Site Instruments in the second half of the year. For da Vinci Sp, our dedicated single point of entry architecture, development remains on track with system integration and laboratory testing in process. I will now turn the call over to Marshall who will review our financial performance.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Thanks for the question. As I look at ventral hernia, I think that you are seeing pretty nice response, the early response from surgeons and the data looks, looks quite good. I think long term there that’s moving in a positive direction for us, how big that total market is, still little bit hard to estimate. But the early returns there look like surgeons are finding value pretty quickly. When you look at inguinal hernia, there are some sub segments in that. And so that one -- that picture is little more complicated or little more nuanced. There are clearly some cases that are more complex even because the disease is more advanced or because the patient has comorbidities in which da Vinci really is delivering value. We’re getting a lot of great feedback and there are some other procedures that are little simpler and a little different where it’s used maybe a little bit more optional. I think we’re going to have to let that play out. So I think on the renal side, there is clearly a segment that matters and there are some other segments that maybe less so and we won’t know for sure until we see few quarters pass.
Gary Guthart: Really speaking to the -- too soon to make any commentary really in the second quarters. Speaking to the first quarter, it really -- that said of preauthorizations and conversation is the continuation of a trend. We didn’t feel the nature of those conversations really change with our customers. We are attracting it in Q2 and that’s something that we can give you more detail on our next call.
Gary Guthart: One of the underlying drivers we think for return of some strength in dVP. In the U.S. is that we’re seeing some patients come back into surgical options as falling out of watchful waiting. And you see some patients being diagnosed later as a result of less PSA screening. So it’s little bit of both of those things, I think, are contributing to growth. You’ve seen that stability now for a few quarters in a row. It seems to be evident.
Gary Guthart: Going back to the comments on Xi, what we’ve said in the past is that our margins on our newer products and we typically talked about Xi stapling and vessel sealing, we’re lower in -- we'll be lower in the early stages of introduction and that will work to reduce those cost every time. We have always provided the caveat that it doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll get to the same level as our mature products. They are highly complex products. And so -- and they have added features to them. And so we never committed that we would get back there. Having said that, I think that they had room to improve from where we are and we are working hard on those improvements.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. So I think, we’re seeing strengthened in the U.S. general surgeries. So we would expect that to continue to strength there is centered on hernia and colorectal. Colorectal recessions, the data looks really good. There is a lot of data that started to come out. We expect that that will be a big risk conversation but the early results we’re seeing particularly as a result -- as it relates to the large population of patients were getting open surgeries looks great. I think that hernia would continue on its growth rate. It’s on the fast growth rate. I think as surgeons find value as those publications come out. I think that would support the higher end. Urology has had some macro environment positives but we would have to see those continue to be at the high end. And then gynecology has stabilized in this quarter. Although we think as Patrick has described in his prepared remarks that hysterectomy, the fundamentals around hysterectomy are likely staying about the same environment and we think that we’re really just looking at Q1 over Q1 changes here. So to be on the high end, I think you have to see positive support there and a stabilization of the coli business. And just to kind to add -- sorry Ben, to add the other end of it, what would be the assumptions to get to the low end? Probably you would be assuming a higher degree of payer push back on some of the benign gynecologic procedures.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I don’t think its so much of product availability problem. I think it’s you can do a lot of certainly the introductory work on Si systems. For sure, Xi makes a difference in much quadrant and so that’s something we’re working on. Part of it is excess to training although I think honestly more of it is going to be surgeon education, surgeon interacting with their peers and looking at the data and the potential benefits. So some of its just pure adoption dynamics, peer to peer interaction.
Gary Guthart: So when you talk about the old run rate, I’m not sure which period you’re speaking about. I think that as we go forward, -- again not to sound like a broker record. But we’ll continue to look on cost associated with the newer products. I think that there are numerous dynamics on a long-term basis. So we haven’t put out any guidance beyond this year. And the numerous dynamics include over time. We’ll see some pressure on capital. We’ll defend what we have in terms of instrument and accessory and recurring revenue margins. We will and we’ll -- as we expand into products like stapling and vessel sealing will be taken a greater share of the overall wallet but likely at a lower margin. So there is things going for us and then they are saying several push back on it.
Gary Guthart: The two dynamics going on with regard to the capital side in Japan. One of them is folks really coming into valuate Xi. The -- that's not in hospital that’s looking at the product and understanding its differences vis-à-vis Si. Now that’s happening now, the interest in it is quite high. What that looks like in terms of translating that interest into sales, we’ll see in the quarters. Our longer term in terms of building new programs, that really is going to be dependent on the reimbursement conversations that we’ve been having in this call and prior calls. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Just functionally, where the adds remain, you’re right, it was 140 new employees added. We added in the quarter with 3,118 employees. I think majority of the add this quarter were in the product operations area, specifically in manufacturing, product developments and quality groups, and secondarily continuing to invest in our international organizations, including Japan and to a much lesser extent the U.S. commercial side.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. On the capital side, I think, there are a couple of things in the quarter that were a little more specific to us. On the U.S. side we see hospital systems, particularly corporate ownership optimizing their capital portfolio, it actually makes perfect sense. And so what they are doing is looking at where they want their systems both within hospitals and between hospitals that they own. We support them in doing that. And that’s, I think, will drive capacity consumption. And so on those bigger customers, they are doing that and we see that, that's not new for the quarter we’ve seen that for the last few, but I expect that trend to continue. For sure you saw a difference in Japan. I think a year ago in Japan, Marshall, the number was 19 down to 1. So that has to do with the things we had talked about prior about Japan both reimbursement and timing of Xi. I think that's the real question becomes, the answer of your question is going to come down to available capacity on systems and existing customers. How hard can they push capacity utilization before they need additional systems. We have a pretty good read on that for single hospitals. What changes the dynamic is our corporate-owned hospital groups, where they are willing to either move doctors, move patients or move systems to get higher utilization and that part is not yet clear where that will settle.
Gary Guthart: What, a couple of things there, one is, we’ve periodically both in-source and outsourced, I wouldn’t tag one particular thing as the general trend here. In terms of Xi cost reductions, the work that we are doing tends to be a fair number of little things. It’s not a one big activity that does the trick. It’s really optimizing both component manufacturing, looking at manufacturing yields in various parts of the line and working with suppliers who have better processes. So it’s a lot of little work and I wouldn’t tag it to one thing in particular. On the service side, some of it is really getting to utilization of our products and what service costs are both in terms of building out the field replaceable units in the field, so there’s some investments to make that happen, as well as optimizing kind of the ruggedness of some products in some environments. And so we are -- those -- that's the main focus on that product side. As Marshall said, we expect the instruments and accessory side to recover our margin quickly. We think the system side will be a little slower.
Gary Guthart: I think our commentary is similar to what we had talked about last quarter. Given the choice for competitive block time on one of our systems, if they can trade it off between a hernia procedure or colorectal procedure or prostatectomy, quality tends to be a lower priority. We see surgeons and patients who are delighted with the results and who are committed to it. And we see some folks who -- if they have a barrier else we’ll switch to a different approach and if there is a barrier having to do with machine access or so there is barrier with OR times or other approaches. So how big that market ultimately is and what it does as capacity settles out with remains to be same.
Gary Guthart: No, we haven’t seen anything that would indicate that clinically there is something going on and that's changing folks’ view.
Gary Guthart: Sure. Clearly, we are in early innings here in China. The response we are seeing both in terms of capital and then the utilization really has to do with the release of a government quota a few quarters ago and now the replacement of those systems is there meeting that quota. Capital sales are still paced in terms of the civilian market through a quote system and so that’ll be a limiting step on growth over time. Having said that once they are placed the utilization is coming up and the level of excitement and interest on the part of surgeons is high. We are currently partnered with the distributor in China. I think that as we look at long-term and years not quarters, clearly there is an opportunity there. And there will be some build-out of organizational strength required on both sides for that market to really reach its full potential and it’s something of course that we’re thinking about.
Gary Guthart: We think about as you look out at Europe, take it country by country, generally we’re at healthy penetration but below half in most of the big markets in Europe. So Germany, Italy, France are probably highest in Nordics and then in U.K. So we think there is a significant room both in dVP and partial nephrectomy. Hysterectomy will really be anchored on hysterectomy for malignant conditions. I think we’re just in the beginnings of hysterectomy for malignant conditions in Europe. We are seeing some nice really uptake and some nice really work, but you’re probably still on single digits for the most part.
Gary Guthart: Korea is a similar I think picture. dVP again in the double digits probably not quite half, and likewise really early days in dVH for malignant conditions or partial nephrectomy in between those two.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. So we recall -- we are working through two things. One is making computational platform and the software compatible with Xi and we are on track doing that. And the second thing is being getting the supply chain and costs in line for the instrumentation on the technical side and that’s also on track. As those things come together then we start doing laboratory testing, some in-house customer evaluation and the beginnings of laboratory testing and the building of those dossiers, which is really what’s set for the back half of the year. So far, we are pleased with where we are.
Gary Guthart: We haven’t tagged a launch date on Sp, nor we tag pricing yet. So we’re really -- the commentary is really ex-Sp without income.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Generally speaking, just sort of some context on system gross margins, this systems when they come out relative to industrial products are very low volume compared to anything you used to in your day-to-day life compare to cars or cell phones or anything like that. These are really low volumes. So part of the reason that you go through the process of optimization over a couple of years is that it takes that long to get through the volume. The volume changes that you need to make and also to do some of the manufacturing optimization. It’s not possible to do it on variable volumes at a time. So it is generally expected that you’ll have a margin hit, when one of the new pieces of capital come in. And so we would expect some now. We’ll manage that both with the work, pre-work we do and how we price when Sp comes out but a little premature for that in the forecast.
Gary Guthart: In the places that we designed it for, I think we are really feeling like it’s meeting our expectations. It looks really good. Our multi-quadrant surgery, colorectal surgery -- we expected it to set up really well for thoracic surgery and it is. If we’ve been surprised, it’s being positive surprises. We’ve seen urologists appreciate what it can do. Folks doing ventral hernia find the flexibility of its setup is helpful for them. And GYN oncologists find the range of motion helpful. So that has been a pleasant surprise is their interest in using it and the benefit that it brings them. Well, thank you. That was our last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during this conference call, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma through products that our surgeons use. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: So to be clear, going from last quarter, you’re right, it was at 67.1 and this quarter we undershot that debt. Couple of factors there, one is foreign exchange changed since the time that we gave our original estimates back in January and that has a negative impact on us. Second thing is as we had some -- in the quarter we had some higher mix of Xi systems. And in Xi systems as we’ve said before it has lower margins than our Si systems. And then finally we had some of the product recall costs that we don’t expect to continue but they reduced our margin this quarter. As we go forward into the year, what our guidance is really predicting is that we are working hard towards reduction of cost associated with our newer products. And it will start to see some benefit from that. Having said that, it takes time and the majority of the benefit from those efforts will really be realized in 2016.
Marshall Mohr: That’s right. Just turning to Japan, we continue to be in full conversation with multiple parties in Japan and supporting them as they pursue reimbursement. We’re generally pleased with the direction that the conversations are taking. We have not received assurance from the surgical societies or from the government that those methods will produce reimbursements in the 2016 timeframe, so that remains uncertain. Having said that I think, the work that’s been done in the pace of work been done is appropriate. And we feel like we’re doing the right thing.
Marshall Mohr: So I think, Calvin has given you a sort of the expectation for the year. And of course, given the commentary around that we believe that will be able to reduce cost as I expect that the latter part of the year will be better than the earlier part of the year.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. I think when you look at GYN space and some of the other benign procedures, this quarter looked a lot more like traditional Q4 to Q1 transitions relative to what we experienced in 2014.
