Gary S. Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, our team has delivered a solid performance driven by robust growth in both our U.S. gynecology business and our emerging general surgery business. As a reminder, for 2012, Intuitive is focused on the following: First, continuing our growth in gynecology and urology worldwide through outstanding execution in the field; second, disciplined execution of our Single-Site and vessel sealing launches focused on outstanding early customer experiences; third, building robust clinical programs with leading customers in emerging procedures in general surgery, thoracic surgery and transoral surgery; and finally, strengthening our capabilities in international markets, particularly Europe, Japan and Korea. In the second quarter, we continued to experience strong growth in gynecology and general surgery. Growth in gynecology came from a broad base of procedures, including benign and cancer hysterectomies, sacrocolpopexy, myomectomy and endometriosis resection. Growth in general surgery was also multifaceted, including growth in colon and rectal surgery, as well as cholecystectomy. The latter following the introduction of Single-Site earlier in the year. This strength was tempered somewhat by weakness in Europe and a decline in our U.S. da Vinci Prostatectomies. In total, procedures for the second quarter 2012 grew by approximately 26% over the second quarter of 2011. Aleks will provide additional procedure commentary later in the call. Globally, our business in Asia has continued to build as a result of fine execution by our team. Japan's system sales and procedure performance have responded well to MHLW's reimbursement of da Vinci Prostatectomy at the start of the second quarter, and we continue to invest in building our capabilities in Japan. Conditions in Europe are challenging, with both broad austerity issues, as well as specific structural issues impacting our business. In response to these conditions, we have brought in an experienced executive from our key accounts group in the United States to lead our European commercial organization. We also continue to invest in our international regulatory and reimbursement teams. Given the depth of environmental issues in Europe, we expect challenging conditions to persist into the second half of the year. Turning to operating highlights for the second quarter. Procedures grew approximately 26% over the second quarter of 2011. We sold 150 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 129 during the second quarter of last year. Total revenue was $537 million, up 26% over last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to $224 million, up 30% over Q2 2011. Total recurring revenue grew to $307 million, up 28% from prior year and comprising 57% of total revenue. Net income was $155 million, up 32% over last year. We generated an operating profit of $259 million before noncash stock option expense, up 27% from the second quarter of last year. We generated $223 million in gross cash flow from operations and ended the quarter with $2,631,000,000 in cash and investments. Turning to recently launched products and those in development. In the second quarter, we focused on launches of our Single-Site instruments and vessel sealer. We expanded the use of Single-Site cholecystectomy in the U.S. in response to growing early customer demand. Surgeon and patient response to Single-Site has been positive with over 200 of our U.S. hospital customers having purchased initial Single-Site kits 2 quarters after launch. As mentioned in prior calls, we are working on expanding our instrument offering in Single-Site to enable its use in additional indications. In our vessel sealing launch, we are optimizing procedure choreography through collaboration with leading surgeons, while firming up our manufacturing and supply chain. Clinical response to the vessel sealer has been encouraging, with positive commentary on precision, articulation, vessel sealing quality and thermal spread. We expect applications for the da Vinci vessel sealer to be centered on general surgery and Gynecologic Oncology procedures. Lastly, with regard to our da Vinci stapler, we are gathering data to respond to FDA questions and working on product optimization. As we enter new surgical markets and drive into new product arenas, we continue to invest in building our team. In expanding partnerships and in acquiring those technologies, they can make a difference to robotic surgery. This quarter we added 82 people to our team, predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D, bringing our total team to 2,100 employees. I'll now pass the time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. The way we look at it is really being driven by 2 different effects. One of them has been the scrutiny and discussion around PSA testing and what that impact is. It's hard for us to exactly handicap what the impact on PSA test and discussion is. But clearly as one of the major treatment modalities for prostate cancer care, if there are changes to PSA testing in the number of people going into the pipeline, that will flow-through to us. And then the second part that you've described has been, if there is a look at nonsurgical treatment modalities and other alternatives like active surveillance, that also will have an impact. Hard for us to predict where that will play out over the long haul. We know for -- with high confidence that surgery is the best treatment for men with high risk prostate cancer, there's really no question. And now the question is going to be okay, while surgical societies and surgeons look at this over the long term: how do they vector patients in through their treatment pathways. What we've seen in the past, just one more comment, is that over time as men are moved into active surveillance and those kind have come in waves, having to do with the amount of publicity it gets. Over time, people will start coming back out of active surveillance either because cancer is progressing or because over time, the active surveillance is in itself a burden. So hard to predict with a quantitative sense exactly where that will head. But clearly those 2 factors are having an impact on us in the U.S.
Gary S. Guthart: On our side, it was a significant push. I don't -- we don't usually break out the numbers for you quarterly. And so we've gone through and done our best to project. It's an estimate. And if I had a perfect crystal ball, I'd share it with you, but we don't.
Gary S. Guthart: Fair question and a lot of questions. The first side on the R&D and the projects side, as you know, we have a few things that we have been working on pretty hard. Stapler, you should think of stapler not as a single product. Stapler will really ultimately be a family of products, kind of a platform. And that will come out in sequential releases. So there is a set of releases and products that make sense for colorectal surgery, a different set that makes sense for thoracic surgery and a different set that might make sense for bariatric surgery in the future. And so those things will move in sequence. Likewise, vessel sealing is a strong instrument for us. Right now it's pointed at general surgery applications and complex gynecologic cancers. But we can see that as being a platform technology as well. So there are investments here that are sequential. As you know, we also work on Single-Site expansion, other sets of instruments, and then other things longer term in terms of platform improvements. It's -- I guess what I'd say is the signal from Q2 to Q3 has more to do with lumpiness and timing than it does kind of a seismic shift in the kind of work we're doing. There is some gradual sequential growth in R&D spend. But mostly what you're seeing is lumpiness. Turning to the question of sales force investments. We are making investments in the sales force. The way you might think about that is significant investments in Japan in terms of our capability. We're happy with our team there, and they're growing, and that will be to allow us to have a greater presence over time. We're also making investments in Europe. The investments there are around the sales and commercial team, mostly around bringing in experience in selling and support skills, as well as investments in our ability to respond to regulatory needs and reimbursement and economic analysis needs. So we're making those investments there. They're kind of investments that are ahead of what you would think of as the U.S. norms. In the U.S, we continue to invest in the U.S. sales force although about on pace to what you've seen in past quarters. We don't feel like we're ahead or behind there, but really moving in sync.
Gary S. Guthart: So I'll just start and Aleks can add, jump in. On the Single-Site versus Si-e, something a little bit different. But with regard to Single-Site, initial purchases, we did say over 200 hospitals in the U.S. have taken their initial kits. We're seeing good utilization so far although its early. The response, the commentary in terms of safety and efficacy and repeatability, the ability to learn the procedure quickly is strong, so we're feeling good about that. But we do caution that we're still in the early quarters there. With regard to people having an interest to doing things beyond cholecystectomy, we're FDA approved in the U.S. for chole. There is surgeon interest o U.S. and discussed interest inside the U.S. to do some other things. And so we're seeing interest in certain gynecologic procedures perhaps, some upper GI procedures over time, and that's where our R&D teams are spending their time. I'll turn it to Aleks.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, in terms of the Si-e impact on the quarter, 6 of the 150 systems sold were Si-e systems. And to remind you, Si-e's are 3-arm versions of Si and also have some other feature reductions. And they're primarily targeted towards the more price-sensitive customers who are engaged in the Single-Site or engaged in maybe a lesser complex hysterectomy. I think we are seeing more interest in this particular segment of our product offering.
Gary S. Guthart: We definitely see -- depends on which country you're in. And I guess I'd start by saying different countries are behaving a little bit differently. So one answer won't cover them all. But taking a couple as an example, we have seen pressure on quotas. For sure you see total budgets getting pressured and people are making decisions about how they want to spend that money. We think some of it has to do a little bit with how we've grown our organization and their training and skill. If I just stand back from the point of view of bringing clinical and economic value to procedure that would have been open and taking it to noninvasive da Vinci procedure. We think there's value there. And we think we can do well in the presence of even tight budgets. And that's really the internal part that we're working on.
Gary S. Guthart: Well, the answer is a little bit of both. In Japan, it tends to be a more direct conversation with surgical societies in the government. In Europe it tends to be a little bit more working with surgical societies and health technology assessment groups to really understand the clinical benefits and the long-term, the downstream economic benefits of da Vinci Surgery. And it really is a way for hospitals and customers to understand what the total economics are.
Gary S. Guthart: I'll speak to the first one. I'll let Aleks speak to the second one. With regard to what kind of behavior has been historically with regard to people on active surveillance in very, very rough outlines. It's been about 1/3 -- start in active surveillance and stay in active surveillance throughout. About 1/3 will convert to aggressive disease and in essence be kicked out by progression, and about 1/3 will choose to leave because of the repeated going back in to being tested. At some point they decide to rather -- they'd rather have a definitive treatment. And that's been historical and it's rough. We'll see if it holds going forward.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. Short answer is yes, it's variable. You have a few different things and, again, I think you have to think, well what's happening thing in Norway, what's happening in Spain, what's happening Germany, what's happening in France, what's happening in U.K., what's happening in the Scandinavian countries, and they vary. In many of the countries, you have a combination of private health systems and public ones. Their behaviors vis-a-vis da Vinci are quite different. And so depending on what the mix of private and public is and what the government-run hospitals are wanting to do, we'll see different kind of dynamics and behavior.
Gary S. Guthart: Without having talked to every hospital in the U.S., I have not heard the concern that you just voiced, that hospital is trying to direct patients one way or another due to their perceived profitability. Generally speaking, most hospitals will offer both or all 3 alternatives. They'll counsel all of them. And in that setting, where all the alternatives are discussed and a patient has been diagnosed, da Vinci does well, and we've seen a lot of stability there. So short answer is it tends to be more diagnosis and nonsurgical approaches than it is, I think, directed intervention.
Gary S. Guthart: Well, again, I think that term insulated has got a few meanings. But I would say that if you look at and again, back away from just that number for a second and look at the overall procedure business. We've reported a 26% gain in procedures year-over-year, and for the first half of the year, it's up 27%. That's still a pretty large number. And so, that does necessitate the demand for systems. And so we do believe that. We do we believe that very strongly. I don't think there was a particular event or an episode in Q2 that separated us from our peer group or other capital companies anymore than just strong procedure demand. And now there are, as you said earlier, puts and takes on the procedures, while one has gone down, several have gone up, and some have gone up pretty significantly. And on balance, it's a very strong procedure business. And I think that's really what separates us from some of the other companies that are up there when you look at the actual numbers and the percentage of growth. So short of that, I don't think there's anything else we can really point to.
Gary S. Guthart: I think a more active conversation is required, and that's a little bit of what we've been talking about with regard to health technology assessments and other things. We have -- now we've been in the market long enough in some procedures over a decade. That's because actually large population-based studies that are well done, multicenter, tens of thousands of patients in them, show clear benefits for da Vinci over other surgical alternatives. There's data being generated around comparisons to other kinds of treatment modalities between Da Vinci Surgery and nonsurgical outcomes. And I think that data is going to be helpful worldwide and in Europe. There may be cases and certainly we're in conversation and have thoughts and plans around specific trials that may help us in different locales, and Europe is one of them.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. We have changed leadership in terms of leadership of commercial organization in the direct side of Europe, and as well as overall leadership over the indirect as well. This is somebody who's been with us for many years in the U.S. and that run the national accounts side of the business here in the United States. He knows our business very well, has had prior experiences in Europe, and so he'll be taking over there.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, I think it's probably less of -- capital less strategy change and more a focus on execution and organizational growth and capability. There are some things that we can do a little bit differently and perhaps a little bit better in terms of some of the conversations on the economic side. So sort of small strategy. I don't think it's Earth shatteringly different, but I do think it's an emphasis change, and they're working on those things.
Gary S. Guthart: 1,275. The way -- what we have seen in prostatectomy for example is that the system has, to this point, become somewhat of a consolidator for the procedure rather than having to put procedures in all, and I should say, put systems in all 4,800 or 5,000 hospitals that are out there. You've seen a strong consolidation of, let's say, the urologic oncology business happen around the same base of systems that prior to the minimally invasive introduction was being done at significantly more hospitals. Fewer were being done at more hospitals. So I don't think we look at it and say, can we necessarily build this self-standing platform with general surgery as a paramount question today? Now what we do believe is that with the increased interest both from the colorectal surgeons, from other complex and general surgery procedures, as well as the individual cholecystectomy procedures that there is enough capacity out there for people to actually try, use it and then build into the flow of the robotics coordinators in the hospital to make sure that there is enough access whether it becomes second systems or third systems, et cetera. But the cholecystectomies by themselves is probably not the way we think about it. I think general surgery, as a whole, and then leveraging the installed base that we have.
Gary S. Guthart: I think the way we think about it and really what the numbers will tell us that it's been a gradual decline over the past few quarters. We've called it out in the past, and now we're calling it out with a little more emphasis. And there appears to be more evidence in the sort of macroenvironment for prostate cancer that we can refer to with a little more clarity.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, we're not ready yet to start breaking that out. Just because we're still on the early days of seeing new sites come up and really work through their initial orders. And what we would like to see is what happens on a sustained basis. How much of their future business they start to convert to Single-Site and so on, and that's just too early to tell. So we're happy to tell you -- to talk a little bit qualitatively about how the initial installs are going, but we'll wait a little bit on sequential use.
Gary S. Guthart: On the kind of the break-outs country-by-country, it's a little bit mixed, probably not real surprising that some of the countries in the south that are always in the news have been most trained in terms of both system sales and procedures. Although I'd say that Italy has been a bright spot. We have seen some pressure in both capital and procedures in some of the core countries of Europe as well. And that's kind of where we are and what we are working through.
Gary S. Guthart: That was our last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following experience from Rebecca in Maryland gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. "I went to Dr. Katherine Kratz upon discovering that I had a uterine fibroid and endometrial cysts, which had been causing painful menstrual cramps, as well as severe lower back pain. Dr. Kratz recommended da Vinci surgery for several reasons. The procedure is minimally invasive, so the recovery time would be much quicker. At the time I was trying to finish up my dissertation and apply for academic jobs, so it was important to me to have a quick recovery. My surgeon also explained that this procedure allows for greater visualization of the area, as well as providing for her a greater range of motion, allowing her to work with great precision in performing the surgery and in doing the stitches. Because of this, Dr. Kratz was able to save my left ovary, which would not have been possible otherwise. After my surgery, not only was I able to return to working on my dissertation within a few days but I was also able to attend my annual professional conference a few weeks later. Even with all that I have been told, I was shocked at how quickly I had recovered from surgery. Everyday I was able to move more easily and with far less pain, allowing me to stop taking pain medication after 1 day or 2. Now I'm free of back pain and have nearly no menstrual cramps. I'm extremely grateful for the da Vinci Surgery and the excellent care I received from Dr. Kratz and her entire surgical team, because the surgery has significantly improved my quality of life. When I look back at my time -- at that time of my life, I have only positive memories of my surgical experience. My surgeon provided me with comprehensive information about my options and about the surgery and allowed me to make the decision that was best for my situation." Patients like these are the strongest advocates for Da Vinci Surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand. And I assure you that we remain committed to driving about [ph] a few things that really make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for participating -- for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.
Marshall L. Mohr: Specifically we added about 20 people to our clinical team in the quarter bringing us up to about 600 on the clinical side. We stayed roughly flat about 90 on the capital side.
Marshall L. Mohr: Well, just to let everyone know, the Single-Site is a set of instruments and accessory really instruments that attach to the da Vinci Si System. And so there's no system upgrade required to do Single-Site procedures. Usually initial customers, you need to have the 8.5-millimeter endoscopes, as well as the specific instruments for the case and so on. So it's an investment I think on average out of the gate it might be something like a $40,000 investment to kind of get going. It's recorded on the instrument and accessory line.
Marshall L. Mohr: Well, Larry, if you look at the overall number of da Vinci placements in the United States, we have a 1,707 total systems and I believe the number of U.S. customers -- Calvin, will give us that. I believe it's somewhere -- 1,200 to 1,300, I believe. But if you...
