Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO, Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 6, 2017 and 10-Q filed on July 21, 2017. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results, Patrick will discuss procedure and clinical highlights, then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2017 and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2017. Starting with procedures, on our last call we estimated full year 2017 procedure growth of 14% to 15% above the approximately 753,000 procedures performed in 2016. We are now increasing our estimate for 2017. We now anticipate full year 2017 procedure growth within a range of 15% to 16%. In regards to system placements, although the proportion of Q3 systems placed under operating leases was slightly lower than Q2, we continue to expect that over time the proportion of systems we place under operating leases will generally trend upwards. With increasing placements in the cost sensitive market segments, we expect that our average system selling price will continue to trend gradually lower. As Marshall mentioned, $21 million of the $23 million deferred in Q1 related to our da Vinci X tradeout program was recognized in Q3. We expect to recognize the remaining $2 million in Q4 and closeout the program. Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2017 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 70% and 71.5% of net revenue. We now expect to come in at the top end of the range and anticipate pro forma gross profit margin to be between 71% and 71.5% of net revenue. Turning to operating expenses. As we have described previously, we have accelerated our investments in several strategic areas that will benefit the company over the long term. Accordingly we have ramped our operating expenses as we focus on execution. On our last call, we forecast pro forma 2017 operating expenses to grow at the higher end of the range between 17% and 18% above 2016 levels. We now expect pro forma 2017 operating expenses to grow between 18% and 19%. We continue to forecast our non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $200 million and $210 million in 2017 as communicated our last call. We expect 2017 other income to be at the top end of the $35 million to $40 million range forecast on our last call. With regard to income tax, we now expect our Q4 2017 pro forma income tax rate to be between 26.5% and 28.5% of pretax income, compared to our previous guidance of 28% to 29.5%. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I think what we have said is that we would expect, as you said, return to normal spending next year, normal being defined as something that's more in line with revenue growth. I think that what we are seeing this year is, we are outperforming on the revenue line and we wind up with much higher leverage than we had expected and therefore higher profit margins. And so if we continue our spending, even if we decrease the rate of spending next year or the rate of increase next year, you still wind up with not achieving leverage as maybe we were indicating before. So it all has to do with where we are coming out this year relative to next year. In total, if you looked at plans on a two-year basis from last year to next year, it's really pretty consistent with that.
Calvin Darling: Yes. You took some of the words right out of our mouth. Procedure growth really does drive placement growth. So we kind of think of it in that order. And procedure growth, we have talked about what that's been. It's been strong over the last few quarters. And to-date, 85% of our system placements have been to existing hospitals with roughly two-thirds of that expanding the installed base. So what we are seeing is hospitals growing procedures, having a need for additional capacity and therefore buying systems. 90% of systems we have sold are fourth generation, as Gary indicated, so Xi and X. And what we see there is that people want to avail themselves of the latest capabilities including computer-aided setup, optimized advanced instruments and table motion and multi-quadrant access. So it's a number of factors that are driving it. It's hard to predict. We don't give you guidance on systems going forward. But that's what's driven it so far.
Patrick Clingan: Thanks Marshall. Of our third quarter procedure growth of 15%, U.S. procedures grew approximately 12% and outside of the United States procedures grew approximately 23%. Procedure trends were consistent with the first half of the year with growth led by U.S. general surgery and global urology. During the quarter, in the United States strength in general and thoracic surgery continued, growth in mature procedure categories moderated, there was one fewer weekday and we estimate that hurricanes impacted U.S. procedure growth rates by less than 1%. In U.S. urology, the third quarter growth rate for da Vinci prostatectomy was similar to the first half of 2017. We believe that our U.S. prostatectomy volumes have been tracking to the broader prostate surgery market. During the quarter, growth in kidney procedures moderated compared to the first half of the year. In U.S. gynecology, third quarter procedure growth was flat compared to the prior year. Compared to the first half of 2017, the moderation in third quarter procedure growth was due to benign procedures. Third quarter U.S. general and thoracic surgery procedure adoption remained strong led by growth in hernia repair. Hernia repair continues to contribute the largest volume of new procedures in the United States with solid contribution from colorectal and thoracic procedures. Turning abroad. Procedure growth outside of the United States was approximately 23% in the third quarter led by the global adoption of da Vinci prostatectomy with solid contributions from kidney procedures, hysterectomies and colorectal resections. Procedure growth was strong in Asia and variable by country in Europe. The one fewer weekday compared to the third quarter of 2016 was partially offset by the timing of certain regional holidays. Outside of the United States, procedure growth was led by China, South Korea, Germany and Japan. Procedure growth rates in China moderated despite continued strong expansion in system utilization. System placements remained constrained pending the issuance of a new quota for civilian hospitals. We have no update regarding the status of the quota. In South Korea, growth was led by gynecology and urology, including contribution from single site use in gynecology. In Germany and Japan, procedure growth rates in the third quarter were similar to the first half of 2017 led by the adoption of urology procedures. During quarter, recently placed da Vinci X systems generated solid utilization. The systems were largely used in urology and gynecology procedures with general surgery procedures in the United States. Globally, evidence continues to build in the support of clinical and economic validation of da Vinci surgery. During the quarter, an economic analysis studying the impact of da Vinci hysterectomy in Denmark was published in the Journal of Robotic Surgery. The work was completed by a team of researchers from Aarhus University and Odense University. Comparing more than 7,600 hysterectomy patients across open, laparoscopic and da Vinci surgery, the authors compared the comprehensive cost of care from the year preceding to the year following a hysterectomy for benign or malignant conditions. For benign procedures, the authors found that da Vinci hysterectomy was less expensive than either open or laparoscopic procedures. For less complex malignant procedures, da Vinci hysterectomy was more expensive than laparoscopic procedures and less expensive than open surgery. Within this population, the authors determined that the da Vinci patient cohort was more complex than the laparoscopic cohort and largely replaced open surgery at most institutions. In conclusion, the authors stated "Our study demonstrates that the use of robotic technology for hysterectomy is potentially cost saving from a broad healthcare perspective." This concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call over to Calvin.
Patrick Clingan: Hi Amit. It's Patrick. We see a pretty balanced growth across both new surgeons who are starting da Vinci general surgery for the first time as well as those who continue to expand their practice by either doing more patients within the existing procedures that they have been performing as well as adding new procedures to the list that they have been performing over time.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. Tycho, to clarify, the comment on dVP was that growth rates were very consistent to first half the year, but the category of urology moderated compared to the first half of the year, so inclusive of other procedures like kidney procedures.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. In the early parts of rollout, we expect to do that in a measured way and the beginnings will be around clinical publications and evidentiary building, building of evidence. We think it has multispecialty implications and so part of this will be to follow through and get multispecialty indications with FDA and you see some of the trials they are doing that. I don't know that SP harkens a different regulatory pathway for FDA. You had implied that in your question and I am not sure that I agree with that implication. So far it doesn't look like a foundationally different way to communicate with FDA. With regard to the question of how much of this is, we are kind of working backward into the existing procedure base we do in pursuit of better outcomes and how much would expanded opportunity. I think we are going to see some of both and it's a little bit early to size exactly which. I have been impressed by surgeons' interest in both categories, both improving what they do already as well as being able to approach technique and applications they have not yet done. So I think that's why we are excited about. It is the potential to do both. And I would just say, stay tuned there as we get more experience and put these in the field.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. Isaac, I think we have been surprised by the levels of utilization that we see across many of the civilian hospitals within China and to-date this year they have surpassed levels we thought that we will start to see faster slowdown there. You are starting to see the law of large numbers catch up but still strong growth in utilization. So I think the short answer is, we are not sure exactly where the ceiling is because the demand for robotic surgery in China is large and they continue to find ways to efficiently maximize the time they have on robotics each week.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. There was moderation in certain markets, not in all. We still had strong growth in some like Germany. It was in a handful of markets, some I would characterize as slowdowns in some of the benign procedures where reimbursements are tight and other markets where you have had high levels of penetration in urology, dVP and where the emerging procedures are still small and not able to influence growth rate.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. Tao, it's really hard to calculate these things because certainly there is some patients who need surgery right way who come back faster and others that can defer longer. What you can look at it is just what happens in those markets during those period of time and make your best estimate. Our best estimate in the U.S. is that the hurricanes caused somewhere less that 1% impact to the U.S. growth rate. The one fewer weekday had some effect as well as just because you have one less Monday through Friday. But it's really hard to be precise about exactly how much it impacted business. Overall the U.S. didn't feel dramatically different though compared to prior years, particularly in the areas of general surgery and thoracic surgery.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. I think we have talked in the past about consolidation trends, right. More cases being done by gynecologic oncologists or other surgical specialists. And that's been a positive trend for us and that's largely continued here in the third quarter.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So on SP, we don't know exactly the launch date, just given what questions we might get back from FDA. So we have that as well as finalizing some of the supply chain work we want to do. But we are working hard and solving the problems that we think we need. So I don't have any additional update for you on the SP commercialization ramp. We will report you when 510(k) goes in and what we think about it. On the flex side, likewise what we described in the script. We are making good progress on developing the technologies and finalizing our regulatory approach. We believe it's a 510(k). We will find out. FDA has a say on all that. But our plans are such that it's 510(k). We have not set a launch date yet for public consumption.
Gary Guthart: Sure. It's a good question. As Marshall said, we haven't really changed our view of what kind of spending is required in 2018, just a little bit of a math of 2017 changes relative to what the total operating margin looks like. With regard to what we are investing in, we go from essentially a single platform in the field in multiport da Vinci to SP, which is a new patient side plus accessories and instrumentation as well as flex catheter which we think is really important. So on the R&D side, you have got broadening of platform lanes. And we think those are important because they don't get developed in a year. They take both technology development as well as technique development and all the commercialization steps that you all are well aware of. So that's kind of one side. The flip side is, a set of investments are on making sure that we can support the scale of the business in the multiport space and that has to do with making sure your factories are right and you have invested in plants and equipment and you get the advantages of scale as you grow. And we have started to see that at the gross margin line, the improvements and the performance above some of our earlier expectations are the result of some hard work in manufacturing efficiencies which I think, I would be supportive of riding it shoulder side. I think it makes a lot of sense. Those are really the investment priorities. There is a little bit in there about data generation in local markets to support the needs of our customers in the markets in which they operate, be it clinical data or economic data. So that picks up, that rounds out kind of the investment profile. Probably not a surprise to you at all.
Gary Guthart: Yes. It's a fair question. So the first thing is, the use of kind of one set of data to get additional procedures, that's something that was discussed with FDA in their workshop a couple of years ago and has been employed by us and by others. So the idea that there are some procedures that are kind of the key data generators that create an umbrella for other procedures is not a surprise to us. It is something that we have worked with FDA on and we are not surprised that others re likewise using it. I think with regard to what evidentiary requirements are, which is a little bit underneath your question, the issue there is that how FDA views this is what you ask for in terms of labeling and claims and the relative evidence to support that are linked and whether this signals a change in FDA's posture you really have to read the specifics of the labeling as well as what the submitted data was. We will do that carefully when it comes out and we will assess whether their posture has changed or not. But on its surface, just reading what you have seen so far, what we have seen so far, A, we are not surprised that there are a set of procedures and kind of the devil is in the details is to how they viewed it.
Gary Guthart: Okay. So on the sufficiency of data, thus far, to-date, vis-à-vis 510(k) clearance, don't know yet. So we will see. I can't give you a positive or negative indication. With regards to other folks working on flex approaches that are robotic, we have heard likewise, indications that people are interested in pursuing that. Very little publicly available out there and we won't speculate as to what their plans are ahead of whatever their public relations are. But we remain vigilant and I guess my major point on this one is, the way you satisfy your customers best is by understanding their needs and being really conversant in what they want and what the technologies are. And so I worry a lot less about what others are doing and a lot more about what we are doing. And our team is highly focused in satisfying customer need in that space and we feel good about where we are.
Gary Guthart: With regard to other systems that are coming or have come out, our experience goes back pretty far. So we have lived through the pathway of hybrid surgical approaches, some robotics, some manual, three-arm systems, some things integrated, some things not integrated. We have lived through that and its our customers who have really taken us to the position we are in with integrated systems, things that work very well together. Simple examples, if you have a manual stapler and you are using robotic system, the surgeon has to often almost always scrub in and scrub out because it's unusual for physician's assistant to fire a stapler. So the workflow of getting up and sitting down is really challenging. The challenge of integrating multiple different technologies from multiple different vendors at the Or is a headache and they tell us that. We like this all to work together as if it was designed with a whole thought. We didn't chose those things out of the blue. And so with our own systems, with systems we competed against 20 years ago, we have kind of seen this. And so I think that customers will think that through and evaluate it. You would ask, could it delay sales cycles? And the answer to that is yes, it can in the near-term. Now we are facing some of these concepts and competitive system in Europe and customers are evaluating these things and making decisions. I think they make them based on a pretty good basis. And so it may cause some short-term ripples, but we will be ready to engage those conversations with hospitals. And again, I think we didn't end up where we are by accident. That's true in our IP portfolio as well and one of the things about being the market leader is you have to solve these problems first and you get to patent them and we have. So that's something that's an asset for the company as we go forward.
Gary Guthart: The way to think about it in terms of just staying on the R&D product pipeline side, the peak in platform investment is several quarters before launch those things peak. And then they stay at that peak for a couple of quarters as you process through all launch activities and then you start to come off that peak. And so you have two platform that are heavily in design and moving toward commercialization. And that's the bulk of the delta. With regard to some of the other spending, that tends to be in little bit smaller increments. And it's around things that give us manufacturing optimization. As procedure growth has continued to grow and we get additional scale, a lot of the costs in production and handling of our systems comes down to manufacturing process and scale changes we have an opportunity to tweak what we do to get lower costs. And I think that helps everybody. I think it helps Intuitive. It helps our customers. And it allows us to take advantage of scale. That's a really good thing. And so where we see those opportunities, they are pretty easy to evaluate and we move forward on them.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So you think of imaging as having three elements of it. There is the hardware part, the optics, the electronics, the physical stuff. We are consistently improving those things and launch them as either improvements or as upgrades periodically. And you can sort of think those as having life cycles of multiple quarters, six to eight quarters. There is software improvements, image processing, image integration, those kinds of things. We also launch those either as upgrades or in conjunction with other opportunities and those go out also on account of a yearly or every other year basis. And then there is molecules, targeting agents. The molecules are viewed by the world as drugs and those go on drug timelines which are long. So we are progressing but it doesn't look like stasis. It is continuously improving our Gen 4 imaging as we speak. The Gen 4 scopes of today are better than the scopes of two years ago. The Gen 4 software is better today than it was years ago. And we continue to progress on the molecular front.
Gary Guthart: Well, no. Given some of the trial activity that it has to go on, we have not yet published what we think the long term timelines are, in part because we are in conversation with the agency about how they want to view these diagnostic markers in surgery and that creates a lot of uncertainty as to what the forecast models would be.
Gary Guthart: Tao, it's Gary. Just a clarification from the script. They are not new countries to us and da Vinci. It is da Vinci X availability in those countries. So the ability for us to sell the X system there.
Gary Guthart: We will put out first set of systems after clearance. We are selecting sites that we think have multispecialty potential. And that will be limited at our discretion in the beginning so that we get those sites up and running, help them to be highly efficient. So we won't have a huge number. I think the demand will oversubscribe the supply in those early launch quarters. I think that it's a highly capable system. I think once we have clearance, there will be a fair amount of use. But it's going to be sequential clearances that help us get there.
Gary Guthart: Yes. You are right. We haven't seen a broad impact of potential reform or changes in ACA. The feel of the market is pretty similar over the last few quarters. And as I said earlier, really what we think is driving the strength of system placement has to do with procedure growth rate.
Gary Guthart: We do see new opportunities and surgeons interested in advancing. But before I get there, I think that just from our company's focus, we have not taken the ball off general surgery. I think that the ones we are in are still relatively early in their total adoption when you think about hernia repair and colon surgery and rectal surgery and thoracic surgery. These are major categories. We think that we can bring real value and our teams are really focused there. And I focus you there. I don't think we are past that and thinking there is the next thing. We do see surgeons asking for additional opportunities. They are not yet material. And so I think we have a long pipeline. I am not ready to describe them as opportunities for you yet, because I don't know that they will realize. But there is real desire. So we stay focused on finishing the opportunities that we have started and we are still on it.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Brandon, overall in U.S. GYN, we saw pretty flat growth year-to-year. The deceleration compared to the first half of the year was entirely attributed to benign procedures that declined moderately. Malignant procedures continued to grow in the quarter. The trend there is in part because A, it's a very low growth area in general. You see high penetration rates of minimally invasive surgery. In any given period, you are going to have little movements here and there. So nothing notable to call out specifically as it relates to a trend there in the market.
Gary Guthart: Yes. The vessel sealer is really a refinement in geometry. It allows surgeons to get to spaces that were more difficult prior. It's kind of a family member of the technology we have today. I don't have the launch date for U.S. in front of me. But we continue to build out our stapling line. As we have talked about in the past, likewise we have not projected yet the launch timeline of additional staplers. But we think stapling is important. So that's kind of where we are there. Let me go ahead and close. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organization remains focused on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking with you again in three months
