Jamie Samath: Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive’s third quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our CEO, Marshall Mohr, our CFO, and Brian King, our Treasurer. Before we begin, I would like to let you know that Philip Kim, our Head of Investor Relations for the last couple of years, has moved onto pursue his next opportunity. We appreciate his contributions and wish him well in his next endeavor.  Joining us on the call today is Brian King, who has been our Treasurer for the last seven years. Brian will be expanding his responsibilities to include the role of Head of Investor Relations. Moving on, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call maybe deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties.  These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 10th, 2021, and Form 10-Q filed on July 21st, 2021. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s website.  Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the latest events section under our Investor Relations page.  Today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session.  Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our financial results, I will discuss procedure, and clinical highlights, and provide an update of our financial outlook, and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Jamie Samath: I just -- I think our supply chain and manufacturing teams are doing great. I think they're working in a tough macro-environment, and that macro-environment will clear up when it clears up.
Jamie Samath: Thank you, Larry, by the way. I would say this, what are reflected in the high-end of our procedure guidance are really two things. Those COVID-19 related hospitalizations in the U.S. continued the recovery that began in September, and that was in the middle part of September that that recovery commenced. So there's a progression there that continues through Q4.  It also assumes that the mitigation measures in OUS markets, which are typically a little more conservative than we see in the U.S., continued to ease, and those also started to ease in September. At the low end, what we see is a slower recovery in the U.S. from what we saw in Q3 and choppiness OUS in terms of the on-off of mitigation measures in various markets. And so that range of 27% to 29% that we provided, really it's just a function of the rate at which we recover from what occurred in Q3 with the Delta variant. That was a little color on that.
Jamie Samath: Yes. The -- I think what's implied by the guidance that we provided at the low-end of Q4 year-over-year growth will be 15%. At the high end, it will be 22%. So you compare that to what we showed in Q3 of '20, and you see the range is above and below what we recorded in Q3. And I think again, it just reflects both the year-over-year comparison in terms of the base for Q4 in 2020 as well as the range of scenarios in terms of what actually occurs with procedures in Q4.
Jamie Samath: Yeah. We've had anecdotal inputs from some customers that they're facing staffing shortages. Other customers have said to us that they're able to overcome those risks. And so given the mix dynamics and the lack of clear evidence in terms of its impact on procedures, what we've said is the remainder of the year guidance does not reflect any significant disruption from the last staffing shortages, meaning that there's no deterioration in the phenomena for hospitals.
Jamie Samath: Actually, I think that's right, Gary. There's a period of time when as we launched extended-use instruments, customers in the U.S. and Europe in particular were ordering those instruments array higher than their usage as they consume the 10 life instruments that took some time to gain to parity. And so you saw in the end of positive benefit to Ion per procedure in Q1 and Q2.  Q3 for those regions that largely came to parity. We did launch extended-use instruments later in Asia and some of the rest of the world countries. And so they are still working their way to parity. So there will be small downward pressure on NIA per procedure holding everything else equal as they get to parity looking forward.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. I think -- Amit, it's Marshall. The environment, as it relates to supply chain, has deteriorated and got more difficult over time. And as we said, we've dedicated substantial resources to dealing with those shortages. And it has not, to-date, created an issue with us supplying customer demand. But there is a risk, and it's a real risk until we call it out to make sure that everybody is aware of that.  From the perspective of costs, we talked some cost increased material costs last quarter. They were not significant. And we also incurred some expediting fees associated with freight. Again, not material. But going forward, we do expect increased costs, and that will probably hit the margin in Q4 or Q1. It's hard to predict exactly how much until -- I think that summarizes it for you. It's difficult environment right now.
Marshall Mohr: I don't think I can say it's getting better. I actually think that it's difficult situation and will continue for some time. If you think about the one that's been talked about the most, the semiconductors, you've seen it in the auto industry, it's an issue in computers. And if you had to order any home goods that contained chips, you would know that there's a problem there.  That will take a long time to remedy. It takes a long time to build fabs, it takes a long time to produce product, and so I think that will go well into next year the predictions that we're hearing. I think Gary told you our team has done a marvelous job so far. So I think there are issues on a regular basis, and the issues so far that our team has been able to resolve those.  I don't have any statistics to provide you on how often, or what it means. I would just say that some -- anecdotally, some lead times have extended beyond 6 months. That's not all our products, and it's not an average you should apply to everything, but in some cases it's pretty long. And so I think it's a problem we highlight as just to make sure that you're aware of the risk.
Marshall Mohr: We've seen some cost increases. Again, they haven't been that significant. And frankly, our teams have done a marvelous job of sort with efficiency and effectiveness to offset those increased costs. But we're hearing from suppliers that they're going to raise their prices.  And so we're saying that hey, we expect that costs will go up more. Not sure. I want to say that the inflation where it is has hit us and am here to stay, but we are seeing some supplier's raise costs.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I think that the architecture as a whole, the shape sensor, the way it works, the design choices about making a soft catheter that's quite and can go deep into the  been really strong for us. And I think the data speaks for itself.  You can compare for yourself the data that focuses and that for Monarch, and we feel great about where we are. I think it is catalyzing. As we speak, I think that those results are helping us in the market. Our customers are giving us really good feedback. And we continue to invest in operations part of that program as well as the innovation side. We feel really good about.
Gary Guthart: Just jumping in. I think there are two things that are going on. One is, what will pace us is hospital availability for surgery  it. It's not infection rate, it's going to be resourced consumption at the hospital and their ability to pivot their resources, both human capital and facilities, back towards surgery.  As you double-click on that, some of it is regional variance, but some of it is actually just hospital system variance. There are differences in how each hospital has managed it. So it's hard to generalize, I think, beware of averages.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, that's right. It's the number of different procedures that's described in our labeling as to where this might be used in the body or in sub-specialties. So if you look in urology, there's a handful of different procedures that it can be used for and likewise gynecology general surgery. And as you just walk through, that's a set of procedures for which we've engaged the agency and put in our labeling. So they are quite broadly applied.
Gary Guthart: You got 10. And we're not done. I think surgeons and we and regulatory agencies around the world continue to explore where else technologies like ours can go.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I think with several of the other systems that are on the market, and as you say, the most recent one, we see early engagement. Those first engagements tend to be a placement of clinical trial sites and training centers and so on. So they are not surprising. They're their early access programs to get into the market up.  So far there are far a number of claims about what these new systems will do and I think the reality is time will tell the genuine systems. I think evidenced has to be generated to backup those claims. And so far, we don't see anything yet that looks like evidence. Just the said claims, so we'll keep serving our customer, doing what we can to make sure that they can achieve the quadrupling. And we'll see how other companies do.
Gary Guthart: First thing is that we think there is room for innovation on all the platforms we have. So whether it's multi-port and Gen 4, we continue to innovate. We've done a lot of sequential innovation on Gen 4, so our X and XI are different  we continue to invest both in incremental opportunities and in deeper, bigger opportunities on multi-port.  And as we're ready to roll those out, you'll hear about it. We brought to market SP, we continue to innovate on SP, and get sequential products and clearances globally for SP. And likewise Ion, which is having great success early in its first indication but we think has opportunities deeper in the body and different locations in the body, which will proceed and describe over time.  So yeah, I think you should expect continued innovation from us. As to whether we think that we're in immediate need of something, we are innovating at a pace where we think we can bring things that matter to the quadrupling, not so much an idea of what's our retail strategy, but more can we do something that changes quadrupling or otherwise improves the customer experience, and that's what we're focused on.
Gary Guthart: Well, with regard to what I meant by equilibrium, it was really that the initial stocking orders and the transition from older instruments to newer is largely taking place, but I'll let Jamie answer that more carefully than I just did.
Gary Guthart: The second half of your question, just to finish it, you talked about are we done, is that it for these kinds of ideas and extended-use instruments and da Vinci, these were design and process investments that we made to pursue what we think of is the virtuous cycle. The idea that if we can improve quality and lower cost for our customers, that they can use our products in more and different procedures.  And we're not done doing that. It may not look exactly like what we've done in the past, there are other things that we think we can do with it. Allow them high-value systems at different price points, or value instruments at different price points, so that line of reasoning has not exhausted.
Gary Guthart: Thank you for that question. Over the last few years, we've had an expansion of business and expansions of opportunity, both are happening. On the business side, we want to make sure that we serve our customers at very high-quality quickly in local regions where we can, and that we take advantage of a lot of the systems enterprise data that we have to help drive the business and help our customer.  And that's something that Marshall has been doing and I've asked them to double down on that to make sure that we can really take advantage of our global scale and serve our customers in our business really well at that scale. And it's an opportunity and it's a real work. The flip side is I have never been more positive about the long-term opportunity for companies like ours that can master the kinds of things that we have to do to help minimum invasive care and interventions.  And so there's real opportunity there. And I'd like us to get there quickly to have the agility and focus to be able to open new ideas and new architectures and new markets. And I can think of nobody more qualified to lead that effort than Dave Rosa, who is visited just about all parts of the Company.  He started off as an engineer and scientist and has done many things for us. So we're really trying to get the advantages of scale to help our global customer and also be agile in capitalizing on growth opportunities as we see them.
Gary Guthart: Okay. On the first one, in terms of diagnostic yield, you had said 82% and I guess what I'd advise everybody is, there's a couple of numbers that are important and they stay linked together. And that is what the size of the lesion is? And then what's the positive diagnostic rate, the ability to definitively diagnose? That's what the interventional pulmonologists are looking at.  So the bigger the lesion, if it's 3-centimeter lesion, your diagnostic yield rate is going to go up your definitive because it's easier to hit. So you got to look at both numbers. It's not a single metric. So 82 for smaller lesions are leading, as far as I can tell for endobronchial approaches for that approach. Some folks can get to higher yield rates, but they are hitting bigger targets.  So you need to look at both, and that's what I encourage you to do. The second thing that I advise you is that there are other ways to examine or get a biopsy. There can be outside the body, CT-guided needle biopsies, and those outside the body CT-guided needle biopsies have high success rates at gathering the tissue, but they have a lower safety profile than the endobronchial approach.  So there's a third dimension, which is, did you get the tissue you needed to get a definitive diagnosis? How big was the lesion you were trying to target? Then what was the complication rate. And we think that Ion is really good at managing all 3 of those relative to competitive approaches, and we're seeing a nice uptick as a result. And is that a tipping point? We'll see. So far, so good. That's what we had expected.  This kind of performance, that's what we were targeting. We're pleased to see it being borne out over multiple sites and multiple customers, and we think that's going to be helpful. With regard to your second question, you were talking a little bit about are we seeing an unusual or more aggressive slowdown because of Delta, then perhaps others.  What I'd encourage you to think about there is where in the world everybody is exposed and where they are seeing their growth. So in our case, we have a certain regional profile where our procedures are being done. Other companies may have much bigger exposure to say markets or countries that have a lower impact having to do with Delta. Frankly, I think it's as simple as that, but time will tell on that as well.  So let's go ahead and conclude. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions.  Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians, and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed a Quadruple Aim: better more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately a lower total cost of care.  We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It falls from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs, and their environment. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to speaking with you again in three months.
