Gary S. Guthart: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the call today. Our first quarter company performance was strong with excellent global procedure growth, solid capital placements, improving product margins and important new product launches. Turning first to procedures, global procedure growth for the quarter was nearly 17%, led by growth in general surgery, growth in the use of da Vinci Surgical Systems outside the United States, continued growth in U.S. urology and modest growth in U.S. gynecology. Trends in U.S. general surgery growth continued with strong growth in inguinal hernia repair and ventral hernia repair followed by continued growth in colorectal surgery. Customer feedback and commitment to the use of da Vinci in performing inguinal hernia repair for complex conditions has been encouraging in the quarter, increasing our confidence in its long-term acceptance. Procedure growth was variable by country in Europe, with solid performance in the United Kingdom and Germany offsetting slower growth in the Nordic countries. Performance in the quarter was helped by an extra procedure day in some regions relative to Q1 of 2015. Patrick will review procedure trends in greater detail later in the call. We placed 110 da Vinci Systems in the quarter, up from 99 in Q1 of 2015. Customers continue to purchase our Xi Systems over less expensive and less capable Si models by a factor of approximately three to one. Capital performance was strong in United States, offsetting capital softness in Europe and the exploration of our quota in China. Lastly, customer leasing and lease to own arrangements are making up a greater percentage of new system placements. Marshall will take you through our finances in more detail later in the call. Our operations teams remained focused on optimizing our manufacturing, design and supply chains for our newer products. Our teams continued to execute against their goals with steady improvements in reducing product costs for our new systems, advanced instruments in the quarter. Product cost reductions exceeded our expectations, and we expect them to continue to improve in 2016 and 2017. Our offerings make up an ecosystem designed to meet our customers' needs in building and running outstanding robotic surgery programs. This ecosystem includes systems and instruments and accessories, training technologies and peer-to-peer course work, service offerings, and program optimization and analytic support. As a result of the set of products and services that surround our systems, recurring revenue in the quarter comprised 75% of total company revenue. Highlights of the first quarter operating results are as follows. Procedures grew nearly 17% over the first quarter of last year. We shipped 110 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 99 in the first quarter of 2015. Revenue for the quarter was $595 million, up 12% over the prior year. Pro forma gross profit margin was 70% compared to 65.6% in the first quarter of last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to $322 million, up 16%. Total recurring revenue in the quarter was $447 million, representing 75% of total revenue. We generated a pro forma operating profit of $229 million in the quarter, up 24% from the first quarter of last year, and pro forma net income was $170 million, up 27% from Q1 of 2015. We continue to enable our Xi platform with new product launches. Our launch of intraoperative Table Motion is proceeding well with order flow that has met our expectations and with strong customer feedback on its utility, particularly in general surgery. In the quarter, we also launched our 30-millimeter Xi stapler designed to facilitate stapling in thoracic procedures and our Xi Single-Site instrument and accessory kit. Both are 30-millimeter stapler, and our Xi Single-Site instruments have started clinical use with positive feedback on their utility. Our Sp program remains on track. As our business has strengthened, we have increased our mid- and long-term investments in research and development. We have been increasing our investments in imaging, analytics and new product architectures based on our belief that substantial opportunity exists to enable better outcomes and to expand our access to our technologies globally. Calvin will take you through our projected spending later in the call. As we move forward in 2016, we're focused on the following: first, expanding the use of da Vinci in general and thoracic surgery, particularly colorectal surgery and hernia repair; second, advancing our ecosystem including expanding our Xi line and taking our Sp product into initial clinical use; third, driving our organizational capabilities end markets in Europe and Asia; and finally, assisting our customers in their efforts to maximize the comprehensive value of their programs. I'll now turn the call over to Marshall who will review financial highlights.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. So on the spend, I think the acceleration is really borne of confidence, confidence in the long-term viability of some of the markets and some of the things we're pursuing. You'll see it really cut into a couple of buckets. Some of it is investments in OUS markets where we think that we can do more by investing more, and we've been talking to you about that. The other side is on R&D. And in terms of categories, we've talked about it before, but we believe in them deeply: advanced imagining, the ability to see beyond what you can just see with your naked eye; new robotic architectures that allow surgeons to get into and out of the body in different ways and to different places than they could reach prior; as well as analytics and over-the-shoulder guidance, all things that we have been investing in, some things that we're accelerating. So we won't do product announcements on this call. As we get deeper into those things and are ready to share them more broadly with you, of course we will.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah, I think that it – each one of these steps, the 30-millimeter Xi stapler, the integrated Table Motion now, the Xi instrument kit is rounding out that Xi platform. And we have some more to do. It's not all complete, but it's definitely becoming a much fuller and richer ecosystem. We think that helps. It's very hard to forecast how much it is, how many people sit and wait until the next step, but we think those things add clinical value. For sure, a 30 millimeter stapler in thoracic procedures is a big win, likewise Table Motion for a lot of the more complex procedures. So we think that's strong. And there are a group of hospitals that use Si with Single-Site that if they're a single system hospital, they only own just one and they have a robust Single-Site program. This allows them to consider Xi as an upgrade. So it's hard to quantify, but we think directionally it's really strong.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. Europe was definitely variable, both in procedures and in systems. On the procedure side, we had some strength in some countries where they're moving along, and we think there's opportunity to do that and better. There are some other countries where it's going a little slower. Sometimes, it's a local economy issue. Sometimes, it's more where we are in maturity. In some of these countries, we're pretty well adopted in the mature procedures and they're really at the beginnings of emerging procedures. So it depends country-by-country. On the capital side, I think there's two things going on. A little bit of environment is one, and a little bit of wait-and-see on competitive offerings as they come out, and we're navigating that pretty well. In terms of head-to-head comparisons with our technology, our systems are coming out great. But it can put a delay in the pipeline, and we're seeing a little bit of that in Europe.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. It's a fair question. In general, we have been making early investments in advanced imaging. And what I'd tell you there is it's not one thing. As you know, we have Firefly which is a molecular imaging based product. We also have invested in raw imaging hardware capabilities which we'll continue to do. What we like to do is, as we have milestones that make sense, whether it's talking to regulatory bodies or engaging in clinical work, those tend to be good anchors to discuss with you. And as those arrive, then we'll share with you what we're thinking.
Gary S. Guthart: There's two ways that our confidence has been building. One of them is around the clinical outcomes and anecdotes that we hear. And that comes to, as we've talked about before, inguinal hernia particularly is a segmented market. Not all patients are suffering the same level of disease and in the more complex cases, if it's bilateral or prior abdominal surgery, obese patients, a large herniated sac. The raw clinical capability of our products is being touted as and supported by surgeons as being important to them, a better quality of intervention, consumable costs in line with what their expectations are. So there, I think that we're feeling pretty good. The second thing we can do is analyze kind of the reorder rates from surgeons as they go forward. So as you get through the trial periods, seeing kind of where as they learn it and get deeper and deeper into it, where do they apply it and how often do they keep buying our products. And that has been supportive as well. So as those two things come together, we start feeling better about it. And that's what's behind that set of comments.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. Thinking a great robotic surgery program is really the integration of all of those things, and there are multiyear efforts to build that set of programs from peer-to-peer networks that do advanced course work and teaching to validated learning pathways and simulation. Those validations are multiyear efforts to get right to the full instrument kit from vessel sealing to stapling and so on. And so, we're pretty thoughtful about balancing that set of investments. The thing that has gotten really stronger and interesting in the last couple of years have been our ability to analyze data, look at national benchmarking, look at regional-based benchmarking, and share that information with our customers so that they can make good decisions. Sometimes, those decisions are good for them and not great for Intuitive in the near term. If they optimize their program, we may get revenue per procedure in the near term. But we think long term, it's better for everybody. And so, we've been making those analytics in those investments and then communicating with hospitals. So we really have been plugging in in each of those settings. And I do think it makes for an ecosystem that creates a lot of value for the customer and builds our relationship with them.
Gary S. Guthart: Let me speak to a couple other factors, and then I'll let Patrick take it from there. As we look at urology, you've got it right, three main procedures in urology: prostatectomy, partial nephrectomy and cystectomy; the biggest one being prostatectomy. We know there was a bolus of patients that went into watchful waiting, some of whom will have disease progression and come back to definitive treatment. How long that bolus lasts is a little bit hard for us to predict. The second thing are the possibility of share changes between some of the treatment modalities, surgery versus radiation, versus watchful waiting. That data tends to lag. It's hard to get it in real-time. There may be some share change, although if there is, it's probably modest. And then there's just demographics. As demographics changes, you have more folks getting diagnosed with prostate cancer over time. So those are the three things that are rolling through, and sort of projecting how they balance out is what the challenge is. On the gynecology side, the thing that we're seeing in our experience is that you're seeing more surgery being done by high volume gynecologists in general, not just robotic surgery but laparoscopy and others. We're seeing a consolidation in the marketplace into folks who are either GY (41:53) oncologists or more routine surgeons. We think that's good for the world, and we think that's good for Intuitive. Those more dedicated surgeons tend to be our customers. We see them tackling more procedures in concentrated fashions, and so that's kind of what's happening in gynecology. Likewise, I think there's a demographic element here that's likely to find the bottom and then start to drift up. The unknown is nonsurgical approaches and in-office approaches. Those are kind of the factors at play. Patrick, I'll let you go from there.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah, I'll take that one, Rick. The opportunity in Europe tends to be country by country. So, where we're looking to do something different or better, it tends to be making sure that we have staff that is supporting local efforts and local needs that they're working in local language, that they understand the healthcare systems in intimate ways that are specific to that country. And so where we see opportunity, we'll invest there and build that out; we have been. Where we've made investments, we've seen growth. And so, where we see some areas of opportunity, we think we have a playbook. Now, we have to go execute against that playbook. That's been our perspective there.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. I think that it's a little bit hard to predict how fast it will go through. I guess our anecdotal experience has been, some have been quick looks, and make an evaluation and come sign up with us, and others are going through a little bit longer process. So with regard to a "snap-back," I wouldn't bake that in. I think it will play out a little longer than that. Having said that, the response of our customers after they have evaluated the other offerings and come back to talk to us has been fantastic. So our confidence that we have good offerings and we can meet these customers' needs is very high. They'll go through that process. And I think as new and different technologies come to market, not just the ones that are there today, I think this will be part of the new normal a little bit for Europe, is people cross shopping and making decisions. And our goal is to make sure that they find our products to be a very high value. So far, so good.
Gary S. Guthart: So we are in discussions with FDA on a trial type and end points, and we have clinical sites that are getting prepped; the product from the engineering and design and validation point of view is right on track. It looks really good. We're not expecting anything of substance in terms of revenue this year. We do expect them in clinical use in the second half, and that's what we're working towards.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. So my first statement is kind of a caution of, beware of averages. So there are places in the business where we're seeking high operational efficiency and leverage. You see that in product cost reductions and some of the things we're doing in manufacturing. There are other places in the operation where we think we can find leverage. At the same time, we want to turn around and reinvest those savings in opportunity. And we see a lot of opportunity. And I think that that opportunity should be pursued. So it'll be a little bit lumpy. We're trying to be balanced. I wouldn't say that our approach is hard over one or hard over the other. It's not revenue above all else, and it's not profit above all else. We're trying to be balanced in that approach. And it may be a little bit lumpy. I think opportunities happen when they happen. You can be overly cautious and miss them, and so we'll maintain a fiscal discipline. That's been part of our history and we'll keep it. Having said that, we want to make sure that we reinvest some of the benefits that the company has gained into expanding the opportunity we see in front of us.
Gary S. Guthart: In terms of just how we think about capital allocation, we are thoughtful and serious about it, as you'd expect. We think buybacks are one leg or one tool in capital allocation. We really start with, can we reinvest in the business and drive long-term growth and opportunity, buybacks if – there are times we've been typically patient and opportunistic. And we think because of the volatility of our stock, there are times that that makes a lot of sense for us. And in conversations with shareholders, where we are thoughtful and listen, then we have considered dividends, and we will consider them in the future. So, we look at those three things and try to trade them off. And we think for the long term; when we're thinking about capital allocation, we're not trying to do signaling or messaging. We're trying to build value for the business and for the shareholders in the long term.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. Just I'll start, and I'll ask Patrick to join in. Just from the starting place, these are typically cancer procedures and typically complex, mediastinal cancers, lung cancers. The product set that we have, Xi moves us in the right direction. Some of the instrumentation we're bringing along moves us in the right direction in terms of providing surgeons with the tools they are looking for for efficient procedures. And I think we're at the beginnings of that. The way to think about the market is there are some minimally invasive surgery done manually, video-assisted thoracic surgery. Some institutions do a lot of it with good results. Others do very little of it. If you look at national averages rather than institutional numbers, you see a lot of open surgery done, and we think that that's the opportunity. I'll let Patrick characterize it sort of.
Gary S. Guthart: Thanks, Tao. That'll be our last question. I'll answer that, and then we'll move on. I think it depends by country. So we see, for example, nice adoption of thoracic surgery in China. We see a pretty different mix of procedures in Korea than we see in the United States. So you have to answer it country-by-country. I don't think there's a systemic worry here that somehow we're stuck at prostatectomy and won't be able to move any further. I do think that it's important for folks on the phone to realize that the profile of procedures at each country is going to differ based on disease state, based on how the reimbursement system works and the relative priorities of their healthcare system. So we see that reflected. We do see multiple procedure adoptions in different countries. It just differs on what they're after.
Gary S. Guthart: That was our last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flows during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and I look forward to speaking with you again in three months.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Hey, Bob, thanks for the question. From a same day selling perspective, estimating the impact of operating days is anything but an exact science. From a tailwind at leap year, that benefited the quarter and some modest benefit from the timing of new year's being on a Friday rather than a Thursday. And from a headwind perspective, you had the timing of Easter which moved from the second quarter into the first quarter. But that has more of an impact on the OUS geographies. From what accelerated, the mature procedures sustained pretty strong growth in the quarter, as they saw throughout 2015, which was a little bit of a surprise to us relative to our initial expectations. And general surgery continues to be strong and growing off of a larger base which has more impact on the U.S. procedure growth number.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Yeah, Bob, the MHLW approved for a clinical trial to begin enrollment supporting malignant hysterectomy under the sensionary OB (28:17) process.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Yeah, Ben, I'll let you kind of do your math on the specific percentage. But as it relates to the benefit, it really is just think of it more as in the U.S. because the favorability of leap year and new year gets mostly washed out by Easter, particularly in Europe.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Yeah. No, I think you described the urology situation well. The other thing to bear in mind in the GYN market is while Single-Site procedures have been declining, some of the other benign procedures have been stabilizing and are creating less of a headwind to us on a year-over-year comparison basis, things like myomectomy.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Hey, Matt. Thanks for the question. Certainly, both ventral and inguinal hernia procedures continue to exhibit robust growth. Inguinal hernia is just a bigger overall procedure category. It's just more commonly performed. But the rates of adoption that we're seeing in both procedures is encouraging, and the surgeon populations that are performing them are continuing to increase the volumes of procedures that they're doing. So it looks promising. And certainly, from an overall volume perspective, it had some influence because just the numbers are getting to the point where it matters to create access for these surgeons to be able to continue to perform procedures that they are absorbing systems worth of activity at some of their institutions.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Yeah, Tao. It's still pretty early days. We're in the foundation. We've got a small team in the U.S. focused on it, but our focus continues to be on driving general surgery growth and hernia and colorectal resections. And internationally, we're still highly focused on driving dVP adoption and some emerging procedures in countries where urology is deeply penetrated. And when you look around internationally, it is a cancer that is very common in Asia and other parts. So it's very big opportunity for us, so perhaps a little bit around the corner from what we're currently focused on.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah, we're pretty pleased with the level of adoption for Table Motion, where the information we're getting back from surgeons is they're pleased with its usage and its performance. We're not going to be disclosing every quarter just how many tables we've delivered, so I won't go there. I'll just tell you that, again, we're pretty pleased with the level of adoption.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah, the margins – so what we're providing is a software update to the Xi that enables the Table Motion. The table itself is being purchased from Trumpf.
Marshall L. Mohr: The only other thing I'd add is that Europe has become very seasonal. And so if you look at Q4, it was extremely strong relative to the previous couple of quarters, and Q1 is more comparable to the previous year Q1.
Marshall L. Mohr: Sure. So one of the biggest factors we see going forward is product mix. So know that we have higher margins on instruments and accessories than we do on systems. And Q1 tends to be seasonally a lower quarter for capital. And also, we see growth in the new product, particularly energy product, stapling and vessel sealing going forward. And those also have lower margins than the base. So I think just based on product mix alone, we don't expect to sustain 70%.
Marshall L. Mohr: Sure. So, the operating leases is our way of being able to be flexible with the customer and meet the customers' needs in terms of financing. Some of the leases are shorter term and basically bridge their ability to get to a capital approval process, and those are a couple of the ones you've seen bought out in this quarter. Most of the operating leases are longer term being four- and five-year terms. And we'll drive a recurring revenue going forward. Like we said, this quarter was around $4 million.
Marshall L. Mohr: There's nothing specific about this quarter that I would call out as it relates to trade-ins. I think you have the numbers right. It came off of our – the detail we provided with the press release. I wouldn't call anything out specifically. I think last quarter, it was around – in the high 30s, and it's been there for a little while. I don't know that – it'll probably fluctuate in that range. So I don't have any specific comments on it.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah. So, I'll speak to China first and then to other locations next. As far as China goes, when we left last quarter, there were about six systems left on the quota. We sold five this quarter. There's still one out there. I don't know if it'll happen. And we're going to have to go through a tender process, and that tender process had to have already begun. As far as additional quotas, it's a part of the overall budget, government budget process in China. And so when that gets completed – and I don't have a magic ball that tells me when it will be completed – then we'll know whether we're still under the quota system and we'll know, if we are under the quota system, how many will be awarded. And there's no way to predict that in advance. As far as the rest of the world goes, in my remarks, I mentioned that the fourth quarter is a seasonally strong quarter. If you look at where we came out for this quarter, it was pretty comparable to last year for the first quarter. But it's going to be lumpy market-by-market depending on the circumstances.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah. There's some – we've said before, we're in the middle of gathering data or evidence for gastrectomy in Japan. That doesn't go into R&D. That's actually in our SG&A numbers. And if we were doing – I mean, as far as other clinical trials, we'll tell you about them when we think it's appropriate.
