Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Note that Patrick Clingan who routinely participates on these calls will not on the call today to attend to personal matters. We look forward to this return next time. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2016, and 10-Q filed on October 19, 2016. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial results, then I will discuss procedures and clinical highlights, and provide our financial outlook for 2017. And finally, we’ll host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. Generally speaking, we think we're still in fairly early stages on both the ventral and the inguinal opportunity. You saw, we talked about the results in general, surgery again up over 30% this year. Obviously, we had a lot of new procedures and we gained confidence as the year went on I think regarding our opportunity on the inguinal side with demonstrated stickiness on surgeons and growth in that category. But it's still difficult for us to assess how many, let's call it the close to 300,000 ventral hernias and 700,000 inguinals will ultimately be robotic candidates, but we feel pretty confident that it's going to be driving growth for us into 2017 and beyond.
Calvin Darling: The gynecology is one of those matured procedure categories in the United States. If you look at benign hysterectomy, the largest procedure in the category, over 80% of those procedures are performed in some minimally invasive fashion, whether it be with laparoscopy, vaginal techniques or robotic and it's kind of been that way in the last two or three years. So in that sense, we would expect, our starting thought would be, we’re likely to move with the market in that scenario. So if you look back a couple of years ago, at 2014, that's what happened. We declined low single digits. We think the total number of benign hysterectomies being performed is probably gradually declining in response to pay or pushbacks on that procedure, encouraging other treatment modalities. So ’15 that kind of kind of moved to the other side is 1% growth like I said in the comments.  This year, it ramped up to about 3% growth. And you’re right. I think it's largely reflecting a trend towards a higher proportion of the cases being performed by the gynecologic oncologists, the set of surgeons that are more aligned with robotics. So that's been a benefit. So our guidance would suggest, we'd expect this to moderate a little bit in 2017. We don't have a perfect crystal ball in this area, but at some point, we think the more complex cases are the ones being referred and you hit a certain level where that you're getting very adequate clinical outcomes with the other minimally invasive approaches. So we'll see how it plays out.
Calvin Darling: Again like I said, I think Q4 and really throughout the year in 2016 was a positive period time for us, still fairly early in that category. We're focused in the field team more on the general surgery opportunity, but there's increasing sets of people engaging, some of the key thoracic getting some of the newer technology, I mentioned that Xi system and 30-millimeter staplers in those hands and gaining that experience and building volumes from there is something we're focused on, but I think the value is high in that procedure and the opportunity is significant in the US, but when you look outside the US to Europe and particularly Asia with higher lung cancer rates, it's pretty interesting.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. I’ll answer that one. I think we're still in pretty early part of the market adoption for thoracic surgery. In general, it's been engaging, thought leaders in thoracic surgery, some of whom are minimally invasive surgeons today and some of whom are predominantly open surgeon. There's a mix. It tends less to be generalist here and more to be the thought leadership in thoracic as a whole. Part of I think what's been pacing growth here is just completing the product set for efficiency and speed of case. I think we're very close now to having complete product sets, things like 30-millimeter staplers and so on and that's helped. So I think as that product set completes as we proliferate Xis in the world, that has made adoption more likely and easier. I’ll turn to our close. That was our last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you we remain committed to driving the vital few things that really make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and I look forward to speaking with you again on the next call.
Gary Guthart: This is Gary. I think in the next few years, I would expect the business categories to be more or less as we describe them now. I think over time as Sp comes into the market, it will feel like surgical device in the kind of settings that you're used to, we do see increasing use of our products in ASCs, it’s not a dominant part of the business at this time. I do think it will grow over time. And then on the diagnostics segment, too early to tell what those segments will break out into. I think it's a platform. I think over time, it will broaden. In the early stages, we'll be talking to you about lung cancer diagnosis as it comes out.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So, there were kind of two different concepts in the question, so I’ll just tease them apart a little bit. On the imaging side of showing surgeons more of what's going on during surgery, we really view that in kind of three different buckets. There's better hardware, better imaging sensors and endoscopes, we've been working on that diligently and releasing updates to that product line on a pretty regular cadence. There's analytics and image processing that is more software based. We've also been working hard on that and have been increasing our investments. And then the last one are kind of better sensors, better contrast agents like the [indiscernible] agent. In some of them, we do the primary part of the design in house. In other places, for example on agents we have an active licensing and co-development effort going on. So we really partner that activity with others and a little bit of everything in between. So that was the imaging side. On the therapeutic side, pretty early to tell. I do think the flexible robotics platform; the computer controlled catheters have the ability to ultimately deliver therapy. What exactly that looks like will be disease state dependent and is likely to involve different kinds of technology over time. Too early for us yet to call where that ends up.
Gary Guthart: For starters, the first question on ACA, our sense here is that utilization probably won't change very much. We don't have a crystal ball, but so far the early indications are that will be stable. On the capital placement side, highly uncertain for us. We don't know. Early indications are that it's pretty stable, but depending on how policy ultimately is implemented, that uncertainty may roll through some capital planning processes for some of our customers. I wouldn't call it out yet. Not clear that that's happening, but it's a potential.  With regard to kind of timing in the year and Sp, I’ll let Marshall answer the question.
Gary Guthart: We should have the opportunity to close this clinical feasibility trial and then initiate the IDE head and neck trial in the first half the year. And as the one closes and the other opens, we’ll be in a better position to share with you that feedback.
Gary Guthart: I think our process to get to both of these, I just described how did we get to accelerating investment and how do we get to the ASR. With regard to accelerated investment, I think we are feeling good and increasing confidence in the use of our products in general surgery. I think that while we're still in early innings, I think the early results have been really strong, so that has been positive for us. As we look at where we sit on kind of the competitive landscape with regard to technologies and opportunities both here at home and abroad, we also are feeling confident that we have a very good technology pipeline and our positioning is quite good. And so as we look at then the opportunity to invest, our first priority is to fund the existing business. The second priority is look for organic growth opportunities that can drive profitable growth in the future.  That's where that 80 million is going and we evaluate platforms and we look at total available market for those platforms, estimate what the probability might be and stack rank them and then invest. We look for acquisitions as a third priority or a thing that can add to our company. And if we have excess capital, then opportunities to return it to shareholders. And so we walk through that process this year carefully and robustly and that led to both the pull forward of investment because we think there's opportunity and momentum and the opportunity to return some cash to the buybacks. And so those time together more by process than by some algorithm.
Gary Guthart: I think Sp is the furthest along of the new platforms and I think that Sp in ‘18 has the opportunity to do some interesting things should we execute well on our regulatory pathway. Molecules, the molecule side of imaging is further out than ‘18. There are some interesting things in imaging that are in ’18 that are more software and hardware related as opposed to molecular component. On the diagnostic platform, we're not ready yet to kind of anchor revenue expectations. I would not expect much in the ’18 timeframe, although I think we're going to make great progress on the technology and the learning on it.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Fair questions. On the first one, absolutely the incremental spend relates to building out second platforms. Sp has a lot of shared components with XI, but not entirely shared components. And so bringing that out has a new supply chain and a new set of testing and manufacturing resources that have to get invested in and in addition to some of the trial work. So that's a platform. The diagnostic side, we're really excited about and we think there's a great opportunity at home and abroad and so we're earlier in that platform but we're doing what amounts to the design and early trial investments there. And then there are clinical and economic data investments on our existing platforms, particularly in Europe and in Asia where we think reimbursement or access, other kinds of access, payer access are important and that's been a data that we're happy to go, invest and collect So it really is a mix of those elements as you called out in the question.  Moving on to your second piece, remind me the second half of your question.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Yeah. Commercial investment. A good example of that is, we think there's real opportunity for us in the major markets in Europe if we can increase our total business footprint. It's not just commercialized and sales folks, but some of it is sales staff. We have added a seasoned executive in Germany as a German general manager. We're adding some clinical resources into Germany as well to kind of round out the team there. I think it makes a lot of sense, early returns on that are strong in terms of just their ability to get things done and so those kinds of investments have been going on. Likewise in places like Japan where we’ve been investing in reimbursements, anticipating additional reimbursement in ’18, there is some prep work to get done in terms of both the customer base in commercial as well as the government side.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So what we're describing is that we're growing R&D spend and it's really operations not just R&D. So operating expenses unusually in’17 is a run rate and we think it will return to more normal growth rates in ’18. There's a couple of reasons that we think that’s so. One of them is, the biggest spend on a platform launch is actually the year before launch. That's where both you're building a lot of products, you're doing a lot of elevations. You're getting ready, you're doing a lot of the staging. So that bolus will go through. We have been investing sequentially over time a fair amount more in imaging.  So imaging in ’17 isn't a huge bolus. It's kind of a ratable growth. And you're right, we expect revenue growth ’17 to ‘18. So we expect growth in total OpEx expense in ’18, it’s just that the growth rate will modulate relative to ’17. So what we're trying to communicate to everybody here is that the growth rate in ’17 is unusual. We’d expect revenue growth in ’18, we'd expect op expense growth rate in ’18 as well, but more aligned with historical norms, in other words, the growth rate in ’17 is not the new normal.
Gary Guthart: We're encouraged. I don't see a major impediment to Xi clearance in China. And in general, we're encouraged by the response of the market to robotic surgery and to Intuitive in China. So I think in general, with the caveat that Marshall has outlined, as a whole, we look positively on the opportunity there.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. We provide a series of things now to the customer that are kind of an ecosystem around the product itself. So the simple things you think about are things like maintenance services, but we increasingly have access to interesting data on the use of devices, our devices benchmarking that are international and things like efficiency metrics with the use of robotic systems and in the last couple of years, we have partnered with hospitals to provide that set of data to them and to help them improve their systems and that's been a real positive for them and for us. And so that's what I meant when I said services. I think those data opportunities and benchmarking opportunities increase in the future.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I mentioned it is one of the bullet points in there for the outlook for -- moderating outlook on overall procedure growth. Internationally, I think the areas I pointed out specifically were China. Marshall talked a little bit about the quarter there. The fact is that the systems we do have in China are some of the productive systems we have and our ability to continue to grow procedures now somewhat pays by our ability to get more capacity in the field. So that can be a factor in 2017. And then in Japan, we very successfully ramped up the procedures where we have reimbursement, the prostatectomy procedure and earlier stage of a smaller category in the partial nephrectomy. So I think as those procedures have ramped, you've got less room and we’re waiting additional procedures in 2018, which will be required to sustain growth. Both those markets I’d say are, we've got very positive long term use on, but some specific factors impacting 2017.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. So to be clear, what we said was we would accelerate spending of $80 million. We would expect to more normalize our margins in future years. As far as the cadence within the year, spending particularly as it relates to engineering and prototypes and so forth can be pretty lumpy. So we haven't given you specific guidance, but I think you should expect it will go up as we go through the year.
Marshall Mohr: From an Sp perspective, what we've been communicating is consistent with what I'll say now, which is that Sp will contribute very little in terms of revenue in 2017 and will be more of a factor in 2018.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. So two part of the question. On the quota side, the quota is dependent upon the approval of their budget and the Chinese government budget and then allocations are then done down through MOH and then to the hospitals and so on and so forth until they get to which hospitals can buy specifically da Vinci product. They've taken the first step. They have approved, they did approve the budget at the end of 2016, so in December. However, they did not take it further to the allocations to specifics as to who gets to buy a da Vinci or how many will be bought. That process is still in motion.  It's not something we can control and frankly we don't have great visibility as to what's going on behind the curtains to get there. And so at this point, we sit and wait for the next quota to be approved. I think what we've also told people is, if you look at the last time quota was approved, it still takes some time for the hospitals to actually complete the tender process and buy product. So if you're putting together a model, looking at the last time a quota was approved in 2013, most of the systems were bought near the end of 2015. So the likelihood that there's going to be a lot of revenue coming out of a quota in 2017 is not very high. 
Marshall Mohr: Xi is in process. It is a long approval process. We'll tell you when we get it, which is our typical pattern of disclosure. We don't know where it is in the process.
Marshall Mohr: Sure. I think to the first question of what, does it change or were we interact at the hospital, I think in the near term, the answer is yes but only a little bit. I think that there's an opportunity to look at things like preoperative images that patients are required to do as part of their diagnostic work up and to be able to use and do some post-processing and machine learning on those pre-operative images to improve surgeon’s navigation or other capabilities during the case. That looks pretty interesting. That's some of the technology I showed you a few weeks ago at JPMorgan. I think in the near term, that's how we think about it. In the long term, I do think that there are interesting opportunities for analytics as it relates to the workings of a robotic surgery program or a minimally invasive surgery program that are a little bit outside of what's happening in a single case. And that may change and provide an opportunity for Intuitive to engage conversations with the hospital in a more broad manner, but I think those are -- we’re at early days of those conversations.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah. I think the things that can affect the gross margin are, like we said, we had some experience in the quarter with selling the lower cost systems in cost sensitive markets where we saw some success. So we'll see if that continues. It’s an end of one, but we'll see what happens. Certainly, new product introductions and new products have lower margins than our older products and so that also has an impact as we increase the sales of the vessel sealing and stapling and even though we've cost reduced them somewhat, they’re still higher, lower margin than our historical products. And so as we increase the sale of newer products, that will have a negative impact. Then the other item that we mentioned was repair costs associated with scopes and we continue to work as Gary said, iterate the imaging capability and the hardware and as we do, we’ll reduce the cost as well as improve the repairability, but that's a little ways off. And so it will happen incrementally over time.
