Gary Guthart: As we’ve said in the opening remarks, at the product side I think we’ll see capital margins come down a little bit relative to where we were in prior years but instruments and return revenue being strong. As we look at the spend profile, I think the next couple of years will be a set of investments, some of them around products, some of them around international expansion as we’ve been telling you as we go through. And I think it will take a couple of years for those investments to play out.
Gary Guthart: I think we’re too soon yet to break out all the segments in hernia. I guess I’d start by saying that hernia does have a fair number of segments, both in terms of where they are in the body and techniques that people use to approach them. We’re just working through now, what that looks like in terms of the value we bring to each one, so it’s a broad category, not a single procedure. We’re encouraged by it, I think that it’s growth rate has been real, it looks like there are real opportunities for us to bring value relative to alternative approaches, both clinical value and economic value, and that’s a good and powerful combination. So we’re not ready yet to break out the segment and size them for you, it looks to be a real opportunity, how big it ultimately will be, we’re going to have to work through the next couple of quarters before we publish that.
Gary Guthart: Just in terms of basic response, we were pleased with the response of Xi. I think that surgeons in the markets that we had targeted for it, I think really appreciated it, understood the capabilities that were brought forward. Things like colorectal surgery and thoracic surgery, a lot of the kinds of features that we brought with things that they have been asking for or anticipating. I think I was positive surprised by some of the response of gynecologic oncology, some things that some features being brought forward that I think they’ll appreciate likewise in urology. So I think there was a broader positive reception than we had anticipated a surgical side. In terms of the splits of who is interested and who is buying from a commercial point of view. In the U.S. I’ll turn that to Marshall and just give a little color on, existing customers versus retails and so on.
Gary Guthart: Yes, so as we think about the opportunity looking forward I think there are a couple of big buckets. One of them in areas treating cancer and complex disease which are largely open surgical procedures, we see opportunity globally. In the U.S., we’re early in our experience in colorectal and thoracic; in Europe, we see opportunities in urology and gynecology for malignant conditions in colorectal and thoracic as well, likewise in Asia. So that sort of opportunities is one that we have been investing in, both on the product side as you know, things like Xi and stapling, and expanding and filling out the stapling line, as well as increasing our capabilities in terms of direct markets. And so, I think that opportunity is substantial, I think we’re still in the early innings of that – of exploring that opportunity and delivering those products and the consequences of those to those markets. So that’s one set that continues. A large part of our business is for gland [ph] surgery as well and you see things like the hernia opportunity we just discussed evolving pretty nicely. And as that happens, we will also look for products that optimize that opportunity, both clinically and economically. And I think those things are also translated cross borders. So we’re really working on both sets, we’re further ahead in adoption on the complex and cancer side, and so that’s where we’re starting in our U.S. markets for the most part. And that really informs the product pipeline in the go-to-market strategies that you’ve heard us talk about.
Gary Guthart: I think in general being closer to the user groups in the country helps us a lot in a bunch of different directions. One of them has made me sure we understand their needs and understand it in a very deep way. And in a broad setting so we are speaking to multi-specialties, that helps a lot. Number two is, as we say in Japan, the government interacts very closely with surgical societies to set guidance to understand data requirements and to help review issues and activities. And so having close relations with surgical societies, with keeping your leaders, and with our customers directly, those who already own our products. It help speed up the communication. It gets us more careful and deeper look into opportunities and issues to be resolved. And so we were pleased to do, it’s absolutely aligned with what we want to get done.
Gary Guthart: Looking at it there is not a specific thing that we think is looming and as we’ve said in the prepared remarks, I think there was some choppiness between Q1 and Q2 that had to do with quarter boundaries and some other things that may have been unique to Q1. And so if you look at the first half together rather than separating it on quarter boundaries, I think it gives a better picture of where we are. Going forward I think the determining factors will be continued strength in general surgery which we’ve been pleased with in the first half of the year. Offset by what happens next in gynecology in terms of stabilization, those are really underlying dynamics in the back half and that’s what Calvin has used to think through the back half range.
Gary Guthart: Yes, there is not a change there in our – what we believe is fundamentally important from an investment point of view. There are some things in the front half that are in a sense volume related cost that we didn’t have to incur and there are some things that are timing issues.Robert Hopkins – Bank of America: Great, and congrats on the progress.
Gary Guthart: David, I think if you look broadly across larger cap, med-tech stock you’ll see that we range in stock based comp as a percent of revenue around 7% to 8% whereas most of the other companies range around 1%.
Gary Guthart: Short answer is we value equity, we understand completely dilution and we respect shareholders view of dilution. In terms of how our comp plans are absolutely built, we are building them so that we can be effectively for the talent that’s required to build this company and that’s relative to – sometimes med-tech but often our peer group is – in terms of talent is tech companies that share our location here in headquarters. And so, we’re careful about dilution, we don’t give it away without deep thought. It’s not in terms of what the expenses are, they are not in any way hidden, they are absolutely available, and when Marshall talks about pro forma he is really pointing out the economic engine of the company. So we understand and appreciate your remarks, we absolutely understand and respect to need to treat equity carefully.
Gary Guthart: Generally the dynamics we described last quarter in quality really stated about the same in terms of – it continues to grow, we see a segment of the market that values it, both in terms of patients and in terms of the surgeons and institutions that are providing it. Directionally I think in terms of rates, it was more or less in line with where we were before, perhaps a slight slow in volume as growth.
Gary Guthart: With regards to the systems Tycho, the ASPs we report, the $1.5 million, they do reflect the contractual revenue related to the sales agreement. This quarter we did happen to have three systems that were shipped under operating lease arrangements where the system revenues will be recognized over future periods and there were also other sales involving financing terms where revenue will be deferred over future periods which again is offset by the upgrade portion within the system category. So I think it’s – with this additional complexity it’s not as simple as it was, just multiply the ASP, times of number of units and get the systems revenue but we are absolutely focused on finding the customer solutions and adding to the installed base.
Gary Guthart: On the first question of what are the data requirements in Europe, in general I think they tend to ask for data in local countries and particularly around local economics and so on. And so, a lot of what the emphasis has been there has been making sure the datasets make sense in the country. We have good indications and good capability studies and lot of work from around the world so that can help guide us. But ultimately it requires engaging those markets directly and the surgical societies directly. So that’s kind of – what the European picture looks like. One hernia, it’s always in the experience, our hernia data will start to be collected and analyzed more broadly but as usual, in these kind of procedures the early upticks proceed the large studies.
Gary Guthart: Let’s see, on the first one we are designing the product such that it can link up an existing Xi or you can configure it as a standalone, so it will be able to sell either as a standalone or as an option of into an Xi, that’s our product plan. There is nothing fundamental in SP long-term that keeps us from changing port size. The initial design and the initial instrumentation are of particular size, the architecture is actually quite flexible.
Gary Guthart: Tao I think if you look through the comments we’ve made, the stabilization in GYN and the improvement in Q2 is the largest factor between Q1 and Q2. But we think you should increasingly look at – particularly with all this being going on and the volatility around the elective benign procedures, look at the first half of the year in aggregate, when you think about those procedures, given everything has been going on around the macro landscape.
Gary Guthart: So – a couple of things, I think from a product design and usability point of view in terms of internal testing, that’s very, very good, so I’m quite encouraged there. We’re in the process with FDA, I think the process is following a routine kind of exchange and so it’s always hard to predict what the final endpoint will be there but I don’t see big barriers to completing that work.
Gary Guthart: Yes, a couple of things. I think it’s really important to start with – understanding the concept that both clinical efficacy and value, economic value, have to be evaluated procedure-by-procedure across both, the population of patients and a population of surgeons. And so what that means is that looking for the one definitive study on dementia’s [ph] is unlikely, you’re going to have to take it, it’s just not possible, you’re going to have to take it case-by-case. As you look at case-by-case, there was actually quite a bit that has been done already and quite a bit that is in process, both company sponsored and sponsored by others. We pay attention to it, it’s important, really the strong elements that must be present for us to tell anything. Take colorectal as an example. The majority of colorectal surgeries done are open, some are done lap, and now robotics is coming in. And so a good study, one that’s going to look at that looks at all of the patient population that’s being done open, the patient population that’s minimal lap, patient population that can be done robotically, as well as the variance in certain skill from those who are skilled laparoscopically and those who are not. So those are broad suites. Some of the studies going on approach that but a lot of them look at subsets. And so the kinds of things that we’re interested in making sure happen and support and ones that were broadly enough. I think it’s a huge mistake as Patrick said in his remarks, to go look at it. Some population that is lap, some population of patients that [ph] and ignore a majority of population which is open. So the short answer to your question is, those things were developed in time, they go procedure-by-procedure, we ask our folks who are investigating to look broadly and compare against the majority modalities, some of which are sponsored by us, some of which are sponsored by government sponsorship or other approaches and they will develop in time and we’ll share them with you as they come up.
Gary Guthart: Yes Rich, I think it’s early and we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing. You’re seeing about the mixed bag of procedures that are being done as well as the types of surgeons and who is adopting. So it’s early for us to try to pitching it into any given sub-segment yet but we plan to look closely at it and report on it moving forward. Thanks.
Gary Guthart: Thank you very much. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. The following are two responses to our new Xi surgical system from experienced customers. From one of the most experienced robotic urologist, these are the best robot today, vision is nicer and clear, I can see structures very, very nicely. And from the patient side surgical assistant, docking process is easier and more efficient. Our second case was doc faster than our typical Si dockings, and we have done hundreds of those. We did not have a single external collision and there were almost no adjustments necessary. Usually on a bariatric procedure I’m adjusting the camera and instrument times frequently, but with the Xi it was not necessary. We believe we have a unique opportunity to improve surgery. The quotes above speak to the care and diligence of our design, operations, training and field teams in meeting our customers’ needs. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: So within U.S. we saw [indiscernible] second systems – I think briefly I’ve just taken a little bit of longer that we’ll – resulting –
Marshall Mohr: For half of the year we’ve obviously spent less than what we’ve have originally provided guidance for the year which was 12% to 15%, and so some of that had to deal with – I don’t think there is big difference but that had to do with the hiring patterns in – they will need to hire people quickly in Japan and places like that. So we’re little bit of to the favorable side but again, as I said earlier, we expect to ramp expenses as we do continue our international expansion in product development.
Marshall Mohr: Sure, this isn’t a new thing, we always wanted to look at it without stock comp, we’ve previously provided you with a cash flow information that does include the impact of stock comp. I think in our particular stock – we’re pretty disciplined about how we issue equity. We maintain specific guidelines and I think are well within the industry parameters, 30% dilution on an annual basis. What [ph] is the valuation – I think Blackstone’s [ph] valuation has issues with it and one of those would be that it’s heavily reliant on volatility and other factors that go into the consultation. With our stock being a little bit more volatile, we unfavorably compare it to – with some of the peers like Johnson & Johnson, and so we think it’s better to look at us without it.
Marshall Mohr: Effectively we deferred revenue associated with the number of systems we expected that would be traded back in, so there was an estimate involved there. So when I say that we would modify – I said we would modify that estimate as we go through time and in fact at the end of Q1 we’ll get there, certain customers that we understand will not trade-in, so we reversed that the accrual for that. As far as why didn’t more take us up on our own – remember right now the Xi isn’t fully featured and there are other products that will go with it, that we’re still working on getting ready to floor with [ph]. And we think that some customers may have hesitated for that reason but we’ve extended these offers until September 30, so they have till September 30 for Xi.
