Gary Guthart: Yeah, I think in terms of any of the systems that we're going to place or somebody else places, I think the robot itself or the product itself is just the first step. You have to provide the robot, but you also need the instruments and accessories. You need to be able to help do product training, you need to build proctoring networks. You want to be able to help your customer do benchmarking and analytic analysis of usage patterns relative to what the rest of the world is doing.  And so, I think they expect support beyond the dropping off of a system at the backdoor. And we have built that over years, we have come to understand it deeply and I think it is valuable to our customer. And I think that helps us, I think other companies have various degrees of enablement in that space.  With regard to flex catheter in particular, we have been investing in it as you know for years and years. This has been a long-term investment. We have built technologies and made decisions about our architectures based on first principles not by looking over our shoulder at what other people are doing, but by really engaging customers deeply and understanding their clinical needs. That has driven us, continues to drive us. We have connections into the customer base because of those first principle investigations, and those folks visit us. They look at our technologies, they visit others and look at technologies on the market or soon to be on the market and they make decisions. We're going to make decisions based on clinical value and demonstrable outcomes. You’ve seen the early parts of that with regard to the publications at CHEST. I think there are advantages for people who are first movers, but I think they're short lived, I think that in this space because there are a lot of alternatives in the marketplace and because it’s going to be a market that’s driven by clinical data over time, the best solutions are going to win and I am confident in our technology and even more confident in our team.
Gary Guthart: Bob, you are absolutely right, systems placements are driven primarily by procedure growth and you have to look at it over a period of time because systems can be lumpy in any particular quarter. So, if you look at 2017, the installed base grew 13% and procedures grew 16%. So those procedures that were really driving that installed base growth. This quarter we had a little bit higher proportion of trade outs. That reflects I think as I said in my script, customers wanting to avail themselves to fourth generation capabilities. And we also saw high sales of Xi validating that that system has features that really are driving adoption. So, I think it’s lumpy. I think it’s hard to make conclusions based on one quarter of increased trade-in volume and I just would be cautious there and we expect to see some volatility. But overall over a longer period time of time systems will follow procedure growth.
Gary Guthart: Sure. For now, as we said in earlier in the script the teams are doing the product validations, they are doing the testing that supports our submissions. And we are stabilizing the supply chain and that’s important when we launch we want to feel good about our ability to make the products, and our sub suppliers’ ability to make their parts. We are progressing. I think the team is doing a very good job. So, there we are progressing against our plan.  For starters, as I said I think in the past, I am excited the flex catheter technology because I think it’s a platform and we will have other opportunities outside of the lung. Where we are today is focused on bringing this first product to market and satisfying the needs of the interventional pulmonologists and thoracic surgeons. I think that is a major opportunity. I think perfecting the clinical pathways, the use of the product and data generation is important for us to focus on. And so, our organization is tightly focused on that mission now.
Gary Guthart: Marshall might speak to kind of where -- I think you’re implying the quota but Marsh you speak to that.
Gary Guthart: I think in general what's going on there doesn't appear to be Intuitive specific, I think it’s more rolling through the centralized government processes, we think that the core interest by Chinese customers in our products and the company and robotic surgery more broadly is strong and we feel slight forward progress in terms of the way the process has been moving. We just can't call what the timelines are, and so we’re at the limits of our ability to influence that outcome.
Gary Guthart: So, a couple of things that I pointed out, one was that in 2017 we had six leases, in 2018 we have one, obviously when you have an operating -- and these operating leases, operating leases you don't have revenue, so, some of that is attributable to it. Also had a foreign exchange or currency exchange that was a -- when they're back here as the U.S. dollar has weakened over the year, and we also had a favorable mix of product. As I said, in my script, we had a high mix of Xi around the world that also included OUS, and we also had a favorable geographic mix. If you noticed there was substantive sales in to Europe and again these are lumpy so you can’t take one geography and extrapolate that forward, but in Europe we did well. We did a little bit lower sales relative to the prior year and some of our distribution markets where we sell at a lower price. So, you just put all those factors together and it adds up to increasing revenue to the extent that it did. 
Gary Guthart: We’re optimistic that India will represent a good market long term but I think in the short term to think that it’s going to snap to our second largest market, our first largest market is not happen. We have a distributor there, we've been working with for years, we've made -- I think we have around 40, 50 systems installed in India, the total -- but the total number of procedures that they generate is maybe 1% of our total revenue -- of our total procedures. So, it is not consequential yet. We are making investments in it, we do think it’s -- again long-term that it’s a viable market and a good one for us, but we’re at the very, very, very early stages.
Gary Guthart: It's going to be an interesting one to see evolve. I think it's early for us to put much commentary on it. We see interest by surgeons, having said that, it's a highly penetrated procedure with laparoscopy. And there are a lot of highly skilled laparoscopists in that market. And in that sense, it's stands in contrast to prostatectomy or hysterectomy for malonic conditions which were predominantly open procedures. So, we see some core demand and interest. Certainly, we want to complete the product offering in the Stapler. I think the real question there of where it could go overtime, I'd like to answer in future calls as we get a few quarters underneath the belt. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah, I think that in general I think reimbursement decision is a positive for us. It's not an alloyed [ph] positive. I think that it will concentrate adoption into the bigger centers, that's okay. I think we're in a position to support that and we will do so. We all make investments for data collection in Japan. And the use of that data collection will be certainly something we can have to share with surgical societies and with the government as time goes on and to the extent that we show additional value and I think it's something that the government will consider for future reimbursements. I wouldn't ink anything on your calendars yet as to changes in reimbursement from this space. Although I think that there is some water to go under the bridge here. I think the interest -- having just been in Japan I think the interest is high. I think surgical society is seeing it as a positive step and endorsement by the government. I think that the economics in the right centers will work well for them. And it's an exciting for us and our team in Japan. And I'm looking forward to seeing them have a chance to broaden their base of business and get to know more customers. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah in terms of the nature of the questions that came back, I think it's within the kinds of conversations we've had with FDA over the years. And so, I think our teams are working on it. I don't see commentary that I would signal to you one way or another either particularly small questions or particularly big ones, I think it's right down the middle.  With regard to potential applications overtime. I think general interest in SP is high, which is exciting to me. And I think one of things that made us excited to invest in the first place is that it allows an approach to entry into the body that's little more flexible than multi-port approaches. And I think that will open some opportunities in the future for surgeons who are looking for alternatives.  Of course, that takes time. I will have to do protocol developments and data collection to get additional clearances as needed. But it was not unanticipated, that was part of what we had thought in terms of investing in the platform. This year will be a limited launch as we build volume and as we start to do things like enabling the proctor network and pursuing the sequential indications that we’ve talked about. So far so good, I think the team is on plan. I think the clinical response we’ve been getting from surgeons who are evaluating the data and looking at that base that looks really good.
Gary Guthart: I guess I will start with -- I think the opportunity for the use of advanced technologies to help surgery is really substantial and there are both a lot of interesting scientific advances in the space we are in and there is a lot of need. I think there’s always there’s kind of two or three risks for an organization like ours I think has to manage. One of them is I think the day-to-day operations that are required to supply your customers can keep you from making the launch of investments to need to keep advancing the yard. And so, we manage that firmly. But I think that you need to do both and I think we’ll have missed a serious opportunity if the systems that are enrolled, a decade from now look like today, so I think that there’s real opportunity for advancement, so that’s one.  I think the second thing that’s just vital is that these things are complex technologies, they absolutely require outstanding human beings, and human capital and they need to be brought into a company that has a culture of satisfying the customer and performance and so I think washing out a culture with growth can be something that is a problem and we need to attend to it.  And I think the last thing is that healthcare is local, I think that when we want to make progress outside of the United States, it takes a deep understanding of the countries that we’re working in and real skill and capability there. The metal may look the same but the healthcare system in the way it values products differs and I think that being too shallow in those assessments can meet risk in underperformance and if we underperform than others will satisfy the need. So those are kind of the victory for me.
Gary Guthart: No, I think it’d be possible, again I think we are calling for some moderation in China and just order of magnitude right, the U.S. business, general surgeries are largest category in the U.S. gynecology is the large set of procedures and that mature category is urology, so I think those just have larger basis of business that kind of things impact and then we’re going to have a bigger impact at least on this year in terms of the growth rates.
Gary Guthart: I understand the question right the difference in suturing is a lot in terms of the amount of suturing between those two. I think it’s too soon to tell right now what kind of the value statements are going to be in bariatric surgery over time, so like I said I think there’s some core interest here, the procedures are taxing on surgeons, they’re demanding procedure, and there are differences between those two techniques, I think stay tuned is really the short answer here, we will let it play out over the next few quarters and report back. 
Gary Guthart: Sure. This is Gary. I think we're still in the early part of the game, I don't know exactly what inning and whether there'll be extra innings or not. But it we're not in the first innings, it's now becoming evaluated fairly broadly. Inguinal has been the primary driver in the hernia space to date. We think incisional hernias are also an opportunity and that may rise in the future relative to inguinal. So far so good. We look at of course clinical publications and presentations and value statements as reported by clinicians. We also look at reorder patterns and use, are they trialing or are they sticking with it. And so far, the performance in terms of ongoing use and sticking, stickiness, sticking with the procedure once they've tried it is quite good in inguinal hernia repair and that's a good sign for us. So, we think we bring real value here. And customers came to report back as much. We look forward to the next several quarters. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah, as we said before, I think that need is clear. And I think that the opportunity afforded by the kind of the core technologies that are available are also clear now have become clear. I think customers are always interested in choice. We can provide them choice within our ecosystem, but they'll look for choice outside that ecosystem also. And I anticipate it, in my response customers when they ask is they should evaluate the alternatives. I guess what I would say is the hardest thing to compete with is the power points that don't yet exist in a product and the concepts that can't really be evaluated.  I think in general, the existence of competition validates the space. I think that it signals to surgical societies the broader acceptance of the concept itself I think that's generally positive. I think these organizations out there that are large and small all of that staffed by capable people. And I think that they're going to work hard and look at alternatives. And to the extent that they come up with some really strong ones. I think that will change what’s happening at our customer base but so far so good.  I haven’t seen product concepts so far that Intuitive hasn’t either considered and built or considered and consciously passed on. It doesn’t mean that we’re not wrong, we could be. But I feel like we have a good team. I think our team thinks about the problems holistically and from the customers’ perspective. And if we continue to do that, I think we will be well positioned vis-à-vis competition. 
Gary Guthart: Yes, I mean, we mentioned in our comments, Isaac. We are expecting it will probably modest. We have got nearly 300 systems in Japan currently. And so, I think there’s a lot of capacity that can be applied to this new set of procedures. These set of procedures can involve a process here of bringing up the teams and going through training and they are gradually building as we gain experience and confidence. So, I don’t think there’s going to be a tremendous need to expand capacity here in the early days.  It is true that some of these new procedures and they in the general surgery and thoracic categories can definitely benefit from our fourth-generation technology, Xi technology, there will be some interest on the part of some folks to upgrade to the newer models. But for us right now I think it’s really about building a foundation clinically in the market and like we always say, eventually the capital will follow but we are not predicting anything too dramatic this year. 
Gary Guthart: It’s a negotiation that occurs between Central Government and the provinces, so we are not permitted that negotiation and I don’t really understand or know what the time table is. I can tell you that last time the quota was approved that it took several quarters for it to translate into any kind of sale to us. So, if you recall the quote last quarter we got was around 2013 and yet we saw most of systems at the end of 2015. So, you go through that negotiation between Central Government and provinces and then you also then have a tender process with each hospital at the end of it and that takes time.
Gary Guthart: Alright. Well that was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma.  We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure that we remain committed to driving the lot of few things that should make a difference.  This concludes today’s call. I thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improved surgery and we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
