Gary Guthart: Yes. Well, I'll start on AI. Let's talk about what it is. For us, it's a suite of digital tools that rests on a baseline and then can be built upon using various machine learning techniques including computer vision. We've been at it for some time. We started the Internet-of-Things for surgical robots over a decade ago. We built the baseline of cyber secure privacy-compliant pipes that allow us to get access to the data. So there's some foundational work that was important. That's kind of step 1.  Step 2 is to collaborate with customers and aggregate data that is meaningful. AI is only as good as the quality of the data that you feed it. And so for us, that has been robot data, some other data in electronic medical record data in partnership with our customer base. We've been doing that for several years now. From that, I think you can start to do analytic inspections. You can do analysis on the data, look for correlations. Sometimes it's pretty simple math. That gets you big data explorations, some simple things that we can do to help our customers become more efficient and to expose variation.  Over time, you can invest further in things like computer vision, which we have been doing and into predictive analytics, the idea that you can look at surgical data science, understand the variation of patient populations and what's happening in surgery and start to create tools, digital tools that can help improve outcomes or speed learning curves or lower operating costs and we're going to work on all of those things.  So of the things you mentioned, we have our toe in the water in many, and we've had for some time. As I said in the script, the feature content can be moved pretty quickly. I think the validations take real time to do well, particularly outcome-based or interventional validations. And so we're going to go through and do that with real rigor. So I expect us to continue down that pathway. 
Gary Guthart: Let me talk a little bit about, I think, the patient population that moved to the sidelines during the pandemic, and then I'll turn the assessment over to Jamie. On the kind of the pandemic response, it's hard to exactly estimate how many folks would have been in diagnostic pipelines that did not get their tests. We do look at the data that's available to do that. I don't think it will clear in just one quarter. I think our past experience on these things is that lower utilization happened over a several year period, and it will probably take many quarters for it to fully recover. How long that is, I think it's very, very hard to estimate. So far, so good.  You asked a question about bariatrics, I'm going to turn that over to Jamie. He spoke about it a little bit in his prepared remarks. 
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the supply chain health side, we are seeing fewer pockets of challenge, but some pockets nonetheless. So there's been significant focus and attention to make sure that we're supplying our customers what they need as we go through a pretty nice procedure growth curve. So they're calling out improvement in the breadth of supply chain challenge, but cautioning that there are still some pockets that need attention or require attention.  We continue to work on multiple things. As you know, we're working on next generations of our platforms, in general, that is a routine activity for us. How we make the decision between upgrading a current generation versus moving it to the next generation really is around customer value of that switch and the convenience and economics of doing an upgrade versus a platform changeover. And we expect to do some of both. We are usually working on the next two generations because of the time it takes to develop a platform, not just the next one, but the next one after that. And current time is really no different.  We're pleased with the performance of our engineering teams and prosecuting those upgrades and technologies. What I will say is prioritization wise, what we care about is can we improve patient outcomes in a real way or open a new population of patients to the benefits of [indiscernible] surgery. So we look at that. We look to improve the surgeon and care team experience, whether that's in their ergonomics or their workflow and the like with which they perceive our systems. We work to improve efficiencies of overall programs. We'll work on things that make hospital programs more efficient and we work to lower the total cost to treat per patient episode.  And when we find feature sets and technologies that do that, then we get pretty excited about them and drive them hard. 
Gary Guthart: You had a long list. I think several of those are important and things that we have talked about and have shared with the world. I think the idea of higher confidence ability to identify tissue in real time for the surgeon, and we can do that in a few different ways. So the florescence imaging, that you described and other advanced imaging technologies that give surgeons the ability to see beyond the surface of the tissue and beyond what you can see with normal white-light imaging, we absolutely think that's helping clinical outcomes and we're excited about and investing in image fusion or data fusion, and that's the CT overlay, the segmentation of preoperative MR and CT scans and the ability to use that in real time during the case, we think, can change outcomes and change efficiency in the OR.  Other types of analytic and sensing capabilities, we think are really powerful and important. And to the earlier question about AI, machine learning, machine vision, these things work together. So high-definition images that show you things beyond the surface of the tissue plus computer vision, plus AI models can give you some predictive analytics that I think are really powerful and would help surgeons get to better outcomes, reduce complications. So I am like that surgeon, quite excited. 
Gary Guthart: A reminder, our motivations on that, we've been quite conservative on pricing. Our input pricing in the last few years has gone up in terms of raw material and labor content. We have offset most of that through efficiency and scale advantages, but we felt like it was time to share some of that with our customers, and that was what was behind the price increase. 
Gary Guthart: Just I want to just step back a little bit on bariatrics, we've had a few questions on it and just make a point. As we go out and talk to surgeons, we talk to obesity physicians and pharmacologists, which we do in terms of our diligence. The sense here is that the market is going to adjust to the change in treatment pathway as it relates to drugs. However, it doesn't look like the drugs are a cure and may not be a fast path to cure and a strong consensus among those we speak to, including people who are not surgeons, physicians who are not surgeons is that the surgery and other interventions are going to remain an important part of the interaction.  As the -- in the near term, I think the market will adjust to understand what role the drugs will play but they're not cures and the discontinued rate remains pretty high, and the populations of patients who don't get any benefit from the drugs also remain significant. So I think there's an adjustment period here and we should be aware of it. But that may become a tailwind in future quarters as folks work through those sets of pathways and look at long-term and durable solutions into the obesity challenges. 
Gary Guthart: Yes, it's a good question. I think we see that one size doesn't fit all. There are some folks for whom they still remain happy about capital purchases. They see it as the cheapest way for them to access systems. They have high confidence and they're going to buy. There are some folks for whom capital is tight, scarce and or they're interested in future technology protection clauses, and they would rather lease. And there are some folks who are looking at expansions, are a little bit unsure about how fast volume might ramp and for them, usage-based arrangements give them some protections about ramp timing and speed.  Our analytical capabilities are pretty good, and our finance flexibility is pretty good. And as a result, we'll have that conversation pretty direct way, and I think the market starts to settle where it settles. If you ask, do we have a strong preference for one of those models, the answer is not really. 
Gary Guthart: Yes. That's a little bit of the narrative we're hearing too. We go out and canvas our customers pretty widely. There may be a role for kind of new adjuvant use of drugs and then as you say, that may condition some patient populations to be beneficiaries of surgery downstream. There may be folks who start the drugs, get the benefits that they were hoping for, but either the side effects or the cost or the change lifestyle that the drugs are implying, make it hard to sustain. There's a fair amount of that in the literature. So that may -- that population may look for other solutions.  I think we're just going to have to work through it and see. What we don't see yet is a magic pill, one that cures it and doesn't require behavior change or other lifestyle modification and that -- and it seems unlikely. And as a result, I think we're going to see an adjustment, how long that adjustment period lasts, none of us know. But we know that there will be a role for surgical and mechanical intervention after the fact. And I think we're well positioned. And as Jamie had mentioned, it looks like even in the current environment, the share continues to move our way. So we're going to stay close to it. 
Gary Guthart: It's a good question. We're probing probably too soon for us to give you a definitive answer.  Right. That was our last question, and thank you. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim. Better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams and, ultimately, a lower total cost to treat.  We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that's less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most.  Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in 3 months. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. What we saw in Q2 was that growth rate slowed. We have some input from customers that the level of patient interest is such that patients are now considering drugs versus surgery. It's unclear yet based on that set of inputs from customers the duration of that evaluation by parents and patients and obviously, it's layered. So what we did for our guidance was we just said at the high end for the remainder of the year, the bariatrics growth rate in the U.S. is consistent with what we saw in Q2. And at the low end, we said that the growth rate continues to slow a little bit over the course of the year as patients become increasingly educated about the weight loss drugs. And obviously, there's a number of factors that patients have to consider with respect to those drugs, cost, side effects, what happens if they come off the drugs and regain weight, et cetera. But I think from our perspective, we're early in understanding what the longer-term impact will be.  Customers have said that they have confidence that there is a role for surgery in weight loss and that will endure over kind of the longer term. What happens in for the rest of the year, I think we'll see. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. I mean, obviously, there's increased opportunity in the sense that this quota is 559 systems relative to the prior quota of 225 systems, but you also have now 5 local players. There will be government interest in success of local players. We do believe the surgeons care about capability and feature set and so the extent to which da Vinci continues to be differentiated, I think, is to our advantage.  In the -- and we are seeing those local players increasingly participate in tenders with respect to how that quota will be allocated. So it gets allocated from the central government to the provinces and then it goes through tender processes. So there is some time before that results in placements and that's why we said in our prepared remarks, we think the bulk of the subset of that quota, our JV wins will be in '24 through '27.  I also described some dynamics that create greater variability with respect to pricing pressure and increasing competition. So I think for us, that's something that we're going to watch carefully over the next year or so. 
Jamie Samath: Yes, I'm not going to be specific on the prototype expense and it's distributed across a number of programs. Prototype expenses tend to be lumpy within Q2 relative to the comparison point. It just so happened to be a quarter where that was one of the direct drivers of our expenditure. Nothing more than that, I would say.  As we've grown the proportion of the installed basis under leases, I think it's about 2,000 systems now that are under lease in the installed base. Generally, they have a technology obsolescence clause. That's kind of in part a reflection of customer feedback from when we launched Xi. So that's routinely in our operating lease arrangements and that cause generally gives customers the opportunity to change that existing lease to the lease of any new next-generation technology. And that is not a specified price, by the way, that's to be negotiated. So I wouldn't say anything more about price. 
Jamie Samath: With respect to capital allocation, I think our priorities are consistent for how they've been for some time now. Our first priority is to invest in the business, both in capital expenditures, which as you've seen by our guidance are relatively high to our history this year and in organically investing in operating expenses.  Second is to acquire technology externally that gives us a differentiated capability or accelerate us in the marketplace. That's generally license arrangements, IP acquisition or tuck-in acquisitions. And we continue to look at returning cash to shareholders opportunistically. And I think that's served us well. If you look at kind of the last 18 months, we repurchased 12.6 million shares for $3 billion at an average price of $234 and we did that opportunistically in large part because it reflects kind of the stage of the company. We're relatively early in the robotics space where we look for growth, and I think that's served us well. 
Jamie Samath: It was largely implemented in Q2, Rick. It wasn't effective at the beginning of the quarter, I'd say, roughly half of the quarter benefited from the price increase. Our estimate for the impact of the price increase is consistent with what we said last quarter, roughly about $100 million impact to revenue and profit for the year. Again, you get kind of half an impact in Q2 and the full impact in Q3 and Q4. 
Jamie Samath: Yes, I don't want to get too specific there, Rick, given just the relative size of bariatrics in the U.S. to our overall procedures. We can obviously see the progression between Q1 and Q2, I'd call it a moderate, steady progression in the model in Q3 and Q4. The overall impact on that is obviously a function of the size of the bariatrics business for us. It's not some dramatic falloff. 
Jamie Samath: I'm not going to answer that in terms of overage, but I'll say where we're seeing healthy growth. If you take our largest 7 markets, which is a focus for us, so China, Japan, South Korea, Germany, France, U.K. and Italy, what you're seeing in those markets is generally a progression beyond urology into the next set of cancer procedures. It's market by market. But generally, that's hysterectomy, thoracic and colorectal procedures. And we're seeing them on the early stages of an adoption curve, and that's why we've talked about our OUS business now is about half outside of urology or beyond urology. This quarter, it grew 35% that subset. That's consistent with what we saw in Q1. That subset also grew 35%. So I think we're excited in those larger markets where we have that focus and continue to drive the adoption curve in that next set of procedures.  If you look at market by market, you have some unique dynamics in China. You see liver and pancreas procedure doing well in Japan, treatment of stomach cancer in Korea, for example, you see thyroid. But it's really that next step procedures. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. For this year, we have specific objectives with respect to leverage in our enabling functions, which we've described previously. And that's a set of objectives that I think we intend to fulfill.  Largely, what you see in the adjustments we've made to our operating expense guidance for this year is a function of our top line performance, both in variable compensation and in the number of reps we need in the field to support a higher procedure base. For the rest of kind of operating expense set of investments, we're holding to -- we're largely holding to our plan for this year.  When you project into '24, I'm not going to kind of describe the direction of where spend will go relative to procedural revenue, we'll do that in January. But you have a couple of dynamics. We have a significant CapEx investments this year, $800 million to $1 billion, that will start to create incremental depreciation expense next year. A chunk of that will be in COGS and a chunk of that will be in operating expenses. So you have kind of an operating expense headwind coming there. And those investments being largely facilities, they are planned for the medium term, meaning they're inefficient for a period until you get to full occupancy or full utilization.  On the other side, we'll continue to look to leverage our enabling functions into '24, where that shakes out, we'll do in January because we have to complete our planning process in the back half of this year. 
Jamie Samath: The motivation by the way, for the new disclosure was simply the rate at which those adoption of those models have grown, we felt, okay it was important to be transparent as to what portion of operating leases and placements that structure was. If you kind of assess all of our usage-based arrangements in aggregate life today relative to usage patterns and economic objectives in total, on average, they're slightly above our expectations. So they performed well so far. That's obviously a blend across different customers and systems. Some are overperforming, some are underperforming. But I think part of the way that we've operated the program is to look carefully. Is it actually reducing barriers for accelerated growth of our customers? And is it producing the economic results for us and our customers and as we and customers have gained confidence, that's part of the reason why it's expanded the way it has. 
