Brian King: Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our CEO; Jamie Samath, our CFO; and Dr. Myriam Curet, our Chief Medical Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 10, 2023, and Form 10-Q filed on July 24, 2023. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Events section under our Investor Relations page. Today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results, as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Jamie will provide a review of our financial results, Myriam will present clinical highlights, and I will discuss procedure details and provide our updated financial outlook for 2023. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Brian King: Thank you, Myriam. Our overall third quarter procedure growth was 19% year-over-year compared to 20% for the third quarter of 2022 and 22% last quarter. In the U.S., third quarter 2023 procedure growth was 17% year-over-year compared to 18% for the third quarter of 2022 and 19% last quarter. Q3 growth was led by procedure strength within general surgery, with particular strength in cholecystectomy and colon resection. Outside of the U.S., third quarter procedure volume grew 24% compared with 24% for the third quarter of 2022 and 28% last quarter. OUS growth was led by procedures beyond urology, which now make up approximately 50% of total OUS procedures. General surgery growth was strong, primarily in colorectal procedures followed by growth in gynecology procedures. Growth in urology continued to be healthy, led by kidney procedures, along with continued double-digit growth in prostatectomy. In Europe, we experienced strong growth in Germany, the U.K. and Spain. In each of the regions noted, procedure growth was led by general surgery, primarily from colorectal procedures and specifically in Germany and the U.K., hysterectomy procedures also contributed to strong growth. In Asia, growth was led by Japan. More than half of the incremental procedure growth in the country was led by strong growth in general surgery procedures, consisting largely of colorectal and gastrectomy procedures. In China, procedure growth was consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Growth was driven primarily in neurology, notably by prostatectomy and kidney procedures. In India, while in the early stage of adoption, saw strong growth in general surgery procedures, namely cholecystectomy and hernia repair and growth in gynecology procedures. I will now turn to our financial outlook for 2023. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we forecasted full year 2023 procedure growth within a range of 20% to 22%. We are now raising the low end from 20% to 21% and expect full year 2023 procedure growth of 21% to 22%. The low end of the range reflects uncertainty around the duration of elevated procedure volumes with patients returning to health care, a continued slowing of bariatric growth rates in the U.S. and macroeconomic challenges that could impact hospitals and patient spending. At the high end of the range, we assume macroeconomic challenges do not have a significant impact on hospital procedure volumes, and bariatric growth rates in the U.S. continue at the rate we experienced in Q3. The range does not reflect significant material supply chain disruptions or hospital capacity constraints. Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast our 2023 full year pro forma gross profit margin to be within 68% and 69%. We are now refining our estimate of pro forma gross profit margin to be within 68% and 68.5%. Our actual gross profit margin will vary quarter-to-quarter depending largely on product, regional and trade-in mix and the impact of new product introductions. With respect to operating expenses, on our last call, we forecast pro forma operating expense growth to be between 12% and 15%. We are adjusting our estimate and now expect our full year pro forma operating expense growth to be between 12% and 14%. We are also refining our estimate for noncash stock compensation expense to range between $600 million to $610 million in 2023, lowering the range from our previous estimates of $600 million to $620 million. We are increasing our estimate for other income, which is comprised mostly of interest income, to total between $190 million and $200 million in 2023, an increase from our previous estimate of $160 million and $180 million. The increase primarily reflects the rise in interest rates. With regard to capital expenditures, we are narrowing our estimate to range between $900 million to $1 billion, primarily for planned facility construction activities. With regard to income tax, we are also refining our estimate for the 2023 pro forma tax rate to be between 22% and 23% of pretax income, reducing the previous estimate of the upper end of the range from 24% to 23%. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Brian King: Travis, this is Brian. I guess thinking of 2024, nothing really to share at this point. Clearly, I think when we get into January, we'll be able to give you a bit more insight. But I guess I'll just leave it at that for now.
Myriam Curet: Thank you. Now turning to the clinical side for our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific studies that have been published over the years. In addition to relaying the results of one of these studies, I'd like to start by describing the status of some important Intuitive research projects underway that support our company's belief in the potential value of da Vinci systems specifically our single-port system for procedures requiring refined access to tight or difficult to reach anatomical areas. In June 2021, Intuitive launched an FDA-approved clinical study focused on complex colorectal procedures, such as low anterior resection or right colectomy, performed using the SP platform. Currently, enrollment is complete with 60 patients across nine sites in the U.S. and Korea. Another FDA-approved trials for rapid procedures in pulmonary lobectomy and thymectomy performed using SP completed enrollment in June of this year with 32 subjects enrolled across six centers in the U.S. We believe that Intuitive single-port technology will enable thoracic surgeons to perform uniportal lobectomy, something that may be difficult using a VATS approach. Intuitive intent to submit data from these two studies to the FDA after the patient follow-up outlined in the study plan and the data analysis has been completed. Now I'll turn to a notable study published in the Annals of Surgery this past August. This study was not sponsored by Intuitive. Dr. Yogita Patel of McMaster University in Canada published early results from the RAVAL trial in a manuscript titled Robotic Lobectomy is cost effective and provides comparable health utility scores to video-assisted lobectomy. This study describes results from a multicenter, multinational, blinded, randomized controlled study comparing the da Vinci and VATS approach to pulmonary lobectomy. It analyzed 164 subjects, 81 in new robotic-assisted group and 82 in the VATS group. And all robotic-assisted lobectomies were performed with a da Vinci multiport platform. Notably, the health utility score was significantly higher in the da Vinci arm at seven weeks and 12 weeks post procedure, which suggests the quality of life for patients who underwent a da Vinci lobectomy was better than for patients undergoing the VATS procedure. Interestingly, and related to quality of life outcomes, the authors analyzed the incremental cost-effective ratio or ICER for the robotic group relative to VATS and reported the robotic group was associated with a gain of approximately $11,000 per quality adjusted life year. In addition, the median number of lymph nodes examined and sampled were significantly higher in the da Vinci Group. To summarize, the authors conclude that, early results from the RAVAL trials suggest that robotic pulmonary lobectomy is a cost-effective intervention, which is associated with comparable patient-reported health utility scores when compared to VATS lobectomy. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Brian who will discuss additional procedure highlights and provide our updated outlook for 2024.
Myriam Curet: I think you are correct. I think in the short term, we will see patients who are considering or are in the pipeline for bariatric surgery going to try the drug. However, given compliance issues, costs, side effects, we expect that many of them will not stay on the drug for longer than a year or 2. And at that time, we'll consider bariatric surgery. So I think overall, we'll see an increased interest in bariatric surgery, but that will get delayed in the short term.
Myriam Curet: Yes. So, we are hoping to submit everything in the foreseeable future. After that, as you know, there's at least a 90-day turnaround for the IDEs and then - excuse me, for the clearances. And then after that, we will have to put training together - and they'll see launches together. So I can't really give you a time line for when that would be, but we know what the work is that needs to be done, and we are starting and moving forward on that.
Gary Guthart: Thanks, Robbie. I'm going to ask Dr. Curet as a bariatric surgeon to go ahead and weigh in on that first part of your question, and we'll talk about the broader implications after that.
Gary Guthart: Yes. On the product side, we have real work to do on Ion. Ion is well accepted by the customer base, growing quickly. We need to iterate and drive manufacturability and manufacturing costs on Ion. So that was mainly what I was referring to. Some of the accessories in the SP line are real opportunities. We want to be assertive there. So on the product side, that's most of what the reference is.
Gary Guthart: Let me just pick up two topics you hit. On the China side, I think the procedure demand side remains robust. I think there's some government policy activity that's putting a little bit of a chill in the market. Some of that is economics, so price caps and value-based pricing and some of it is in any corruption probe that is giving hospitals some pause moving forward with other new programs. We'll see. I think the China side is likely to -- some pressure on the China side is likely to persist for several quarters. On the bariatric side, I think we'll find a new normal in the next few quarters. It's hard to predict exactly when that will happen. We'll see that play out in the marketplace.
Gary Guthart: Sure. Thank you for the question. On -- one way to think about it is that general surgery comprises both procedures that are done where cancer is the underlying cause and others that are benign indication. On the cancer as an underlying cause, we're seeing nice early growth in several OUS markets. So there, I think that's healthy, and we're enthused. I think reimbursements are generally in place in many of the places that we are operating. I think that's what good in clinical data coming out has been supportive. I think that as you think about benign indications, we're seeing some of the beginnings of benign indications in some markets, there may be reimbursement work or education of insurers that has to be done for those to progress further. So in that setting, we'll have additional work to do as it plays out.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Thank you for the reference. So Case Insights is our machine learning AI program that looks at surgical science. We have our first installs and first case is going that we had talked about it with you last quarter. So far, early feedback, and it's super early. We're really in the early innings here is very good. Case Insights builds on some prior research that we had done with academic centers on something that we have described as a computational observer. So we have some pretty good scientific underpinnings for it. We expect over time that, that program will feed insights into different parts of the hospital's analytic system from giving specific guidance to learning surgeons and care teams about where they might improve their technique and skills to giving suggestions to programmatics, about efficiency and total cost management, to giving other insights for the company about how to improve procedures in the OR. So, we think it's a long-term set of investments around really the science of surgery. We remain extremely excited about it. While we do have some revenue for it, we don't expect it to be a serious revenue driver. We think it is an ecosystem complementary. And we look forward to describing it more to you as time goes on.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Jamie, you might speak to kind of what the size or percentage of that business is for us. A little bit of the acceleration or deceleration trend.
Gary Guthart: Okay. On the first one, I think Myriam described it well. Our position on GLP-1s as it relates to bariatric surgery, I think she hit it well at the start of the call, no reason to reiterate it here. On the issue of potential impact beyond bariatrics, there may be some, although I think as you think through the analysis, I think it will be modest. And here's how we think about it. If you look at obesity and diabetes as risk factors in other domains and other diseases for which surgery is performed, they are sometimes positive correlated risk factors for that disease. In some weird cases, they are negative in cases that it's actually protective against disease. So it's not entirely obvious. In most of the diseases that we treat as we look at it, it is not the dominant risk factor. So as we look out and think about what could it be like in our TAM, we can kind of do a back of the envelope analysis. It is really early. I don't think anybody knows the exact number. What I can say is that it's not the dominant risk factor in most things that we look at. And we have a very large unpenetrated TAM. I think we're still in the early innings of what we're trying to work on. So, if these drugs are highly effective at avoiding other types of diseases, we will cheer. I still think we have a lot of upside opportunity to pursue.
Gary Guthart: Our biggest steps are get the data arranged to get it into the FDA and work with them to get clearances. And then as Myriam says, we'll go through a staged commercialization. So you can expect submissions in the first half of '24 and then response thereafter.
Gary Guthart: With regard to the capital side in China, I'll jump into that. I think demand for our systems and for the procedures they support in China, raw demand is really high. So it's really being limited or titrated by policy. I don't see - I haven't heard anything that says people want to go back and revisit or lower the quota, I think that would be resisted by customers who are looking for purchases. So, I think it's more around delay and a kind of a timing thing and how long it is hard to predict, but months, not weeks. On the pricing side, I'll speak to a general principle rather than projecting '24. What we try to do is a couple of things. One is be an outstanding manufacturer, really get high quality at low cost, and make sure that we can invest in manufacturing prowess to do that. I think that's really powerful for us, gives us enormous flexibility to meet the customers' needs, kind of where they are. With regard to pricing, we look at a couple of things, certainly price to us, cost to us, but also price elasticity, what the customer can do and achieve and that varies by market. And I think, we've become increasingly sensitive to and sophisticated at understanding pricing. So raw material pricing and core inflation to us is an input to our pricing. That's why we took price up this last year, but it's not the only thing, and you shouldn't expect us to be purely algorithmic tracking inflation on its own.
Gary Guthart: Yes, it's a good question. I think the general tools that we use to get from six to 20 are kind of three buckets. Some of them are clearances in new markets. So making sure that a market we can address has access to the technologies that we already have. So when you think about something like Ion, for example, Ion is not yet available in all the markets in which we operate as it operates that it starts to open what we can do. That's kind of one bucket. New indications are another one that some of the work that Myriam described earlier. That starts to open a new opportunity for us as we broaden the applicability of our platforms to new types of surgery and intervention. The third bucket or another bucket is reimbursement. There are places where we think additional data, is required to get insurers to engage a little bit differently and open the market. And then lastly, there are new products and technologies that we're working on that we are not yet described, that we think - allow us to provide new solutions that are competitive in the marketplace. Each of those operates on a little bit different time line. So it's not - I can't give you a simple synopsis of how fast each one runs. Some of them take a lot of years, some reimbursement things or long lead. A product development can be long lead. Other types of access can happen more quickly. But that's a set of plans that we lay out. We're pretty disciplined about laying out, what we want to do over time over a multiyear time horizon. And that's how, we start to open that market. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the Quadruple Aim. There are more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision the future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most.
Jamie Samath: Yes. For Q4, you're not really seeing significant depreciation and expense reflected in the range that we provided. That's really more next year as some of the manufacturing capacity in facilities come online. What you're seeing in Q4 really is a little bit of FX given how the rates have moved, a little bit of slower progress in some of the line transfers and product cost reduction plans that we have, that's not a large delay. It's just slightly slower than we had planned. And then there's some mix dynamics reflected in Q4. They now to be relatively small, but those are the dynamics as to why gross margin range for the year is at the midpoint, slightly lower than what we had previously. With respect to how '24 is shaping up, what I would just say is, as Gary said in his prepared remarks, we'll see some variability in gross margin over the next several quarters is the depreciation expense and the ongoing efforts to improve our product costs, particularly on the Ion side. And frankly, there are some accumulated inefficiencies just in our global manufacturing operations. They built up over COVID and because of the supply chain issues that we encountered that we're addressing. And a number of those will take time for us to resolve. So I'd say let us give you '24 guidance for gross margin when we get to January because I think we still have to work through those plans.
Jamie Samath: Just one other element. We are in-sourcing a high-volume accessory on the multiport side as part of in-sourcing that there's some differential automation in the line there. And so ramping that, there's some work to get that to be at our targets.
Jamie Samath: Yes. There's two ways to look at it, Larry, what is the absolute utilization rate compared to a regular leasing compared to a purchase arrangement. They are very similar. Actually, the tightness on the mean between those three structures is very tight. Within those arrangements, you generally have a target procedure level that reflects success of the program for the customer and the economic objectives that we have. And if you accumulate again, the portfolio they run at slightly above the targeted procedure levels that we have embedded in the contracts. So they have run very well so far, and it's one of the reasons why we and the customer have expanded those so quickly in recent times.
Jamie Samath: On a global basis, we expect the proportion of placements that are leased to continue to find. U.S. is pretty high, as you pointed out, Larry, 70% this quarter, 78% last quarter. There will be some larger IDNs that just routinely prefer to purchase just because of how that affects the metrics that are important to them. But even in the U.S., I think there's some room for that to continue to creep up a little bit, obviously, running out of room. We found a number of U.S. customers have really appreciate that as a way to manage through what are totally managed capital budgets.
Jamie Samath: Well, if you take our procedure growth in bariatrics relative to market, we're taking share and have been for some time. So the fact that we had double-digit growth in Q3 relative to another company that had a decline, that's just a reflection in part of the fact that we are taking share in bariatrics and continue to do so, even though there's an impact to overall bariatric surgery, because of GLP-1s.
Jamie Samath: So everything you described is correct. Generally, although there can be exceptions for mix effect, generally U.S. system ASPs when purchased are accretive to the global average. So in effect, as leasing has grown significantly in the U.S., that in and of itself has an adverse effect for calculated system ASP. The other thing that you see then with now a greater proportion of systems used to calculate that system ASP being international FX can have an effect. If you look on a two-year horizon. So for example, the exchange rate in Japan based on how the U.S. dollar has strengthened, there's a 30% to 40% impact over a two-year basis on system ASP in Japan as translated. So, there is a geographical effect. And if you look at a long enough horizon, there's an FX effect in what we described in Q3 was in terms of the year-over-year decline in ASP, also a dynamic relative to pricing. And that's really just as we expand our existing customers who are looking for a third, fourth, fifth system, those tend to be slightly lower ASPs than you've seen previously when they were greenfield accounts, I would say that in China, we do see some competitive dynamics with respect to pricing just given the number of lower local players. And so, there's been some competitive effect on system ASPs in China specifically. We don't really see that in other markets to this point.
Jamie Samath: We have very well detailed plans for each of the areas that we're focused on. The teams have the capability and skill. It's going to take some time. I think the best way I would answer the question is we see a path of overtime probably in the midterm to get back above 70% gross margin.
