Aleks Cukic: Well, I'll answer that the best I can, as I understand it. First off, I don't know that we had necessarily indicated that the new products, i.e. Single-Site and/or the vessel sealer, are the reason for the additional procedure growth, although they did add and contribute to it. The categories of general surgery, which include colorectal surgery, the categories of thoracic surgery, lobectomy, et cetera, in addition to the strong GYN growth and international dVP growth, were really the reasons that drove the added procedure for the quarter. As far as differentiating between new procedures and/or new products, I don't know that we can do that calculation for you. I think, in general, there's good procedure strength that's happening across the core business, specifically dVP outside the United States. dVP in the United States was actually down a little bit, but it was more than made up for in the addition of the other procedures that we talked about.
Aleks Cukic: Well, I think, in general, we've been talking about dVP being flattish for some time in the United States, for probably the last 3 or 4 quarters. And it's our expectation that, as -- I think you have to almost back away and not look at it as dVP and look at it in general as prostate cancer and the treatment of the disease of prostate cancer and what may happen on a macro level with -- if more people end up going into an active surveillance. And history will tell you that, at some point, something as high as 60% of those men, and it could be as high as 2/3, often wind up in some other therapy, either radiation or surgery, so some of this may be a lead lag effect. We don't really know how to handicap that. I think there's a lot of information that's out there and I think we will probably move up and down with surgery in general. And outside of the United States, again, just to underscore, you're seeing that the overall dVP number is growing, and that is really driven by both European strength as well as Asian and Latin American and other markets.
Aleks Cukic: Again, if you look at the market before we entered into it, I think there were a fair amount of physicians and hospitals that were interested in single-incision surgery, as evidenced by the number of surgeons that were trained and some of the early successes that some of the other companies may have had in that area. So the demand is there in terms -- let's say that the interest level is there. And in terms of the sales process, I think we're seeing a few things converge at the same time: You're seeing general surgeons who have garden-variety procedures like cholecystectomy. At the same time, you're seeing colorectal surgeons who don't necessarily get involved in those type of surgeries, and you're seeing other areas. And we don't talk about them because they're not large markets, but we look at procedures like adrenalectomies and some of the upper-G.I. gastric surgeries, et cetera. They are all on the small end but nice trajectory. So there seems to be a lot of global awareness from the general surgeon that is making it, let's say, easier for our people to get in front of and then consolidate the messaging of robotics programs to include general surgery. So there isn't really any sort of paint-by-numbers here that we can say is consistent other than there's a lot of global awareness in this category they know.
Aleks Cukic: First, with respect to the number of centers, we really aren't in a position to disclose what those numbers are and we'll probably pass on trying to answer that question. But I would say that, during the course of the quarter, we've seen a lot of interest both in centers that have purchased and have begun doing cases as well as the centers who are in the process of being trained. So comparing and contrasting Single-Site versus the vessel sealer, Single-Site, from a market development standpoint, is much further along than vessel sealing which was a product that we started to phase into -- rollout in the later half of the first quarter. So you should think of those 2 differently: Think of Single-Site being further along and think of Single-Site as a product now that customers can get their hands on.
Aleks Cukic: Yes, if you look at it from a couple perspectives: One is that dVH is done for a multitude of reasons. It could be endometrial or cervical cancer, ovarian cancer. You move into the benign side and you've got fibroids, multiple fibroids, large fibroids, endometriosis, combination of all the above and normal uterine bleeding, et cetera. So when you try to draw a connection between the way women's health care is performed in the United States or delivered in the United States, it -- and try to compare it to other markets, it's a little bit different, whereas prostatectomy is done for the same reason. They're all done for cancer. Cancer tends to have consistency in a lot of countries: U.S. and OUS. So what our thoughts are at this stage is that, not unlike the United States, we would expect the dVH for malignant conditions to probably be the beachhead, if you will, into most of these countries. And what happens after that, we will have to wait and see. But thus far, the strength that we've seen is consistent with that explanation. So overall, I think you can just take away that women's health care in general, especially for benign conditions, is different in a lot of countries than it is in the United States.
Tycho W. Peterson: Maybe I'll comment on that last point. You talk about active surveillance and the dynamic there in the U.S. Can you just talk about -- I mean, are you expecting dVP to remain flat here? And just talk about watchful waiting and how you think about that impacting this.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then can you quantify what the revenues were from Single-Site stocking orders? We've had a few people ask on that.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then last one, on service margins. I think they were at a record this quarter. Just talk about the sustainability of the service margins there and then what's kind of driving the strength.
Marshall L. Mohr: We're not going to quantify it. I'd just tell you that, like we said in the script, that the attach rate for Single-Site was reasonable in the quarter. So we're still in the early phases. It's not -- I think, if we gave out numbers now, it really wouldn't be an indication of much.
Marshall L. Mohr: Really, improvements in product quality, reducing the amount of time that our field engineers have to spend servicing the equipment and leveraging than more systems over an existing field service engineer force. It'll fluctuate a little bit here and there, but I think that you've seen the margins over the last few quarters at a certain level and they should continue at that level.
Marshall L. Mohr: A couple of questions in there. I -- we think it will remain pressured for some time to come, so we're not forecasting that the pressure comes off capital budgets. The -- as you said, the procedure side has been reasonably healthy to date. How capital -- or how expenditures reflect back into procedures is really hard for us to handicap. I think we're just going to have to wait and see where that goes.
Marshall L. Mohr: We're not going to put a time frame on it. I'll just say that, like I said in the script, over time, we will -- we are working towards revising our production processes as well as the product itself in driving the cost down.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes, Single-Site product. We're -- they're buying it as a kit and they may not have done any surgeries yet, right? And so that's really what is helping increase the revenue per procedure, that, as well as Firefly, as well as thoracic kits. So they're buying instruments and accessories in advance of doing the procedures. Now over time, they'll be doing the procedures and then that will balance out. Long term, I think your question is, is the price that they are paying for single-incision products less than what we're charging for our normal -- our multiple-incision products? And the answer is yes.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes, the answer is, mostly yes. Although, we're beginning -- there's -- you can see high growth off small bases in a couple of other procedures. So off a substantial base, the dVP is the highest grower. We're beginning to see hysterectomy for cancer condition starting to come up. And there's some interest in general surgery in Italy and that's starting to come up on a lower basis.
Gary S. Guthart: You know, I think, on the first part of where the benefits sit, the early anecdotes we're hearing are a combination of benefits on pain and benefits on cosmesis. How these play out over time and what segment of the broader population is interested on those things, just hard to forecast right now, so we'll see.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, what most -- mostly, what we're hearing is a little bit of both. We hear both the surgeon commentary on it as well as some patient commentary on it, but it's early days. And I think there'll be conflicting opinions for a while until there's a large-enough procedure base and evidence base for to sort out. I'll let Aleks speak to this, on the process.
Gary S. Guthart: Over time. It's hard to exactly predict because the mix of new products and the mix of procedures is hard to forecast precisely. And so some of them carry it up and some of them push it down and so you have those 2 trends working in opposition.
Gary S. Guthart: You're seeing really 2 different -- general surgery for us is a tale of 2 different activities. We have strength in colorectal, which is typically cancer procedures that would otherwise have been done open, and so that tends to be one-site. There's a larger volume there. And then we have Single-Site, which is right now approved for cholecystectomy. So you're seeing those 2 things kind of as a barbell. As a total number of procedures, I think you're getting more from colorectal in terms of growth than you have in chole so far.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. So the first question was how many went into Japan this quarter. It was 7. With regard to what happens next in terms of reimbursements, first, we're happy to have the first one under our belt. Going forward, the process changes a little bit and surgical societies are then the groups that lead the pursuit of a reimbursement beyond the first one. And so we'll be in support of the societies as they look to see where they want to go. It's a little bit early to figure out which one will be the next one in the queue, but those societies are interested and they're starting to talk to us about it. And as we know more, then we'll report more in future quarters.
Gary S. Guthart: That's -- it's hard to quantify the differences. You did hear us right. I think there are some things we can do to strengthen our capabilities in Europe. And they tend to be around things like economic support, health technology assessments, marketing, those kinds of market access and structural issues, more than they are a sales process type. So we're working on those things, I think we're making some investments in them. How to distinguish how much is one and how much is the other, very tough to do. We don't know exactly how to do that.
Gary S. Guthart: It's clear there are economic pressures in Europe having nothing to do with us, and so I think -- and those things are going to exist. How quickly we can add some capabilities and make some changes, that's going to be hard for us to forecast. They're directionally correct and we'll make those investments and progress.
Gary S. Guthart: There is nothing material in terms of a commercial aspect of revenue or cost. What it does allow us to do is move on our timelines and a little more quickly with regard to approvals of future products and the ability to be more responsive in the marketplace. And so that's really the excitement of it for us.
Gary S. Guthart: Thank you. That was the last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flows during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following experience from Kimberly in Florida gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. "I was diagnosed with vaginal prolapse in November of 2011. I had a hysterectomy 2 years prior, in November of 2009. This is an unfortunate condition caused by several factors such as heredity; number of children, I have 4; and a previous hysterectomy. My gynecologist referred me to Dr. Coyle for the da Vinci procedure due to its minimally invasive nature and, most of all, its high success rate. I researched the procedure, met with Dr. Coyle, discussed it with my family, prayed and decided to schedule the surgery. After years of back pain and discomfort, I was looking forward to some relief. Never did I expect to feel as good as I do today, just 4 weeks post surgery. The first couple of days after the surgery were the hardest, and that was it. After the most -- after that, the most difficult thing was adhering to the post-surgery instructions of what I couldn't do because I felt so good. I never realized how much the nagging pain I'd lived with prior to the procedure was affecting my life. Now I feel so renewed, refreshed and, easily, 10 years younger. I would like to say thank you to Dr. Coyle and his team for their continued pursuit of technological advances in the medical field, their commitment to medical excellence and true compassion for their patient's well-being. I would also like to thank those who created the da Vinci robot for their commitment to these types of advancements in medical technology that make such a positive difference in people's lives. If you're considering this procedure, do yourself a favor and say yes. The outcome is truly worth passing on to others." Patients like Kimberly are the strongest advocates for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.
