Gary Guthart: No. I think we have -- thanks, Larry. I think we have a broad opportunity as a company here to take the methods that we have designed around identifying clinical need, doing the design and development of tech-enabled ecosystems to address that need and then working with customers to deliver it and train it. And there's, I think, long term, a lot of opportunity. As we look out there is substantial opportunity in existing markets and in new ones to do better for the quad aim. Doing this set, getting that set of ecosystem investments ready is heavy work. It's a multiyear effort. But we think we've shown that it can be done. And I think that's really what we're talking about here is the ability to start to impact other opportunities in international markets as we go forward. And Ion is such an example.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Kind of -- I'll take the top and then I'll let Jamie take some more. At the very top part, it's kind of 3 big buckets. One of them is specific products themselves, semiconductors come to mind. The second bucket is some raw material constraints and the kinds of things we build. And the third is just logistics and motion of materials. Jamie, I'll let you fill in that perspective.
Gary Guthart: We've done some other things, too. We have, as you know, dual console that helps with training of new surgeons and teaching environments. We extended the dual console capability into the SP space. Recently, we've launched and then upgraded some of the accessories that go with SP. So part of the process, for those of you who've been with us for a while, is continuous innovation that these things don't end where they start, and that's been true for SP.
Gary Guthart: We also gave you a mix in the script of kind of where they're headed, how much is R&D, how much is operations, commercial, and that's not a bad guide either as to kind of where the mix is going.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the issue of kind of recurring revenue or service models versus kind of capital single charge, we have taken a posture of being really flexible with what our customer wants. There are some really nice things about as the transition -- as the company has transitioned to a recurring model that customers can come to choose when they're ready to engage us and it doesn't require large upfront capital expenditures. For some things that are inherently services and if you think about simulation, it's not really about the hardware in the case of simulation. It's really about access to modules and modules that improve over time and modules that get built to be specific to competency-based training. Subscriptions make a lot of sense because you're not really trying to sell a piece of hardware, you're really helping them develop a training program over time. So we think increasingly, as our business in software and analytics and some of the digital tools that we're bringing come up, then subscriptions may make sense. And to the extent that they align with customers, we're happy to do it. I also like the idea of recurring revenue in that it focuses the organization on earning the customer's business every day that it's a lot less lumpy for them and it's a lot less lumpy for us. And if we're bringing value and helping them achieve their quadruple aim goals, then they're happy to stay with us in those events. So I would expect that the recurring revenue portion of our business keeps creeping up as a percentage of total revenue over time. So long as customers are aligned to that, that, that makes sense from their finances point of view, then that's what we'll pursue. And to the extent that they're interested in other models, then we are open-minded.
Gary Guthart: Yes. On the -- with regard to kind of forecasting future launches, of course, we won't give you any detail here. We'll launch them when we're ready to launch. In terms of the framing of your question, we are routinely developing applications for the platforms we have, whether it's bariatric, thoracic surgery in our multiport indications to new indications in SP and we're doing some trials in thoracic surgery and colorectal to new opportunities and flexible robotics and Ion.  And other platform investments that are currently not disclosed, the things that we're working on. So we're going to continue to do that. And some of them will come to fruition and be fantastic. And some of them may be things that we assess and then pivot as we learn more. So there's all of those things going on. And somebody was out scanning what we're hiring and scanning the kinds of patent applications we have, you'll see a great diversity of things we're interested. And it's a little bit like the first question on the call, when we say what are we talking about in terms of possibility. We really scour the acute intervention opportunity from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head and everything in between and start asking questions about whether we think there's a real opportunity for improvements in the quad aim and whether we could design a tech-enabled ecosystem to do something about it. And that's what informs a lot of that hiring. Some of it is near term and existing platforms. And some of it is future-oriented on platforms that may come to pass. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Gary Guthart: All right. Well, thank you all. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients; better experiences for their care teams; and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.
Jamie Samath: Larry, so I think we said in our prepared remarks, we saw the supply chain environment actually get worse in Q4, and we highlighted that we actually had some, as I call it, minor constraints in our ability to fulfill customer demand. You have a set of metrics there in the supply chain. One example we've given is on-time delivery from our suppliers was worse in Q4 as compared to Q3. As you look forward, I'd say that at this point, visibility is still not great, kind of the best that we have is the Q1 will be similar to Q4, but I think we have to see -- wait and see what the impact of Omicron might be on our suppliers and just broadly. So I think we're continuing to navigate through it. As I said, our supply chain teams are really still in hand-to-hand combat every day working with our partners.
Jamie Samath: I would just maybe give you some numbers. In 2021, globally, we did about 510 trade-ins. About 80%-ish of those were in the U.S. U.S. has been driving those trade-ins. And so then if you compare that to the remaining installed base of 343, it's why we provided the commentary that we expect overall trading volume in '22 to be significantly lower than '21 just because the remaining store base is being depleted.
Jamie Samath: Yes. So we've received, obviously, customer feedback along the way since we launched SP and some of our customers have asked for greater ability to do extraction. That's really around the range of motion within the anatomy of our instruments that do extraction and grip strength. As you grasp tissue, we've had customer feedback that we could improve the grip strength. And so along with the extension of lives, we responded to customer feedback and improve the instruments accordingly, as described.
Jamie Samath: I think if you look at the OpEx increase range that Brian provided, I think you can kind of draw a correlation between how headcount has kind of correlated to spending increase and I think that's a relevant starting point for '22.
Jamie Samath: Rick, I would split the question kind of into 2 categories. There's gross margin and then there's, let's call it, the equivalent of operating margin. On a gross margin basis, kind of the actions that we have to take to get both Ion and SP to kind of, let's call it, target gross margins are well understood and it's really about execution over a period of time, a component of that will obviously be building scale. But I think those actions are well defined. They're a multiple-year effort.  On the operating margin side, it's really, what's revenue in relation to the amounts that we're investing. And that's obviously going to be a function of, in the case of Ion, how we adopt in lung cancer biopsy over time. And with SP, it's the additional indications and new geographies in terms of clearances. I don't have a scale for when we might reach those corporate average margins. I would say, though, for '22, given that SP and Ion are newer products, the gross margins there are dilutive as you'd expect.
Jamie Samath: I would just say both regions are attractive to us. It's fair to say that at least in the last couple of years, Asia procedure growth has been a little ahead of Europe. But on a strategic view, both of those regions are attractive, and we're investing accordingly. 
Jamie Samath: Certainly, you can see the competition is active at accounts. I think we've characterized that mostly as kind of reciprocal arrangements with respect to training center investments or reciprocal research investments. I don't think we call out any specific significant impact yet on selling cycles. But certainly, you can see the potential for over time.
