Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's fourth quarter conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights. Then I will provide our financial forecast for 2012. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing you with our financial forecast for 2012, including procedures, revenues and other elements of the income statement on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates of significant noncash expenses to provide you with visibility into our expected future cash flows.  Starting with procedures. We continue to see strong growth in U.S. da Vinci gynecologic procedures and dVPs in Europe and general growth across a broadening range of procedures at early stages of adoption -- earlier stages of market adoption. We expect our 2012 total procedures to grow approximately 24% to 26% from the base of approximately 360,000 procedures performed in 2011. Based on an increasing percentage of benign hysterectomies and other short-term elective procedures in our procedure mix, we anticipate a more pronounced quarterly seasonality impact in 2012 as compared to 2011.  Moving on to revenues. We expect to achieve annual revenue growth of between 17% and 19%. We expect typical capital sales seasonality in 2012 with the proportion of full year system units sold in each quarter to follow a pattern consistent with 2011. We would expect fewer systems to be sold in the upcoming seasonally slower first quarter than in the recently completed seasonally stronger fourth quarter. All 2012 revenues, particularly capital sales in Europe, are subject to the impacts of uncertain economic conditions.  Now turning to operating income. Our 2011 operating income was 39.5% of revenue and it was 39.3% of revenue in 2010. For 2012, we would expect our operating income profile to remain fairly consistent with the past 2 years falling within a range of between 39% and 40% of revenue for the year. Consistent with prior years, we would expect our operating income as a percentage of revenue to be lower in the first quarter of 2012, reflecting system sales and procedure seasonality in combination with the more linear operating expense growth pattern. We expect our noncash stock compensation charges to increase from $136 million recorded in 2011 to approximately $144 million to $150 million in 2012. Amortization of purchased intellectual property, which is mostly recorded as R&D expense, is expected to increase from $18 million in 2011 to a range between $20 million and $24 million in 2012. Other income, which is mainly comprised of interest income was approximately $15 million in 2011. We expect other income to be approximately flat within a range of between $13 million and $15 million in 2012. With regard to income tax, in 2011, we recorded an income tax rate at approximately 30% of pretax income. Going forward, we would expect the 2012 income tax rate to remain around that rate, between a range of 29% and 31% of pretax income. We estimate that our share count for calculating EPS in Q1 2012 will be approximately 40.5 million shares.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: So just in terms of the numbers, I'll fill those in and let Gary comment further. So we ended the quarter with roughly 565 clinical salespeople and 85 capital sales in the field. So what that results in was about 20 clinical adds and 5 capital for the year -- or for the quarter, sorry, which would bring our full year clinical adds to 90 and 15 on the capital side. So that's really more of a return to a pattern of hiring consistent with the system installations or the adds to the installed base that we've seen historically. You may recall in 2011 -- or 2010, we invested heavily in the field organization. In that year, we had 150 when we took it from 315 to 465. So here, we're back to a more status quo level.
Calvin Darling: Yes. Jon, it's Calvin here. Yes, you correctly pointed it out. I think, as Marshall stated in our prepared comments, over a long period of time, we'd expect that the revenue per procedure would gradually trend down as the stocking order impact becomes lesser impactful on a larger installed base. But in recent quarters, as you correctly point out, some of our new product offerings, like Firefly and our 8.5-millimeter scope and our thoracic toolkit, the initial stocking of those new products has also served to kind of offset that national decline and we've kind of held it around the mid-1,900s. So now looking forward into 2012, which is your question, I guess there's forces moving it in either direction, including the timing of the stocking orders, international rate fluctuations, exchange rates, I mean, and new products, and particularly how successful we are with some of the new products that we have talked earlier, which we're just not really in a position to handicap that perfectly how much impact it will have. So really, it could go either way at this point.
Calvin Darling: Yes. So the guidance on this, we kind of truncated the gross margin and the operating expenses to come to an overall operating profit. That again, we guided to something relatively flat on a profile basis between 39% and 40% there. Splitting it out, roughly flat is probably reasonable. If it goes one way or another, we'd probably see maybe a little more downward pressure on the gross margins as we're introducing some of the new products and maybe a slight bit of leverage on the operating expenses. But again, focusing on the operating income, we're signaling pretty flat.
Calvin Darling: Yes. So on the standard side, we've got roughly 225 still remaining out in the field, of which about 100 are in the U.S. then on...
Gary S. Guthart: A few questions embedded in there, but I'll start with Korea. Our view of Korea is that -- has a lot to do with being close to our Korean customer to help develop the next generation of procedures of general surgical procedures. We don't see it so much as being a big swing financially one way or the other but really an opportunity to be with some leading groups and be close to them, and it's something that we have contemplated for a little while and are excited to get started with. On the Japan side, most of our investment this past year have really been in regulatory and kind of back office support work getting ready to take on reimbursement and some of the other things we want to do with regard to building out that market. And we expect more of the same this year. I don't think I would forecast high or low end of the range based on that set of activities that we're going to do. I think Calvin's range that he described accurately represents where we're going to wind up.
Gary S. Guthart: Just to add a little, there's a couple of things in here that are a little bit of timing where we tend to want to bring in sales reps on the early side for the year and get them into training, and you do see the addition of the Korean team into the groups.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. So what we saw in the -- in the European market, what we saw was that hospitals are cautious about what they're spending. And we understand that they're given fixed budgets and that they may have run through those fixed budgets and, therefore, didn't serve all of the patients that maybe they otherwise would have. We'll see in Q1. We don't know. The market is not predictable at this point and we'll see how it pans out.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. On the stapler, we're feeling good about the product. On the other hand, trying to handicap exactly when we'll get through the clearance process we're not ready to do.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, it's been lumpy and you saw some lumpiness in the fourth quarter. A little bit of what drove that lumpiness coming in, a little bit of acceleration in the fourth quarter were really 2 things. Some of it was just prototype timing. Those things aren't always smooth quarter-to-quarter. And a little bit of it was some of the things that we were asked to do for FDA clearances, and that brought it up a little bit. So I think it will be -- in profile it will hold about the same profile. It may be lumpy, though. It may not come in smoothly all the way through the year.
Gary S. Guthart: So the major drivers of a procedure -- procedure growth next year, we still expect to be in the gynecologic area in U.S. and dVP in Europe. We haven't profiled how much we think each one of those is going to grow next year, but those assumptions of those 2 areas driving the growth are embedded in our total projection.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, we felt pretty good about our procedure performance through the year in the U.S. We saw some pressure in Europe right at the very end of the fourth quarter and a little bit out of Asia. Different things going on there. In Europe, it looks to be more anecdotes come back, pointing more to economic pressure. In Asia, it's really getting some of the structural issues resolved in Japan and in Korea.
Gary S. Guthart: Thought it increased through quarter is the right way to view it. I think though, it's not a deep, deep analysis. But anecdotally, you saw some increased pressure as the quarter wore on.
Gary S. Guthart: We have a small team who will help focus on Single-Site as it comes out and as it goes in the early phases, they'll be focused on that effort. As it gets a little bit broader, then it will work down into the rest of the organization.
Gary S. Guthart: And that was a few years ago. Basically, we monitor the performance of all the distributors and make decisions as we go and so...
Gary S. Guthart: I haven't seen the specific publication that you're talking about, so I really can't comment it on the call.
Gary S. Guthart: On the patent side, it's a sliding window. So as things mature, some things will fall off and other things get added. It's not huge numbers that falloff at any one time. And so as you go through kind of a detailed analysis, some will start coming off in future years as you'd expect. And we feel like the kinds of things that we're innovating on, and are obtaining patent coverage for either through organic work or through end licensing, will be important for our products and important to our customers.
Gary S. Guthart: That was our last question. As we've discussed with you over the years, while we spend our time on these calls reviewing our financial performance, our team remains sharply focused on the creation of patient value, improving the efficacy of surgery while reducing its invasiveness. I'd like to share with you a brief example of what this means in the lives of our patients. I'd like to share with you Cleave's story. "I'm 51 years old. I was hurting in my lower stomach for a few months. I started passing a little blood, so my family said it was time to go to the doctor. So I went to see my regular doctor. And he said, "You're 50, it's time to get a colonoscopy." So December 19, I had my colonoscopy. He told me there was a mass, and I wasn't sure you know that lingo, and he said it will be cancer. So the ball started rolling. Immediately, they referred me to an oncologist. We went in and we met with him, and he said he would be cutting me from the breastbone down and then over and then open me up. There would be 2 surgeons, 4 hands inside working. He said I would lose several pints of blood and that they may dislocate my pelvic bones. And when he started talking like this, I'm like, this doesn't sound right, this is too much. I've got too many years left, I don't like the odds. Meanwhile, my daughter was doing research. We were like, well, we see this da Vinci thing. We looked at the videos on the Internet, and we were like let's go talk to this guy. So we went to Dr. Hoss' [ph] office and he said, "Yes, we can do this." I said, "About how much blood are we talking about losing here?" He said, "Blood's not an issue." He said, "You're a young guy. I'm going to do everything I can." So I came out of it. He took 12 to 13 inches of bowel out and put everything back together. My healing, as far as the procedure itself, my incisions and stuff, they healed up well. I've seen some people who've been cut, they get infections. And this was a scary thing for me, too, because I have a lot of years left. I've got a lot of stuff to do. And I think I've made a good decision." Patients like these are the strongest advocates for da Vinci Surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving a vital few things that truly make a difference.  This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.
Aleks Cukic: Dan, it's Aleks. And I'll take a cut at it and Gary can fill in anything that I leave blank. I think as a general matter, when we think of procedure launches or product launches that are really tied to a specific procedure, we have a set of activities that is requisite, really irrespective of the specialty. And that is getting the procedure up and running with key opinion leaders, making sure that you understand the nuances of the procedure, understanding what the training pathway is going to look like, setting up your proctors, embedding it into basic sales training for your large downstream organization, making sure you've got instrument optimization and so on and so forth. Unlike a, let's say, a pharmaceutical clearance where doctors basically fill out prescription pads and you can be off and running pretty quick, it requires a lot of work. So when we think about it in terms of is it going to be a material number in 2011 or is it 2012, we're really not that focused on it. The market is going to be there if we approach it well. And so we're more interested in really doing it well in the front end and give us a couple of quarters to sort of sort through that, and we'll probably have a better answer for you in the near future.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. I think also, just to add, Tycho, is that when you look at the 23 systems that were sold in Europe and you're looking at the connection between procedures and system sales, really the strength of urology and namely dVP is really moving rapidly in certain markets. And you've heard us call out Germany quarter after quarter where they've had a pretty strong performance in Germany. And you're hearing a couple of new markets like Russia, and France has been pretty strong for the past few quarters. So we're pleased with the adoption of that, but it just becomes very difficult to predict which country is going to be able to close, which system and in which 90-day period.
Aleks Cukic: As far as vessel sealer, the way we think about that, if you look at the standard toolkit for a surgeon, be it general surgery, GYN oncology, thoracic surgery and more specifically, colorectal within general, a vessel sealer capable of taking larger vessels is usually in the armamentarium. Now with da Vinci today, we have the ability -- our customers have the ability to tie off large vessels, they can clip them. We have monopolar and bipolar, which usually goes into smaller vessels. We have the Endo PK device. So we have a number of tools but what has been missing is an integrated vessel sealer. So when we again think about it and where it's going to go, we know it's used in conjunction with da Vinci procedures across the board. When I say across the board, including general surgery and GYN, oncology and other areas. So we think that the choreography of giving them the ability to fire it from the system without having to get up or having the system fire it is going to add value. Where and how and how many, again, give us a few quarters to sort that out. It is a disposal product. We plan to roll it out this quarter. We've got our clearances. We will be cautious and make sure we set up the right sites and the work through it diligently as we do it with any other large product launch.
Aleks Cukic: And also, strength in the emerging procedures that we've talked about in the general surgery or thoracic surgery and some of the other areas. So we're pretty careful about the makeup of the projected growth and we've thought through it pretty clearly.
Aleks Cukic: Yes, so if you look at general surgery, there's obviously a number of ways to cut it. But I think for sake of the question, think of it in terms of G.I., gastrointestinal, made up mostly of the colon. So you've got right colon, transverse colon, you have descending, left colon, sigmoid, low anterior resections, et cetera. We have a nice emerging business there with good solid growth rates. It's off a small base, but we're hearing from customers that there is a lot of value to this procedure, a procedure that they have been doing in small numbers laparoscopically over the past 15 to 20 years. We think we can add some value there. A device, such as the vessel sealer, will be helpful to that cohort of physicians and customers. So we -- you can envision us spending more time there, more sales interactions, et cetera, whereas Single-Site is specific to lap chole. And so as we look at 2011 and compare it to, let's say, projected 2012 activity, you now have a number of exciting areas with higher value offerings to your customer. And so we're going to refrain from trying to give guidance in terms of what we think our penetration will be or by when because we're really focused on doing the right things at the front end to seed this market. The market isn't going anywhere. We will do it right. And so as we get a few more quarters into it, perhaps at that point, we can elaborate more deeply.
Aleks Cukic: I think, structurally, when I say structurally, we'll go through the same process of picking the right centers. But I don't think you should think of it being materially larger or materially smaller than the initial launch that we had outside the United States. So it is something that will be carefully scripted in making sure we have the right centers. And obviously, our sales and marketing people have a list of people that they are working with now, and we'll keep it in that domain and eventually add more centers. And as we have more learning, roll it out fully at some point.
Aleks Cukic: First of all, Rick, as far as the -- kind of scoping it for you, Korea, I believe, through the end of the year has 36 da Vinci placements. And if you look at the things that are being done within the busy Korean centers, you'll see things like a lot of thyroid work, colorectal work, certainly urologic work. And some pretty advanced efforts into things like gastric and other G.I. cancers. Now as far as the overall procedures, we haven't broken out any individual country by procedure numbers. But you could -- you can envision it, I think, fairly accurately by thinking of a 36-system market that has a lot of activity going on. As far as other distributors, to my knowledge, and perhaps Marshall or Calvin can correct me if I'm wrong, the only other one that I'm aware of that we took from distributor to direct in recent memory has been the U.K. And so we've done it before. And Gary gave the reasons why Korea is an interesting market for us.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. Spencer, I believe it's -- and Calvin can correct me. I think it's 306 at the end of this quarter. And now we have a hospital. I think the Mayo Clinic in Rochester is now up to 7 systems. So that would be the highest in any one hospital. And again, then there's a smattering of few hospitals with 6 and 5 and 4 all the way down to those.
Aleks Cukic: I think the answer is both or all of what you described. You can imagine if you do not own a single da Vinci system today that there is going to be support from a urologic group that has by -- by any count had some loss of patient volume. And GYN is growing at a pretty rapid rate. You are now starting to see other specialties or I should say you've been seeing other specialties, perhaps thoracic or general surgery to colorectal. Now with Single-Site, it will be interesting to see how some of those physicians weigh into the decision. But it is -- should be and has been considered a multi-specialty initiative, and that's the way our salespeople approach it.
