Calvin Darling: Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com, on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights. Then I'll provide you with an update to our financial forecast for 2011. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing an update to our financial forecast for 2011, including procedures, revenue and other elements of the income statement on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates of significant noncash expenses to provide you with visibility of our expected future cash flows.  Starting with procedures. Based upon our year-to-date procedure results, we are increasing our forecast for 2011. Our prior estimate for total 2011 procedures was to grow approximately 25% to 28% for the year. We now project procedures to grow approximately 27% to 29% from an estimated 278,000 procedures performed in 2010.  During the second half of this year, we would expect a similar seasonal pattern as we experienced last year in 2010, with Q3 being seasonally weaker and Q4 seasonally stronger.  Moving onto revenues. We are also raising our 2011 total revenue forecast. Previously, we had estimated 2011 revenue to grow 16% to 20% above 2010. We are now forecasting total 2011 revenue to increase 19% to 21% for the year. Again, the timing for the remaining quarters should follow last year's seasonal pattern favoring Q4. Remember that in Q3 of 2010, our sequential Instrument and Accessory revenue was roughly flat compared to Q2. And Q3 total revenue was lower than Q2. Our current forecast for gross margin percentage remains consistent with our last quarter's forecast. We continue to see 2011 gross margins coming in at around 72%.  Moving to operating expense. We continue to invest across multiple areas of our business, particularly our sales force, manufacturing and R&D. Driven by our higher 2011 revenue forecast, we now anticipate operating expenses to grow at the higher end of the 16% to 20% range forecast on our last call. More precisely, we expect operating expenses to grow between 18% and 20%, above the 2010 level. In terms of noncash expenses, we now expect 2011 noncash stock compensation to total between $135 million and $140 million, $5 million less than forecast on our previous calls, up from $118 million reported in 2010. We continue to expect total 2011 amortization of purchases of intellectual property to total between $17 million and $20 million. Other income, which is mainly comprised of interest income is expected to come in at between $17 million and $18 million, consistent with our previous estimate. With regard to income tax, we now expect our 2011 income tax rate to fall within the range between 32% and 33% of pretax income, compared to our previous forecast of approximately 33%. We estimate that our diluted share count for calculating Q3 2011 earnings per share will be approximately 40.2 million shares. We aim to keep this share count reasonably close to this level as we expect to offset the impact of option dilution via stock repurchases.  Finally, regarding cash flows. Since we're forecasting to report over $150 million in noncash stock compensation and amortization expenses for the year, our full year cash flows will continue to be significantly higher than our reported net income. We believe cash flows generated from operations is a better measure of our financial performance than net income. And with that, we would like to open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes, I think in terms of the overall operating profile, as we stated before, it's not our objective to expand margins here in the second quarter. We probably came out a little ahead on the revenue side and the hiring, there's always the pace of hiring can shift. You're entering into Q3. And we saw last year, revenue was lower in Q3. We're going to continue to add resources to our organization. So I think when you look over longer periods of time, our strategy is not to expand margins, it's to expand the surgery market, the robotic procedure market.
Calvin Darling: Yes, and it's kind of complete the thought there. We often times get asked to how many people did you add in the field. Well as Gary said, this quarter, we were pretty consistent with the last quarter. On the clinical side, we added about 24 people to our clinical sales team bringing us up to roughly 515 in that category and we added additional 2 to the clinical side, we're currently about 85. So those rates of hiring within the field sales force are pretty consistent with what we did in Q1.
Calvin Darling: Right. On the Single-Site side of things, as you know, we're currently selling directly or selling it to Europe now. Their initial set of customers, as Gary mentioned, is roughly 10 or so sites but their working on that. Here on Single-Site, we are competing directly against some of the laparoscopic tool companies. So it's a little different than the traditional da Vinci side where it's against just open surgery. And so given that, I think there's an established market for Single-Site operations, and I think we're kind of looking at to compete there, perhaps at a slight premium to that. So it would be lower than our traditional set of da Vinci instrument per procedures side on that side. As far as fluorescence imaging goes, we're still pretty early on that, too. The kit is comprised of a couple of endoscopes and some of the dye used in the fluorescence cases. That as you've seen, we've maintained our overall instrument and accessory revenue procedure at about $1,940 over the last 3 quarters and part of that has to do with fluorescence imaging coming on and bolstering the IMA revenue together with the 8.5 millimeters scope. So that could help the small volume right now but in general, it would be a slight increase to the revenue per procedure but not a big impact at this stage.
Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our growth in da Vinci procedures and with customer response to our recently released products in the second quarter. Our team has executed well in our 4 areas of focus for 2011, which are first, extending the benefits of minimally invasive surgery in gynecology and urology globally. Second, expanding robotic surgery and deepening our organizational capability in Europe and Asia. Third, crisp execution in our product development efforts. And finally, enabling emerging procedures in thoracic, transoral, colorectal and general surgery.  Turning to procedures. Total procedures grew 30% over Q2 of 2010. And da Vinci Hysterectomy followed its seasonal pattern posting solid growth in hysterectomy for both malignant and benign conditions.  In urology, da Vinci prostatectomy continued to grow, primarily through growth in Europe as expected. Pull-through procedures namely partial nephrectomy, endometrial resection and sacrocolpopexy grew nicely in the quarter. Emerging procedures in TransOral Robotic Surgery, thoracic surgery and colorectal surgery have also showed strength, with clinical publications emerging from early adopting centers. Aleks will provide additional procedure commentary later in the call.  Turning to operating highlights for the second quarter. Procedures grew approximately 30% over the second quarter of 2010. We sold 129 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 108 during the second quarter of last year, and 99 of which were purchased by U.S. customers.  Total revenue was $426 million, up 21% over last year. Instrument and Accessory revenue increased to $172 million, up 35% over Q2 of 2010. Total recurring revenue grew to $239 million, up 31% from prior year and comprising 56% of total revenue. Net income was $117 million, up 32% over last year. We generated an operating profit of $203 million before noncash stock option expense, up 19% from the second quarter of last year and representing 48% of Q2 revenue. We ended the quarter with $1,822,000,000 in cash and investments, up $65 million from last quarter. Significant cash outlays during the quarter included $39 million invested in intellectual property and fixed assets, and $139 million used in the repurchasing of stock. Excluding the impact of these outlays, as well as $32 million from stock proceeds and $41 million provided by working capital, we generated $170 million in gross cash flow from operations, which is 145% of our reported GAAP net income for the second quarter. Turning to products, we launched 3 new instruments in the U.S. this quarter. A Thoracic Grasper and Medium-Large Clip Appliers and a Bipolar Dissector. We also received the CE mark for our fourth product, our section irrigation [ph] instrument and we have begun its rollout in Europe.  We have submitted our 510(k) for the section irrigation [ph] instrument and are working through the approval process with FDA. New instruments allow for faster and more precise da Vinci procedures and these new additions to our instrument line are targeted at facilitating our emerging procedures in thoracic and general surgery.  As we mentioned last quarter, the FDA has requested additional clinical data for our Single-Site product. We have collected this clinical data from both the U.S. and European sites, and we'll resubmit our Single-Site 510(k) to FDA this month. Clinical results from Single-Site use in Europe are encouraging and our phase roll out in Europe is progressing. With Single-Site running at approximately 10 sites.  We continue to make good progress on both our da Vinci vessels healing instrument and our da Vinci stapler. We are in the process of answering FDA questions on our vessels healing instrument, while progressing through its manufacturing bring up. Our stapler is developing on plan, and we are working through its validation.  Moving to recently released products. Our da Vinci Simulator has been well received by our customers. After dual console, the simulator is the second step in a set of products aimed at improving the quality and efficiency of da Vinci training.  The simulator has fit well with both dual console and single console Si customers and it is providing surgeons with improved, ease of access and support in learning da Vinci surgery.  Several studies evaluating phase, content and construct validity of the simulator are in process and the initial response from surgeons, trainers in our field has been enthusiastic. Our phase rollout of Florescence Imaging is progressing to plan with its initial use building in partial nephrectomy procedures. Lastly, we're investing in building our team, in expanding partnerships and in acquiring those technologies that can make a difference to robotic surgery. This quarter, we added 40 people to our team, predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D. Bringing our total team to 1,769 employees. I'll now pass this time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer.
Gary Guthart: Sure. You know what, I think it's going to be a kind of slow go for us. The initial indication is for imaging of vasculature and so partial nephrectomy is the first place that we're looking. There are some folks out looking in other areas for applicability. Things like imaging in the colorectal domain. And so we'll see as that develops. We also have some work looking in better [ph] imaging, which is not yet on label. That's something that we'll have to follow up. So I think it's kind of a base capability. I think over time, we'll find extended uses for it. The early results and the anecdotes and partial nephrectomy look really promising.
Gary Guthart: I guess what I'd say is that there is a small amount of progress and a small of clarity. I think we've mentioned incremental progress in terms of engaging with the key opinion leaders in the right surgical societies that will help us. So I think we're making progress. In terms of clarity and timing, we don't yet have a time that we can predict.
Gary Guthart: Really the way we think about it is where the procedure is being done and where can we go to fund the procedures. The other thing that we see traditionally, and we're seeing it in hysterectomy as well, is that in general, robotics is a consolidator. So if there is a diffuse patient population out in the small centers, typically you'll see the move towards early adopters of da Vinci technology. I don't think the economics -- the delta and economics between an existing customer sale and a greenfield sale are such that they would motivate us to move toward greenfield. So for the procedures we're in, we're feeling like the mix we have and the strategy we have is pretty sound. And as different procedures come on and their distribution out in the world differs, we may adjust. But for now, I think you're seeing a pretty stable mix.
Gary Guthart: Just to put a little color on it where we've been making investments in terms of developing markets. In Europe, we've been bolstering our direct organization in support of growth. And in Japan, we've been bolstering our organization in Japan in anticipation of growth as approvals come. So we've been making those investments, We caught up a little bit in CSR's in the U.S. and now we're kind of keeping pace as we go. We are not trying to catch up anymore, and we're not trying to leverage it hard. We're really trying for kind of slow gains in productivity in the field in the U.S.
Gary Guthart: No. Vessel sealing, we're answering FDA's questions as we speak. The questions are answerable. And stapler has not been submitted.
Gary Guthart: Right now, we're still in the early phases of rolling it out. So we continue to add a few sites a month. It's primarily focused on cholecystectomy to start and that's really where we are, and we continue to take data and really our focus now is working with FDA to get it approved.
Gary Guthart: The combination of U.S. and European data. I believe there is some abstracts in preparation on the European experience.
Gary Guthart: That validation work is pretty much the typical stuff. So it's bench testing and claim validation and sterility validations and all the sets of things you have to do to get ready to submit. And so that's where we are. Some of those tests are -- take a little bit of time and can be extensive in terms of the number units you use in your fire and that's where we are. So we'll walk through that. It's where we expected to be against our plan. And as that gets done then that gets built into a file that will go to FDA.
Gary Guthart: Well, the usual process of design is a little bit air lift. So the design, we're feeling comfortable with it. It looks really solid. Now if there's anything in validation we don't like, we go back and touch the design. But generally speaking, we are where we expect to be.
Gary Guthart: The data we are running in these trials has been cholecystectomy using our Single-Site product and the comparator has been historically published manual Single-Site.
Gary Guthart: As I've said earlier, we haven't seen any specific trends or changes in the marketplace for the last few quarters.
Gary Guthart: Thank you. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while be focus on financial metrics, such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma.  I hope the following experience gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. Lyle [ph] of Colorado shares the following experience, "After learning about my 2-inch tumor on my left kidney, I was very scared and nervous. I have a doctor friend that plays golf in my club and he told me about the da Vinci Systems. I was amazed at what he told me. I looked it up on the web, and after learning the difference between the regular surgery and the da Vinci systems, I felt 100% better. Then I had appointment with Dr. Visha [ph] and he explained my condition and the options and I was completely comfortable with thought of surgery. It was my first major surgery and, at 83, I was out of the hospital at the third day and doing some household chores by the fifth day. I live alone and have help for 5 days and I was alone after that. I took pain pills for 3 days and had no pain after that. I could have done without any, but I was told to take them. It is now 2 weeks after surgery and I feel like doing anything I do regularly. I will wait for the 6 weeks before playing golf. However, I'll pitch and putt starting next week. I cannot believe the difference and would like to thank whoever invented this. What a great improvement to surgery. I hope that anyone reading this has a chance of selecting the da Vinci system over the regular surgery. I have talked to someone who had regular surgery in the kidney and our stories are so different like night and day."  Patients like these are our strongest advocates for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We've built our company to take surgery Beyond the Limits of the Human Hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to speaking with you again in 3 months.
Aleks Cukic: There doesn't appear to be anything at this stage that we can point to and say, it feels or looks different. As we've talk about the last few quarters, there may be some quarters where the U.S. dVP business is higher on a sequential business -- on a sequential basis, and there may be some quarters where its flat or somewhere that declines a bit. We're well within that range, and I can't say that there's anything significant that we've noticed at this point.
Aleks Cukic: It's interesting. I think what we have learned over the years is that in procedure adoption, if it really follows a classic adoption curve in a sense that you'll have early adopters that will put up with some fill factors, we call it, and then you'll have people that will wait until the procedure gets optimized before they jump in, and there is a lot of evolution that goes on in that. I would say through that, it's pretty clear we're in the early adopters phase, and we're growing very nicely through the early adopters phase despite not having perfect optimization of Instruments and Accessories. How far we'll grow in that area? It's difficult to say, but we believe strongly that we're working on the right products. They are developing nicely. And the procedure is growing well through the early adoption phase, both in the low rectal, as we talked about in the low anterior resections and you're starting to see some gravitation up into sigmoid in some of the other areas. So we're pleased at this point.
Aleks Cukic: I think if you look at simulation, and I think we talked about this as early as perhaps 3 or 4 quarters ago, that the simulation business is not a business that we look at with the traditional metrics. In other words, driving revenue and how much revenue you're going to be able to derive from it. It's rather, how do you improve the experience of da Vinci surgery, how can you get more people access to training, how do you augment the basic training protocols, and simulation seems to make a lot of sense. If you look at the overall numbers thus far, yes, I think there's -- the market is saying that they like it. The fact that we've sold, I believe, the number is 162 in the first 6 months is very, very promising. But in terms of traditional metrics that you're used to modeling, it really isn't the way we're looking at it.
Aleks Cukic: Yes, I think, there've been some presentations actually at a few conferences where they've actually showed their data, we're pleased with the data. I think that both procedure times and the metrics that they were measuring, we're very pleased with.
Aleks Cukic: Well, as far as sleep apnea, that is not a target for us at this stage. I think there have been surgeons that have talked about the procedure and there's certainly have been presentations on it but it's not a specific focus for us at this stage. Most of it is, most of the work is being done on both malignant and benign tumors very consistent with the claims that we have. You'll see tumors that are at the base of tongue, tonsil tumors, and what are really classified as very complex operations. And that's where the majority of the clinical data that's being reported is derived from. As far as that sizing, in our view, we look at that market as probably somewhere between 15,000 to 20,000 procedures and that's really where we are going to stay for a while. I think that's where we add tremendous value. That's where there's a reconsolidation in that space and it's a fairly small community, and we think we can go very deep into that community. So we will focus on that and we'll see where it takes us from there.
Aleks Cukic: I apologize, I don't have that metric, and I don't think it's a metric, honestly, we really reported on probably for last 4 or 5 years. So I don't have that information readily.
Aleks Cukic: I would say that there is. There has been a steady growth in obesity surgery, nothing that is, I would say, steep in its trajectory. But there is a nice study growth and it's grounded in the clinical in the clinical literature is being grounded by things, such as reduced leak rates from double sutured hand, hand sutured anastomosis as opposed to stapled anastomosis. There appears to be more interest in it based on the number of abstracts and the presentations that are provided at the various forums. But it isn't an area that we have really talked a lot about or set high expectations for. But we are pleased with the growth that we're seeing in it. But it's a little less pronounced than some of the other areas that we talk about.
Marshall Mohr: I think we've been pretty pleased about how they've come on in those general level of productivity. We watched procedures per rep and rep per territory pretty closely as you would imagine. And it takes a while for reps to settle in and hit their full productivity but we're seeing, I think, that return to some metric balance that we're hoping for last year. And now, I think, we're out to catch-up mode, as I said before, and a little bit more in sustained growth.
Marshall Mohr: As you'll imagine, there's a distribution there. Some folks come up to speed very quickly, some people take a little bit longer. But for most of the hiring that was done last year, they're hitting their productivity pretty quick.
Marshall Mohr: So far in the last few quarters, we haven't seen any significant trends. One thing we did see was -- the only thing we did see was really more of our customers finance systems this quarter than they had previously. But we think that has mostly to do with the low interest rates that they're now able to access, and there is plenty of financing for them to obtain. But other than that, there really aren't any trends that I would point out.
Marshall Mohr: I wish I could predict their response. I can tell you that the clinical data we have, we feel really good about. And we'll submit it and we'll support FDA as needed to answer any questions they have.
Marshall Mohr: No. That's exactly right. It's just mix of business and as the mix of business changes to more U.S. then the tax rate will come down.
Marshall Mohr: I don't have the break out between the 2. I can just tell you that in the U.S., we've historically seen over the last year or so about 15%, 16%, to 20% financed. In this quarter, we saw a little over 30%.
