Gary Guthart: All right. Thanks, Robbie. I think, we've been sharing with you over several quarters now. In terms of new technologies and new indications, we've seen in many of the core markets, not every single one, but many of them, additional data requirements. That changed probably four years ago, but has been playing all the way through. So it's not so much that the environment has changed over that period, just the implications of that. And you see that in things like SP, our SP trials, five or six years ago would have come to market differently and they're requiring some prospective human clinical work. That's not unique to SP. It really has to do with what the underlying technologies are and what new indications might be. So I think that is playing through relative to prior iterations of systems and features. That's true. Certainly in the United States, we've seen with the European regulatory changes over the years, increased data requirements in Europe and then it kind of varies by country from there. In terms of OpEx, perhaps I'll let you ask a follow-up question for Jamie on that one.
Gary Guthart: Across our systems, we are doing trials in all sorts of places for all sorts of reasons, whether it's SPI or otherwise. And -- so the answer there is we have some places where those are publicly disclosed per normal rules. For competitive reasons, we don't try to detail them too much, and that's the position we'll take going forward.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. We continue to add capabilities into Gen 4. We expect to do so this year as well. Some of it will be in advanced instrumentation. We are doing some nice work in our energy systems on the -- both on the hardware side and some of the software side, and we think there's some capability improvements that we're going to be developing over time around core imaging capability in Gen 4. So we continue to make progress.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Thank you for the question. We think mostly about what can we do that changes the experience of surgery for the patient in terms of outcomes and the care teams in terms of how they deliver that set of outcomes. And what we can do in terms of technology basis, products and services and training that can help that happen. That is the primary thing. That's the thing that is front and center. And we do design studies, research, usability effort, all the things you would expect for us to make progress. And then we try to advance that as quickly as reasonably we can, given the environment that we're in. We don't do too much perfection of timing about what we think the hospital capital environment is going to be. We don't -- you can imagine somebody doing that, that is not my highest motivation. I think these things are sophisticated enough and complex enough to bring to market, that trying to time it perfectly with regard to the macroeconomic environment is not what we're really driven by. We work closely with our technologists who are, I think, spectacular. We work closely with regulatory bodies around the world to understand what their needs and requirements are. And of course, we work very closely with key customers to understand whether the things we think matter, matter. And those are the things that we really do and once we find a pathway, then we work down that pathway. I have to say that supply chain disruptions that have happened in the last three years have impacted not only production capability, but impact new product development as well, because that puts waves and ripples into what kind of items people can procure for prototypes and other forms of focus. So there's a little bit of that in there, too.
Gary Guthart: Why don't I take that one? That was a little bit about local competition and what kinds of things we're seeing. First, I think the entry of competitors in China is natural and should be expected. I think in some ways, it's probably a net positive in terms of how people think about the quota. That's more people advocating for the value of this in the market, it's probably a net positive over time, therefore, for market development also. In the near-term, early markets, we've seen this everywhere around the world with new systems entering. The very early entry is different than the middle is different than the late. And the early, there tend to be a lot of placements, a lot of things around clinical trials, a lot of things around setting up early capacity that are, in some sense, not indicative of value-based or feature-based competition, and we're going to see some of that early on. And then after that wave goes through putting your clinical trial systems out, then it starts to settle down, and you see a little bit more of what the core competitive dynamics look like. So, we're really, really in the early innings with what we're seeing in China competitors. I expect them to be active and assertive.
Gary Guthart: Maybe I'd add a tiny bit on pricing and margin. On the pricing side, we look all the way across the total cost of ownership for our customers and make sure that's matched to value. So what's the value we bring and then what is the pricing that does that. We do that, as Jamie said, routinely, and we do it by country. It's a global look. With regard to some of the pressures on margin, whether they're inflationary or what have you, Jamie's point, some of those are sticky. We understand the levers that we have, whether it's in design or scale or production or other opportunities. And we're in pursuit of those. I don't think we're confused about where to go from here. Some of them take a little while. So some of the investments we're making, some of the automation that we talked about, some of the factory automation we’re talking about those are things that give us better control of cost over time. And so I don't think we're confused or really caught off guard by some of the changes of the cost influence.
Gary Guthart: Okay. Nothing further to detail on multi-port beyond what we've discussed already. With regard to opportunities for our platforms period, we have opportunities across our set. We'll -- I talked to you a little bit about what we're doing in SP already. We'll detail that more as it unfolds in 2023 as to where we see opportunity for SP to create indication expansions and to open new procedure markets for us, which we're excited about. On the Ion front, you asked a little bit about the PRECIsE tier data. I don't have anything more to detail on that. Feedback from the field we have outside of that specific study has been that it's delivering on the promise. Folks are finding that it's usable that it is supplying the outcome that they had hoped and we're seeing that reflected in the adoption. So we're pleased with that. With regard to ablation, we are -- as we said last quarter, we're just at the early innings of engaging customers in Europe and looking at the trial data. We're excited by it. I think there are several indications in the long that we'll pursue over time. We'll detail those more as we get more experience and more time. There are opportunities outside the long too, I want to be clear. We think those are interesting, but they're not areas of current focus. We really think finish the job we started. We have great engagement with pulmonologists and thoracic surgeons. We have opportunity to continue to support them to make our products ever easier, more robust and to move the margin structure where we want it to go. We're going to focus on that. And then we'll move to other indications in the lung. And then from after that, we'll have earned our opportunity to do the next step.
Gary Guthart: So thank you for the questions there. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients; better experiences for their care teams; and, ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Jamie Samath: Yes. It's fair, Robbie, that we're investing differentially across the areas of investment and the functions within the company. Our priorities for 2023 with respect to operating expenses to drive growth in the areas of focus, and we're being focused there. We're looking to execute some opportunities to expand markets by gaining additional clinical indications and geographical clearances. And obviously, we want to advance our technology. Within SG&A, what you see in subsets of the G&A functions is us looking to pursue leverage as we've described. And generally, from an R&D perspective, there are some investments that, as Gary has previously referenced were sequencing, and that's partly motivated by the way in which headcount has expanded over, let's say, the last year or two, and we've moderated our headcount growth as described, and that gives us the opportunity to absorb some of that headcount. So there's differential investment within SG&A and R&D. If I look at R&D and SG&A kind of in aggregate, they're likely to grow at relatively similar rates next year.
Jamie Samath: I would just say industrial operating -- industrial scale is linked to the capital expenditure plans that we've described, the $800 million to $1 billion of investment in 2023. I'd just add the financial ROI calculations on those investments are relatively straightforward. And we think there are real advantages in having large, highly automated factories that run at scale and that's an advantage both for us and for our customers. So, the return calculations are relatively straightforward and they're essentially the incremental gross margin dollars we can drive from growth.
Jamie Samath: On the capital funnel side, what I'd say is, given the macro inputs from customers are our sense is that they are still relatively cautious. I think there's quite a bit of uncertainty still in the macro. And while, for example, staffing shortages have improved, they're still quite a bit worse than pre-pandemic levels in terms of labor costs, vacancy rates for hospitals. So they are being careful from a financial perspective and they're cautious given macroeconomic uncertainty. I think our experiences in the second half of 2022 has been where customers are seeing nice growth in their robotics programs. da Vinci stays as a relatively high priority in terms of their capital budgets. But beyond the fact that they're cautious, I wouldn't say there's anything specific I'd highlight in terms of 2023 outlook.
Jamie Samath: Yes. I think what we're saying is, we saw China procedures impacted in November. That got more severe in December, has continued so far in the early part of January, and we expect, therefore, procedures in China to be at least impacted in Q1 and perhaps beyond. And I think it's difficult for us to predict, given the relatively unique situation China is in relative to the Zero-COVID policy that they have had. So we're not making any specific predictions as to when and how that might recover. Brian laid out how that's reflected in the procedure guidance that we provided. Separately, on the quota, we're in the third year again of kind of new quota period, the last two quotas have been issued in the third year. We only use that as a historical reference, nothing more. We don't have any particular insight as to when a new quota might come.
Jamie Samath: Just with respect to pricing, I'll only comment on current products in the portfolio, as you described. What we're seeing is core costs in our supply chain, the prices we pay our suppliers, the wage costs we pay our production staff. They have gone up, and that looks sticky. We have a routine process we use to monitor pricing on an ongoing basis. We'll continue that process. There's nothing that we would highlight at this point with respect to any specific decisions that we've made relative to pricing, but it's something that we're monitoring carefully through the existing processes that we have. With respect to your question on bariatrics and the change in BMI guidelines, I think it's really early to determine what effect, if anything, that might have in terms of the total surgical term for bariatrics. And so therefore, there's nothing reflected in the 12% to 16% guidance that we provided, and I wouldn't expect it to move that quickly. And there are -- by the way, in bariatrics, there are kind of real protocols patients have to go through with respect to a set of activities that they undertake before they become eligible for surgery, even with this change in guidelines.
