Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. Our business fundamentals strengthened in Q3 with 20% procedure growth in da Vinci procedures compared with Q3 of last year and solid performance in each of our global regions. Our capital placements reflected 13% growth in our installed base to meet procedure demand accompanied by continued increases in utilization per system per year, healthy indicators for our customers and for us. Ion also experienced increases in installs, procedures performed and annualized system utilization. Supply chain challenges while still present are abating from their pandemic peaks. Looking more closely at procedures, 20% growth is up from 14% last quarter and above our three-year compound annual growth rate of 16% during the pandemic. General surgery, our largest procedure category, is growing at the fastest rate of any category fueled by bariatric surgery, cholecystectomy, hernia repair and other foregut procedures in the United States. In Europe, several countries are growing nicely with diversified use beyond urology. Germany, the UK and Ireland, Italy and Spain stood out in the quarter. In Asia, Japanese procedure growth accelerated relative to Q2 and Korean growth remained solid. Procedures in both countries are also diversifying beyond urology. In China, procedure growth was just above our global average, hampered in part by regional rolling lockdowns that continue to impact procedures and utilization. Turning to capital, we placed 305 systems in the quarter compared with 336 in Q3 a year ago and 279 last quarter. Strong procedure demand is supporting da Vinci installed base growth of 13% in the quarter. Per system utilization grew 7% in the quarter, up from our three-year compound annual growth of 5% over the pandemic. Utilization was aided by recovery from a softer U.S. procedure quarter last year, as well as customer performance of more types of procedures and higher volume categories and increases in customer efficiency. SI trade-ins continued to slow given the decline in remaining trade-in opportunity. Ion placements grew to 50 this quarter, up from 28 last year and 41 last quarter, reflecting continued growth in an early market. Overall, our customers are acquiring systems where there is opportunity for procedure growth. On the investment front, we continue to focus on our platforms in multiport endoluminal, single port and digital through indication and regional regulatory expansions, innovation in products and services that meet customer needs and product quality and cost refinements. We expect our new platforms to approach our historical levels of contribution margin over time, progress year-to-date has met our expectations. With regard to our expenses this quarter, we moderated headcount growth to focus on deeply integrating those employees who joined us in the past several quarters. Going into 2023, we expect the rate of growth in fixed expenses to slow as we pursue leverage in our enabling functions and sequence some of our forward investments. We have had a solid quarter achieving product and services milestones. We continue to expand access to our multiport products, training and services globally. Standouts in the quarter include record global quarterly new surgeon training completions to first case and accreditation of our technology training pathway by the Royal College of Surgeons in the UK. For Ion, we submitted our registration application in China, and we obtained German regulatory clinical study approval for ion ablation technology, which start -- which starts our clinical journey towards enabling interventions beyond biopsy. Ion procedures grew 211% in the quarter. Turning to our single-port platform, da Vinci SP, procedures grew 46% year-over-year, with particular strength in Korea, where our SP team launched next-generation SP instruments and our Firefly-enabled endoscope. We also received PMDA clearance in the quarter, market SP in Japan across a broad set of clinical indications similar to the indications SP has in Korea. In our digital portfolio, our My Intuitive app and PORTaL are being adopted broadly in regions in which they are released as the go-to digital portal for da Vinci customers. Installs of our in-room computing platform, Intuitive Hub grew 21% over the third quarter last year and software updates to our Hub installed base improved usability and enabled telepresence. In summary, our core business strengthened in the quarter as acute pandemic impact softened. We are managing spend growth, while investing in core growth opportunities for the future. I will now pass the time over to Jamie to take us through our finances and some persistent macroeconomic issues in greater detail.
Gary Guthart: What we are seeing on that side, on the capital side is that, where we see healthy procedure growth, the installed base growth is keeping pace and you are absolutely right in your question to kind of link utilization growth with installed base growth. On the utilization side, the 7% is higher than the norm. It’s got a little artifact in it we think, which is a year ago third quarter was a little bit suppressed because of the Delta variant. So I think it’s hard to keep doing 7% quarterly. If the customers could do that, we would be delighted. It’s -- utilization is good for them, it’s good for us and it’s fine, it’s just hard to move in a durable way because of all the workflow issues in the hospital at large, not just robotics, but just across the system. So we are seeing both. I think the capital side what we have seen here is that capital is available to be competed for if you can become a high priority within the hospital to get it. So it’s not so much that the capital environment is easy as it is competitive and if you can rise on the party list, then we will find that the loop and we are seeing that in installed base growth in greenfields and in Ion.
Gary Guthart: Okay. On the issue of kind of the quality of growth on urology and gynecology, Brian, I am going to kick that to you.
Gary Guthart: On just a follow-up point to Brian, your answer, I think, the other thing is that while we are mature in urology and gynecology in the United States, there’s still a little growth there too. But outside the United States and Europe and Asia, we are still relatively early and we think that in those two categories we will continue to see growth. Jamie, just a follow-up point on your answer on the diagnostics side, you were saying it started to come back and we are seeing a little bit of an uptick. It is absolutely clear that there’s been a trough or a bolus of people who stayed out of diagnostic pipelines and that hasn’t fully recovered. And their disease is progressing. That is also absolutely clear in the literature. So how big that is and what that looks like as they come back into the health system in terms of surgery and da Vinci surgery, you are just going to have to wait and see. It’s a hard thing to measure, but I think there’s a bolus out there and it’s unfortunate given disease progression.
Gary Guthart: The -- we watch it. We want to make sure that we are efficient stewards of our expenses and our capital and where we see an efficiency we will pursue it. That’s what I have been messaging and that’s what I was talking about here in the script. We think there are opportunities for us to increase our productivity and to do a better job onboarding from the staff we have brought in, helping them become more productive more quickly. We think there are really good opportunities in our new platforms, the things we have been talking to you about. Ion is growing nicely. SP, as we pursue additional indications. I think will be quite strong and we are pleased with multiport currently what’s in the market, the things we are working on, as well as our digital tools. So we think those things are important. We don’t want to starve them. But we will sequence them. So it’s a balanced approach. Some of it is making sure that our growth engines remain intact and we continue to innovate. Other parts are just making sure that we are being efficient with our use of capital and that we are building a lean organization as we grow. Jamie, you can speak a little bit to the expense characterization as you see it.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I love that question. The -- there’s a couple of things. On the kind of the baseline, you need to gather enough of the right data to characterize variability of care teams and variability of patients. So there’s a patient population, it’s got variability and you have got care team or physician variability as well. And getting the right data streams, getting them stored and figuring out how to do the right kind of assessment or analysis on them, curating that data, making sure it’s annotated properly, some basic stuff that you have to do to be able to look for meaningful sources of variation. We are well down that pathway in terms of getting the right data streams, having the right conversations with our customers and starting to do the analysis. So I am excited by it. As we look at how to deliver that, we are still in a I think surgical science discovery phase. We are partnered with many of the top hospitals -- academic hospitals around the world looking at surgical data science, starting to figure out sources of variation and drawing it back to causality, not just correlation. So I think the baseline is there, the ability to collect and gather that data, I think our relationships with top tier researchers are in place and we are starting to see early signals that look really good. Final point I’d make is there are some basic things we can do that are logical and not extraordinarily complicated that can help personalized learning pathways and training pathways, and we are starting to work through that now. That’s kinds of technologies that will come out into the field first. So I think it was a long-term journey. Some of the things we talked to you about Intuitive Hub or some of the baseline capabilities there in terms of the right data collected, annotated the right way and shared with the right hospital customers to get us good outcomes.
Gary Guthart: Across the platforms, we work on improvements to the robot system side or full innovation there. We work on instruments and accessories and software updates and sometimes partnered product. In general, we maintain our priority and our cadence on those things that we think are going to have the biggest impact to our customers that allow them to get better outcomes or to address new opportunities that they are not addressing today. We continue to invest and have a high priority on quality improvements and things that will make our customers more satisfied. Some other things that tend to be great ideas, but perhaps are not highly urgent, then those things will sequence out and that’s a conversation we routinely have. What do we have to do at high priority and do it at high quality quickly? What are the things that can sequence after that? So hard to answer your question in detail from a process point of view, if it matters a lot to our customers, if it’s a high dissatisfy or high opportunity, those things get put in line first.
Gary Guthart: Well, I will talk a little bit about the motivation. In terms of the details of the trial, I don’t have them at our fingertips, but our team can respond to that in a future call. Here we know that Ion can navigate in deep into the lung, we know that surgeons and interventional pulmonologists want to treat tissue there. They want to be able to engage with it one way or another. So ablative technology can be used for a couple of different disease states and we have high interest in that, whether it’s inoperable cancer or whether it’s something for emphysema or chronic bronchitis. So being able to navigate there with an energy source will ultimately be important. The first one that we are talking about here, I believe is a microwave energy source. There are some other energy sources that people are interested in. In some cases, we are developing it ourselves and in several other cases we are partnering with others. And we think that will open the door to additional indications for Ion in the lung and elsewhere. We are pretty excited about it. Apologies for not having the details of the trial at our fingertips, but I imagine our team will get that to you in the future.
Gary Guthart: Two comments for me, of course, the occurrence, the depth and the shape of a recession, impossible for us sitting at this table to predict. What I can talk about is how the conversations with hospital executives have gone. I think, in general, their perspective is to serve their patient population as best they can with technologies that will get the outcomes they want at the price points they want. I think we have been doing well with that. I think both on the product side and our ability to demonstrate economic viability and contribution margin gains for hospitals has been powerful and I think that gives us some strength going into the future. That said, depending on how hard and deep it is, then it becomes a question of what they want to offer their patient population and what kind of decisions they are going to have to make. I also think that relative to past cycles, Intuitive has a couple of more tools in the toolbox in terms of leasing portfolios and some other things. Hard to predict where it will go. I think our ability to both demonstrate value and adjust to capital placement models it’s a little stronger than it was in past years.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Fair question. It’s interesting. I think there’s a put and a take there. On the tough side, of course, if hospital staffing is really challenged, particularly as it relates to OR staff, that can limit procedures that they will perform. In general, I think, that folks are paying more to get OR staffed, recognizing they want to both treat those patients and it’s important to the revenue line of the hospital. So it’s primarily inflationary pressure as it relates to what’s happening in the OR in our space. The interesting part is that high quality MIS, minimally invasive surgery, of which we enable helps to offset some of the staffing requirements post-surgery. It’s quite clear, actually. So if they can do the procedure then the types of surgeries we do, it will save them some back end costs in staffing. So there’s a little bit of a seesaw there. So far I don’t think it’s improving in terms of staffing constraints very quickly. It does sound like it’s stabilized and maybe on the slight upside of improvement. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Gary Guthart: On the supply side, we are working extremely hard to meet demand on the capital side. I think we are about there. We are pretty close, pretty close to balanced. I don’t think we are way ahead or way behind. And likewise, on the consumable or per procedure side, we are working extremely hard to meet demand and I think we are slightly behind, not way ahead and not way behind. We are probably running close but pushing hard to keep growing. So on the penetration side, I think, we are a little bit early to go into share mix and things like that, I think we are not quite ready to describe where we are either on the account side or on the pulmonology side. So we will save that for a future call. Anyway, thank you. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim, better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Jamie Samath: On the diagnostic pipelines, what we continue to see for the most part is relatively steady in terms of the tests that are occurring, mostly a little below the volumes that we saw pre-pandemic. The one exception that we have seen in the U.S. in kind of recent trends is a tick up in colonoscopies. I wouldn’t say that this evidence that that’s impacted da Vinci procedures yet as that’s a recent trend, obviously, we are encouraged by the fact that more patients are able to get back to having those diagnostic tests and we will see how that plays out in terms of surgery.
Jamie Samath: There’s just a couple of framing comments I’d make, Larry. If you look at the midpoint of the procedure guidance we provided, on a three-year CAGR basis, that’s procedure growth of about 15%, just under -- just over 15%. You do the same for our OpEx guidance, that’s just under 15%. So, kind of back to 2019 on a three-year CAGR basis, procedure growth and spending growth relatively in line. Just one other thing I’d highlight to make a point, if you look at the reported revenue growth for Q3 and 11% year-over-year. If you look at our recurring revenue growth, that’s about 80% of our total revenue, 16%. If you adjust that on a constant currency basis, it’s 20% revenue growth and so comparable with the 20% procedure growth. When you look back at 2018, 2019, generally, procedure growth and revenue growth are relatively similar. You are seeing a disconnect right now for the reasons we have described, the lower trade-in volumes, trade-in volumes so far this year are down 40% from the prior year and you are seeing the impact of FX as we have described. And so there are some macro and secular level impacts on what’s happening in the P&L this year. Specifically on spending, we kind of described it in the script. There are some infrastructure investments that we have been making that start to complete and that creates the opportunity for us to spend at a lower growth rate, and given the work that we have done and the investments that we have made, we are going to look for some leverage in our enabling functions, particularly as we get into next year. Final thing that Gary mentioned was as you look at kind of our pipeline, there’s some natural sequencing that you will do with respect to some of our programmatic spending next year and those factors play into the slowing operating expense growth rate that we have described.
Jamie Samath: Just a couple of things I’d highlight. As we have spoken to customers and this is mostly anecdotal, you do see some input that staffing pressures are easing a little bit, particularly with respect to vacation rates and labor costs. Those two factors are still way above pre-pandemic levels, but you see a little bit of improvement in the quarter, at least based on both those anecdotes and the survey work that we have seen. In Q2 and Q3, you saw customers going through the process of reexamining their capital budgets and that causes some delays in capital investments, and obviously, they reprioritize what they invest in. I think robotic surgery is still an area of potential value for customers. That does cause some delays. On the OUS side, we haven’t seen a significant impact yet so far in terms of capital spending by those customers. Generally, we are at earlier stages of adoption. The payer structures are different and so far at least what we have seen is kind of nice capital numbers in the OUS markets, as you can see from the kind of comparisons. If you look at European placements in Q3, they were up 15%, placements in Asia were up 36% year-over-year. So we haven’t seen anything so far. I would say there are obviously economic risks, particularly in Europe with the energy situation there, the situation with Ukraine and Russia, we haven’t seen those manifest yet.
Jamie Samath: Just with respect to prior cycles and this one actually, Matt, is a little interesting in so far as we indicated in Q1, we saw some softness in the capital pipeline in Q1 and Q2, and to some extent, that continued in Q3. If I look back at prior cycles in 2008, you saw three quarters of a year-over-year decline in capital placements, 2013 I think we saw five quarters in a row of declining capital placements and then when COVID hit in 2020, again, three quarters in a row. I only give those as reference points. I don’t think we can say that those are indicative as to what may happen if and when there’s a recession in the U.S. or beyond. So, I think, honestly, if you look at the progression of the economic projections, it’s pretty complex and hard to call at this point. So we just give those historical reference points.
Jamie Samath: I would just say there’s some endorsement of the architectural choices that we made with respect in particular to the diameter of the catheter, which makes a real difference to diagnosis of smaller lesions and you see that in the clinical data. I think that the engineering and the commercial teams have really executed really well through the period since we launched the product. And I do think that there’s a halo effect of kind of word of mouth across IPs and users of the product and I think in combination with clinical data, that’s had a positive effect on our progress so far. I wouldn’t characterize how we have progressed so far as an inflection specifically, I think we have made continued progression.
Jamie Samath: Maybe the second part of the question I will take, Matt. So we are not going to give anything specific with respect to 2023 numbers. We will wait until January to do that when we conventionally provide guidance. I think what we have said with respect to operating expenses in 2023 for the reasons Gary described, the growth rate for that spending will be lower than the growth rate that we experienced in 2022 and a significant component of that is the number of people that we will hire next year. And again, what Gary described was, given the employees that we have hired, there’s a period here where we are going to ensure that we effectively onboard those new hires and get them to a state of productivity and this will be a period for us to go through that kind of absorption phase. I will let Gary respond to the first part.
