Marshall Mohr: Yes, sure. So the medical device tax is the result -- refund is the result of when you originally compute the tax, there is some subjective areas and we modified what we have previously filed. So we get a one-time refund, and it's over. And they have -- we've received the money, and there has been an audit. So we're all done with that. Second question had to do with the level of systems. No, I think that what Calvin said was that the systems are seasonally stronger in Q4. What he was trying to set up, however, was that relative to the prior year, there's some hard comparables given that we had some markets that are rather lumpy like China and Brazil.
Marshall Mohr: Clearly, we'll give you guidance in January on what 2017 is going to look like. But some of the variables that can occur, obviously, had to do with product mix. And as you introduce new products, new products have, by their nature, lower margins than existing products. And so if there were -- as we introduce stapling, for example, we saw decline in margins initially. As we improved the manufacturability and efficiency of the manufacturing processes we see improvements in margins. So I'm not going to predict what we're going to do next year. I'd just say that there are a lot of moving parts. Mix geographically also has an impact. Mix between systems and instruments and accessories has an impact. There's just a lot of variables that go into it. I think what you've seen this last year, though, is outstanding performance by our manufacturing group to reduce the cost of newer products that were lower margin a year ago.
Marshall Mohr: We're not at the stage where we've introduced the product and we're manufacturing them in bulk. But I think it's fair to say that SP's margins will be lower than our existing product portfolio. And we will work on it as we come out over time and try to reduce those costs.
Marshall Mohr: Yes, sure. I think, we think about capital deployment consistent with how we've talked about it before. We're in a period where there is now -- we're facing future competition and we want to have the ability to expand and to deal with competition. And we're also going to see additional opportunities as companies get into this game for acquisition of technologies that may expand our marketplace and enhance our products. And those technologies, it's nice to do tuck-ins and small licensing arrangements that we've done in the past and we'll try to do those. But may be that we have to buy to pay a greater dollar to get some of that technology in the future. So we want to have money for those things. Beyond that to the extent that we have the right opportunity to buy back stock and return shares, money to shareholders, we'll take that opportunity. But we'll do that opportunistically as we had in the past.
Marshall Mohr: Yes, just kind of giving a little historical perspective. If you look at prior to Q2 of 2016, our INA revenue per procedure has been running within our really tight, narrow range, $1,830 to $1,840 per procedure. You probably recall last quarter, it actually dropped down to $1,810, and we talked about timing of orders being the main factor here. So as expected here in Q3, we saw orders rebound to offset Q2. And if you take the average of Q2 and Q3 you're right back at the $1,840, kind of in line with those trends over the past couple of years. As we said, though, we continue to see increasing utilization of the advanced instruments, including those stapler and vessel sealer. And moving forward as we anticipate continued growth in the procedure volumes in colorectal and thoracic surgery, areas where these products are more widely used. We would anticipate a slightly higher contribution to revenue per procedure on an organic consumption model, if you will. But it is important to remember that a variety of factors impact revenue per procedure, including the type of procedure performed, the efficiency of use and optimization, use of advanced instruments, stocking orders, timing and distributors. So there is a lot of factors here. So as a result, INA can be lumpy, and future trends can be difficult to forecast in the end.
Marshall Mohr: If you look at GYN overall and you look at the history of benign hysterectomy adoption, the entrance of da Vinci surgery in the benign hysterectomy has enabled the majority of patients to now be treated on an outpatient basis. So when minimally invasive surgery is adopted with the technology, it will enable hospitals to manage these patients in a more outpatient oriented way.
Marshall Mohr: And Larry, given the lumpiness in some of our capital revenue from period-to-period, we typically talk about operating systems in terms of growth rates, which Calvin walked you through.
Gary Guthart: I think Bob had a question on Fosun before he got to it, if you still have him, if not we will come back around in queue.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I'll give you a little bit of an overview. We'll, of course, give you additional detail in coming quarters. It is not currently designed as an add-on. The technology is based, as I said in prepared remarks on computer-controlled catheters, along with some special sensing technologies and some image analysis. Currently, the current configuration it's in, it's a standalone. Those types of technologies in the future could be integrated into other things, and we won't preclude ourselves from doing that. We do conceive of it as a way to access the body through natural orifices and other means, where you want to follow a prescribed pathway to get to some deep place in the body and do something. Our first clinical interest is in biopsying lung cancers or biopsying suspicious lesions in the lung. We think that, that is important globally and particularly important in China. And as a result, the partnership with Fosun, who we've known through their Chindex Company for many years, made a lot of sense to us. And we're excited about it. We're not ready to give you commercial timelines yet. The technology is mature enough that we're in our initial kind of human clinical experience. That's really the very beginnings for us. And as we get greater clarity on our launch timelines and thoughts, we'll share them with you.
Gary Guthart: Yes, fair enough. I think, as you think about SP, SP shares a lot in architecture and in kind of underlying technology with the Xi platform. We do think it branches us into places that are hard to reach otherwise, literally hard to reach with conventional technologies, open surgery, conventional laparoscopy or with Xi. So we think SP can broaden clinically what surgeons can do. I think that will start in niches and then will move out into broader applications as we gain clinical experience. It does increase our support load a little bit in terms of complexity with regard to the SP just because it's a new set of instruments and add-on accessories. But it's not an entirely new set of computational platform and things like that. As you start thinking about the catheter-based technologies, again, that's a new set of technologies. You had kind of framed in a two-year horizon. I would stretch that horizon out a little bit. I wouldn't anchor us there. I do think that takes us to different places. I think it allows access to parts of the body that you may not think of surgically. It may be more around diagnostics. And I think it will open up to practitioners' ways of approaching tissue that they just haven't thought about before. And that's why we're doing it. That you've seen us increase our R&D spend and we've been both talking about it and doing it, and part of it has been investing in these technologies. And I think it matters. I think as people look, as we look from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head and look for opportunities to get better outcomes, we think of a variety of technologies from access technologies to imaging technologies to computational technologies that can really make a difference, and that's we're putting our money where our mouth is.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I think, the dynamics in UK in particular, I -- it's hard for us to segregate what's Brexit and what isn't. The capital acquisition pipelines are pretty long relative to these things. And it's been clear that in the UK, that there, NHS anyway, that NHS England has been looking at how to spend their money and trying to cover budget shortfalls. So there's been pressure there for some time of Brexit likely doesn't help. With regard to Europe more broadly, it really is varying country-by-country. Some places, we see reasonable growth and support; other countries have been a little bit more of a struggle. And the response to that really has been to increase our local presence, increase local data generation, and be in close contact with government payers and private payers.
Gary Guthart: But in terms of magnitude, Tycho, when you look at the Xi, that was our next-generation, multi-port system, and it quickly took off to a very high proportion of the sales. What we're talking about with SP is a more controlled type of launch, lower overall quantities. So just based on magnitude, it's probably not going to have as big an impact on the overall margin.
Gary Guthart: Yes, there was a footnote within our data table that we referenced in the beginning. During the third quarter, we actually implemented a new system and some processes for tracking our da Vinci systems out in the field. As part of the transition process, we performed a verification audit out of our installed base records and which identified 43 systems, mostly older standard and S models, which had been retired. So we went and removed those retired systems from our installed base during the quarter. So I think the trade-out number was 33 and then most of the rest here was just kind of this adjustment, we made to the base. So the trade-ins were pretty, I think in line with previous periods.
Gary Guthart: Yes, on the first question, I think, in the long-term, I think it deepens our relationships with customers and regulators in China. I don't -- I wouldn't assume that it's a magic switch in the near-term. With regard to regulatory approvals for various products in China, typically, in our past, it's been a little bit longer process than it has in the U.S. What that looks like going forward in particular, for the new products we're talking about, I can't speak to it at this time. We just don't have enough information on it.
Gary Guthart: Yes, Amit, as you know, predicting how the patient treatment trends across prostate cancer in a mature procedure like DPB is difficult. We've highlighted for period of time the rates of growths that we've seen with our rates of growth that we thought were consistent with the rate of diagnoses. It's hard to say in the quarter where the rate at which we've seen growth change over the course of this year. The specifics behind it that data typically comes to us years that down the road. But we feel that what we saw in the quarter is probably more consistent rate of diagnoses than perhaps what we've seen over the past handful of quarters.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So I think you're connecting two things I'm not quite sure I'd connect. So the relative health of the gynecology business seems to me to be driven by a few factors, among them concentration of patients into higher volume surgeons and higher volume centers. Separately, there is a trend toward a more outpatient work. We do see utilization of our systems in outpatient environments that tends to be more in existing integrated delivery networks, hospital loaned outpatient departments as part of a integrated plan. It's not something I'd call out as a major trend at this point. I'm not sure that I would quite link to GYN. It's possible, but I think there are a lot of factors there that sorting them is not possible yet.
Gary Guthart: A couple of -- the way I think about it kind of puts and takes. So the major factor is anticipated procedure growth by the customer. So customers are making capital placements based on what they think will happen in future procedure trends. So that is the biggest driver and where they see growth, I think that they move forward. The places where that can be a little bit different or disconnected is in a very early market where you're just getting started. So a new reimbursement clearance or a new quote or a new procedure clearance doesn't follow the more mature trend. So those are the two things that are rolling around. I think the biggest one for us is customer belief and utilization for future procedures as the best predictor of capital.
Gary Guthart: I think the idea that if there are technologies or other assets that we can bring that we think will increase the value of robotic surgery program or a minimally invasive surgery program based on a competition to one of our customers, is that an opportunity for us, yes. They tend to develop in time. The underlying catheter-based technologies that we're talking about now as you know, having followed us for some time were really first acquired by us years ago. So the answer to that, yes, we're outlooking. Fosun has been a good partner. They have built a relationship with us through Chindex, but they also understand the healthcare space extremely well in multiple dimensions. And so the short answer to that is we've been doing it and expect to continue to do it.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So as we said in the past, adoption is really per procedure, and per procedure is really segmented. So for example, colorectal is probably really four or five underlying procedures that are a little bit different. And adoption goes quickly when there's large value, distinct value for the procedure relative to alternatives and when the procedure is pretty well concentrated in the hands of well-trained surgeons. So take colorectal and separate it a little bit. In the case of rectal cancer, that's a complex set of procedures. Oncologic, of course, in nature has been growing steadily. Not a super rapid rise relative to some prior adoptions but a steady adoption for us and data collection has been occurring. Data publication has been occurring. And we're doing okay there. I think in other parts of colon, sometimes it's for benign, sometimes its oncology. Those are typically done by different surgeons and so they adopt at little bit different rates. You look at hernia again, it's sub-segmented, ventral hernia versus inguinal in some segments within inguinal. So we look at it. Ventral hernia and inguinal hernia, as we define the available markets for procedures for which we bring value, have adopting pretty nicely relative to past trends. Rectal has been on a slower adoption but a steady one. And colon is in the middle.
Gary Guthart: Yes, we're not ready to give of our 2017 forecast yet. And we'll see how we close here in the fourth quarter and roll up our estimates and answer that very question in our next call in January.
Gary Guthart: Well, we've been launching a fair number of instruments and accessories various things in various markets. We tend to tell you when they came out. We have not tagged a launch date either for SP or other kind of major systems at this time.
Gary Guthart: It's a good question. I think the dynamics are a little bit different in them, both in terms of kind of procedure complexity and a little bit of practice patterns. But they don't track exactly the same. Having said that, I don't think there's anything about adoption I'd call out strongly at this time. I think both of them are moving through that first set of adopters, generating additional data. We're seeing more data now generally supportive and looks pretty good. I think that technique refinement and data generation is what the next round of surgeons rely upon to evaluate. And so we're seeing that kind of transition right now, clearly, in both those hernia domains. We just take one more question for one more caller please.
Gary Guthart: That was two questions already, and I gave you one. I think I'll choose one. No, we'll go fast there. On the first one in terms of cost reductions, it's a careful and long list of activities that goes on. So you shouldn't so much think of it as one thing as it is a routine discipline of scanning through both operating processes and manufacturing processes and parts cost and working them down as they come. You do get the first -- the greatest help on those things in the first few years of a platform release, and then after that, it starts getting increasingly hard. Suffice it to say that it isn't possible to do it. In terms of headcount growth, it's a mixture of commercial growth little bit more weighted outside the U.S. than U.S., some manufacturing growth to cover volumes of things like instruments and accessories and other things that have been increasing as well as some design help. The headcount growth as it relates to Fosun that we're not really ready to break out at this time. We have certainly made headcount investments over the last few years into the technologies that have underpinned that relationship. But it's not -- I wouldn't call it out as Fosun just yet.
Gary Guthart: With that, I'll go ahead and close the call and then we'll catch your next question on the next conference call. So that was the last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Patrick Clingan: Hey Ben, this is Patrick. In certain international markets, we're pretty deeply penetrated in urology. And where you have seen those penetration rates increase over time, the rate of growth has decelerated and emerging procedures things like colorectal and gynecologic oncology are still fairly small. So countries like the Nordic countries places like UK, where we are pretty deep, you see those growth rates slow.
Patrick Clingan: Yes, hernia continues to be encouraging. The rates of both procedure adoption, surgeon retention, and utilization within the existing surgeon population as they continue to do more procedures has been a strong point and the way in which the technology is going to be adopted. Now hernia repair though is not one thing. So there is a variety of patient's subsets within variety of different physician perspectives around the value that our technology can bring into the procedure. And so it's probably not quite like DPB in terms of the way you would think of it is been adopted, may be a little more benign hysterectomy, given the alternative therapies and the heterogeneous landscape out there in terms of how they address these patients.
Patrick Clingan: Yes. There's going to be variability quarter-to-quarter, lumpiness, if you will, between SG&A and R&D. We talked a lot about our R&D investments. Gary went through them on the SG&A side. I think we're investing a little heavier disproportionally for international to support the earlier phase growth there. So you look at it overall, we're within our guidance range. We refined our full year guidance to that 13% to 14%. So again, there'll be some quarter variability, but I think we're tracking to the overall plan.
