Calvin Darling: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Intuitive Surgical's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and [Patrick Clingan] [ph], Director of Finance. Before we begin, I’d like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2014. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our first quarter financial results. Patrick will discuss procedures and clinical highlights, then I’ll provide our updated financial outlook for 2014. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2014. Starting with procedures, on our last call we estimated full-year 2014 procedure growth of 9% to 12% above the approximately 523,000 procedures performed in 2013. Now based upon factors described earlier on the call impacting U.S. for GYN, gynecology and other elective procedures, we’re adjusting our 2014 procedure growth estimate to a range of between 2% and 8%. This is a wider range than we have previously communicated giving consideration to increased volatility in elective procedures and the recent FDA statement discouraging the use of power morcellation techniques and the potential impact this may have on our procedure business. Moving to revenues, as it has been discussed earlier several factors are pressuring our business making it difficult in the near term for us to predict system sales volumes and as a consequence total revenue, specifically the breath and evolving nature of our procedure growth. As a reminder procedures are a primary driver of capital sales and the relationship between procedure growth rates and capital sales is highly sensitive. Our recent introduction of the da Vinci Xi System an upcoming period of transition in advance of it's release in international markets and ahead of the availability of Xi versions of certain advanced instruments, continued economic pressure and uncertainty at hospitals associated with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, evolving utilization patterns and point of care dynamics and likely variability in the timing of Japan system sales given the timeline for obtaining additional procedure reimbursement and beyond dVP anticipated no sooner than 2016. Due to these factors affecting the capital side of our business, we will not be providing a revenue forecast at this time. As mentioned on last quarters call, we expect to sell fewer systems in 2014 than the 546 systems sold in 2013. Our Q1, 2014 gross profit percentage was roughly 68%. As we moved forward in 2014 we expect our gross profit percentage will shift directionally lower given that our newly launched da Vinci Xi System has lower gross profit margins at launch than the mature Si-e platform. While we will look to cost reduce the products and improve margins over time the da Vinci Xi will negatively impact gross margins in 2014. We also anticipate a growing proportion of sales of newer lower margin instrument products throughout the year including Stapler and Vessel Sealer. Our actual gross profit margin will vary depending largely on product mix and systems production volume. We believe deeply in our ability to fundamentally improve surgery and are continuing to pursue plans to increase the use of da Vinci enabled MIS around the globe. As stated previously, 2014 will be a year of increased investment for Intuitive Surgical. Even during this period of capital sales uncertainty we will be building our international capabilities investing in new product developments and pursuing growth in multiple areas of our procedure business. Now excluding the impact of this quarters $67 million charge for estimated legal settlements, we continue to expect to grow our operating expenses roughly 12% to 15% above 2013 levels. We expect our 2014 non-cash stock compensation expense to be towards the lower end of the $180 million to $190 million range communicated on last quarters call compared to $169 million in 2013. We continue to expect other income which is comprised mostly of interest income to total between $15 million and $20 million in 2014 also towards the lower end of the range. With regard to income tax, we continue to expect our 2014 income tax rate to be between 25% and 28% of pre-tax income, depending primarily on the mix of U.S. and international profits. This forecast does not assume the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit in 2014. Our share count for calculating diluted EPS in Q1, 2014 was approximately 39.1 million shares. Our actual Q2 and fiscal year 2014 share count will depend on several factors including the magnitude and timing of any additional share buybacks. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes, and just a few thoughts on just the overall metric of instrument accessory revenue per procedure. As it was mentioned, we saw the positive contribution of the Stapler and the Vessel Sealer here in the first quarter which really effectively offset the negative impact primarily from lower stocking orders with the lower system sales in the quarter. So the overall metric was fairly in line the first quarter of this year with fourth quarter of last year. And so, as you kind of look forward, this higher proportion -- you’re going to have a higher proportion of Single-Site and less complex benign procedures in the overall mix and you have the positive impacts of Vessel Sealer and Firefly. So as you look out into 2014 you’ve got factors moving in either direction and it's really difficult to gauge the net direction of the metric moving forward in this year.
Gary Guthart: I think as we have said in the past the places we’re investing I think really all points to our future growth and they are international markets both in Europe, Japan, other places in Asia over time as well as bringing to market products that we think helps surgeons and therefore expand our opportunity both deepening it in markets that were already existing and a good potential to open new markets. I think that scaling back quickly as a result of near term pressure is not a long-term best interest of the Company.
Gary Guthart: I think it's from my point of view too soon to make that comment. I look out and say it's clear that there are some changing dynamics within the U.S. marketplace particularly around some of the procedures that are elective. Some of those things are broader than in Intuitive when you look at the changes to surgical admissions that are changing and some of the payer behaviors around incentives or just incentives around surgery, we’ll have to see how those things wash out in time. Some of them have to do with internal focus of the company as we look at opportunities and have adjusted ourselves towards focus that will pay off in time but those things take a little time to wash through. And so, I think that’s a good question to ask again and then again in future quarters and I would not call it right now.
Gary Guthart: Yes, so as you think about what kinds of things makes sense for a customer on the da Vinci platform where we can really bring value, probably not a 100% but certainly higher than we are today and I don’t think we have called out here’s the endpoint, but a good example Vessel Sealer has been really well received by our customer, the adoption has gone deeper in different places than we had anticipated when we started and as we look at stapling in it's early adoption into Colorectal that’s been pretty positive for us, customer feedback comment has been strong. And as we expand the stapling offering to bring them articulation and stability and some of the things that we can bring, I think that’s an opportunity for the company as we go forward. So, I don’t think we can peg an exact number for you, but I think it will move up certainly in the kind of the multi port -- multi-quadrant procedures that we think we can make a big difference in in the near term. Go ahead Calvin.
Gary Guthart: In the near term I think that the surgical societies are going to look and evaluate and they are what the implications are for minimally invasive surgery as a whole. As we mentioned we -- power morcellation is not a part of many, many of the gynecologic procedures we do. I think there will be some reassessment by the surgical societies and by surgeons themselves as they kind of look at tissue extraction techniques and where they want to take guidance from there. So, for us it's pretty hard to forecast. I think at this point we’re just going to have to wait and see. da Vinci offers dexterity and the opportunity for alternative techniques to tissue extraction and so over time we’ll see where surgeons want to go with that. And Patrick, I don’t know if you want to add.
Gary Guthart: When we think about multi-quadrant procedures and work that people are excited about, a lot of the features that have gone into the Xi are ones that surgeons have been interested in and asked us about and we’ve been in development with them for some time. So the idea of being able to in essence change setups without having to move the base around the longer instruments help in larger patient populations in general surgery, the narrow instruments get you into tighter spaces, and so as we look at general surgery, general surgery is indeed that, a lot of different procedures and so we’re excited about the flexibility that the setup of the platform brings as well as things like forward hopping the idea that the camera can move between different cannula to be able to get different views of the anatomy. So, I think that’s been strong for us. Micro-surgery is not something we’ve talked about. I am not quite sure where that came from. It's not an indication on the Xi and so, perhaps another time we could talk about that in more detail.
Gary Guthart: The 25 is about the same size as the port that’s going on, that used a little bit different type of construction that’s being used in Single-Site. I am not personally an expert in the herniation issues although understanding and listening to surgeons, I understand that how you make the cut down, how you make the incision and how you close it, closer technique has a large impact in what those things look like. Conversations with regard to FDA have really centered around the technical performance aspects of the device and its application to urology in terms of Sp itself, so really no additional color to provide you on that front.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I think it's -- when you look at and the things we’re calling out are the increasing pressure that we’re seeing in the U.S. gynecology procedures, factors that we discussed on the call including the payer disincentives for benign surgery effects are of the Affordable Care Act and impacts on procedure potentially involving the power morcellation which is a rather recent event. We’ve seen more volatility in these elective procedures and economic sensitivity as well. So, that’s on the gynecology side, and then specific to Cholecystectomy as Patrick talked about what appears to be a tightening really of the types of patients that maybe that target robotic candidates. And so these are early days on both these categories, but I think the range of the guidance is broader and lower in recognition of these factors.
Gary Guthart: Right. I think that directionally we feel like buybacks are a good idea when we feel like there is a good opportunity for the company to be in the market and that’s something we speak about routinely with the board here and so we’ll see. I think with the fair amount of volatility that’s been evidenced in the U.S. market and it's likely to persist for some time given all the moving parts in the U.S. market when opportunities arise then I think the board will sit down and evaluate.
Gary Guthart: Right. So, the first thing is that, we have not announced pricing. Likely the operating cost for the Sp system will slide in above Single-Site and add a slight premium to a da Vinci set. It's not finalized, so it is not an operating cost lower cost than Single-Site which is actually quite good already. Single-Site instrumentation from a material cost point of view are within about $100 of multi-port laparoscopic cost. So the material cost comparisons are quite good on Single-Site. Already this has additional capability and we’ll come into from an operating point of view at a small premium to that price point. In terms of why we think it's interesting, the first indication to be entirely clear is urology. We think there is some interesting things that can be done particularly in things like kidney cancer where you have the removal of the specimen. I think these are the type of procedures where co-articulation and forearms make sense in a single-port context. As we think about other places in the future that might have interesting indications, we think about places where you’re going to be in confined spaces, head and neck is one of them, transanal procedures are another place that people have real interest in. And one of the reasons that we're talking about this a little bit early relative to launch is to give us room to discuss it with surgeons to develop it in terms of clinically clinical laboratory work over time, so we get a real chance to interact with customers about where this kind of architecture can take us. I think early interest is quite high in terms of enthusiasm. I think there is real work to be done in terms of refining some of the elements that are present in terms of both of the supply chain and the indications and we look forward to doing that over time. Long-term I think there are some unique capabilities here technologically that may lead us to some interesting questions.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I understand the question. I don’t think certainly in the next few years I don’t see that it's either or I think that we’ve made real investments and we’ll continue to invest in those technologies we think can make a real difference in surgery and I expect that to continue. And the indications around thinking globally are not strongly this year or next year, I know you’re following, you know we’ve been investing in Europe and Japan. Longer term as you look multiple years out, I think there are real opportunities in other parts of Asia in Latin America and I think it will be important for the company to be there. It's not intended to signal a hard right-turn away from innovation. Innovation is in our DNA, you see it routinely in the products that we develop and bring to market and I expect that to continue.
Gary Guthart: As you look out I think the types of data are pretty clear and we’ve seen them collected. I think first you collect simple outcome data and that evolves in time from single institution studies, so multi institution studies and so on. And then with that I think economics that follow. So really it's a combination of how are your products used, followed by what kind of outcomes are being attained followed by what are the economic consequences of those outcomes and that’s really what we invest in. And where you have all three you see strong benefit, where the out products are less differentiated, where the outcomes are differentiated and the economics follow, that has been a strong predictor of growth and so, that’s a routine part of what we do both in the U.S. and OUS each health system calculates some of these things a little bit differently, disease states vary a little bit country-to-country and so it's not just the U.S. centric activity.
Gary Guthart: The basic elements as you’ve seen has been organic growth -- funding organic growth and development where we need to. We have invested OUS and sometimes those investments are organic and sometimes there are acquisitions of things that are important. I expect that to continue. We routinely look for technologies that will enhance our product lines and acquire them on an ongoing basis. Typically those have not been huge acquisitions, but in the future if there’s an opportunity and a need then those can grow. And so those are really the basic elements in the mix. They change a little bit in terms of how they’re mixed together over time, but the three elements are all there.
Gary Guthart: Next caller please. Operator? All right, we appear to have lost our operator. If you’re still on, I’ll go ahead and close. While we discuss financial metrics on these call our organization remains focused on developing, delivering products that allow surgeons to deliver minimally invasive surgery to revive basic patients. I hope the following quote from Dr. Leitao and team from Memorial Sloan-Kettering in their recent paper on da Vinci news in hysterectomy gives you some sense of the value Intuitive brings to the surgical community. “The key conclusion from our data in conjunction with other published data is that the cost of robotics much take into account, how it affects the rate of laparotomy and not just compare successfully completed robotic to laparoscopic cases, because these are both minimally invasive approaches using different instrumentation. Also it's important to take into account post discharge cost outcomes. Our data further validate and support the data from (indiscernible) and colleagues, enhancement of laparoscopic programs with the introduction of the robotic platform and a concomitant decrease in laparotomy rates reached a cost neutralization of the robotic platform and potentially of cost savings overall. The offers continue despite nearly 40 years of availability. Laparoscopic hysterectomy still comprises only a small percentage of all hysterectomies in the United States and the world. There are gynecologic surgeons who provide safe and efficient laparoscopic surgery, it is important to continue to support their efforts. Unfortunately they only represent a minority of all gynecologic surgeons. The robotic platform is a device that overcomes some of the limitations of standard laparoscopic instrumentation and has increased minimally invasive approaches.” In closing we’re steadfast in our conviction in the value da Vinci has and can bring to medicine, and we thank you for your support in helping Intuitive expand the benefits of minimally invasive surgery. That concludes today's call. And I look forward to speaking with you again in three months.
