Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive’s first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our CEO and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 7, 2020. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events section under our Investor Relations page. Today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. In addition, this quarter, we have also posted charts illustrating da Vinci procedure trends in Q1, which are intended to provide additional perspective and detail regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our financial results. Then I will discuss procedure details. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Marshall. Our overall first quarter procedure growth was approximately 10% compared to 18% during the first quarter of 2019 and 19% last quarter. Our Q1 procedure growth was driven by 9% growth in U.S. procedures and 11% growth in o-U.S. markets. Our lower first quarter 2020 procedure growth rates were a direct result of hospitals reallocating resources to meet the increasing demands of managing COVID-19. Hospitals postponed deferrable surgical procedures to make more resources available to treat COVID-19 patients. Impacts to da Vinci procedure volumes were first felt in China in January and moved to other o-U.S. markets as the quarter progressed. As of mid-March, our overall procedures were trending towards the higher end of our expectations, including the benefit of an extra working day in Q1 2020. At this stage of the quarter, the impacts of COVID-19 in the earlier impacted countries were offset by strength in U.S. general surgery and mature procedures. Beginning in mid-March, we saw significant declines in procedure volume in the U.S. and Western Europe. On a worldwide basis, weekly procedures performed exiting Q1 were approximately 50% lower than the run-rate through mid-March. In the U.S., weekly procedures exiting the quarter were approximately 65% below the run-rate through mid-March. Procedures categories realizing significant declines were hernia repair, benign gynecology and bariatric procedures. Lesser impacted procedures were thoracic and colorectal surgeries. Outside of the United States, weekly procedures exiting the quarter were approximately 25% below the run-rate through mid-March. The lower o-U.S. decline primarily reflects procedure volume recoveries in China offset by broad declines in Western Europe. In Q1, procedures in Japan were less affected by COVID-19. Growth in Japan procedures continued at a growth rate over 40%. We provide these data points to inform investors of the procedure dynamics experienced during the first quarter, which were unprecedented. Due to the uncertain scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain timing of global recovery and economic normalization, we withdrew our financial and procedure guidance on April 8, and these Q1 procedure results aren’t necessarily indicative of any forward-looking trend. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes, on the Ion side as well, data capture for the Ion PRECISE study we’ve talked about on these calls is currently delayed. We believe that positive clinical data will be an important catalyst for broader usage of the platform, but given the lack of visibility, we’re not in a position to provide a definitive revised timeline but it’s unlikely that the PRECISE study will readout this year. But you look at the new platforms, both Ion and SP are both in the measured rollout phases of market introduction and early stage utilization rates for both platforms has been encouraging. Ion commercial procedure rates were up over 110% from Q4 of 2019 to Q1 of 2020. SP procedure rates grew 14% from the fourth quarter and they’re up about 190% year-over-year. So really encouraging in these early phases, and Korea specifically where we have a broad clearance for SP, the utilization per system is at this point in time higher than it is for Xi.
Calvin Darling: Yes. And then again, procedures, it’s really they are following a continuum of urgency that are applied situationally. And like you say, clearly, the aggressive cancers require treatment and are delayed of significant risk to patients and likewise some benign conditions require timely intervention as well. We are working toward with customers to best understand the segments and we will elaborate further as the things progress. I mentioned in the prepared comments at least in the ending parts of the first quarter the more impacted procedures were things like hernia repair, benign gynecology and bariatrics with lesser impacts on things like thoracic procedures and colorectal procedures.
Marshall Mohr: No, I think you hit it. I think you will see more financing, more leases and alternative financing arrangements.
Marshall Mohr: Sure. For leasing, yes, in the quarter what happened, we had a number of customers that had started the sales cycle back in Q4 and were interested in standardizing on fourth generation systems and it so happens that a number of those customers wanted to do – wanted to structure the arrangement such as they were purchases, they were accounted for as purchases, and as a result, we had fewer leases this quarter. So, I don’t think this quarter’s indicative of our normal sort of run rate for leases as a result. Leasing going forward probably is more akin to what we were experiencing, more in the 38% range. That’s under normal circumstances and I actually believe, given the COVID virus and its impacts that it will increase from there. But it’s hard to predict depending on the customer and the circumstances. As far as how many customers may have postponed indefinitely or may have postponed a quarter, the conversations with them are always a little bit, hey, we are going to postpone and then they sort of throw in words about maybe another quarter, maybe another couple of quarters and some say, well, we’ll get back to it but we don’t have a specific timetable, and for those that say that they don’t have a specific timetable that’s what I’m referring to as indefinitely. I don’t think that there are customers running from robotic surgery. I think they actually want to do robotic surgery and I think that they will come back some time when COVID virus is handled and the procedures come back.
Marshall Mohr: Clinical trial, what I was referring to was SP we had planned on doing a – we believe we have to do a clinical trial to get the next indication which is colorectal. Doing a clinical trial at this point in time is probably not going to happen right away. Having said that, I don’t think we had plans to do it right away. We had several steps we had to go through before we got there so I say, it’s delayed. It could be delayed and don’t know exactly when it will get done.
Marshall Mohr: Like I said in our prepared remarks, capital demand, we saw deferral of purchase decisions at the end of the quarter. I would expect that to continue. I would expect also that hospitals as COVID as they are able to dedicate resources to the procedures that maybe in backlog that they will use up existing capacity and therefore it won’t immediately result in capital demand. We still have conversations with some of the hospitals on capital. It’s just not possible to predict exactly where it’s going to come out for the quarter.
Marshall Mohr: Europe, we didn’t see quite the same level of reduction in terms of procedures at the end of the quarter. That doesn’t mean to say that it will sustain itself. It’s possible that as the virus spreads that there could be additional pressures on procedures. And having said that, capital as you know we did 25 systems this quarter and what I reported in my prepared remarks, that’s far lower than what we had anticipated for the quarter. And so we are still – we are seeing the same kinds of interactions with customers in Europe as we are in U.S.
Marshall Mohr: Yes, there were – there are limitations as to what you can do within each European country. All of them have different rules as to registration and with different regulators around financing. Having said that, we really had launched leasing in Germany and the UK, a year, two years ago or so and France a little bit after that and we did see a nice uptick in leasing, particularly in Germany. I think going forward you will see leasing in all those markets. We are prepared to be able to offer it. We now understand structures we can do and what the requirements are from a reporting perspective and I think we are set. So I would anticipate given the impact of the COVID-19 that we would see additional leasing there.
Gary Guthart: Okay. On the Japan side, I think that in general their system for managing their coronavirus is a little bit different than we’ve seen in other countries and it’s evolving in time. So, to-date, hospital operations were relatively lightly impacted as it relates to surgery relative to other countries. What that will look like in the future, I don’t know. We’ll see how that evolves. It’s been interesting and instructive for us to look at data from Japan, look at data from Korea, from China, from Europe and Germany, Italy, UK, France. And that informs us going forward and in terms of getting prepared for the reopening of some of the hospital wings and surgical wings as they happen. So too soon to make the final call, but we have I think pretty good real-time information. I’m going to refer to Marshall the question about clinical trial.
Gary Guthart: On my just personal channel checks, hospitals are now creating large backlogs of patients who are going to need surgery and there is – I am encouraged about their commitment to da Vinci as they go through that. So I think at some point the logistics of availability of PPE and other resources will start to free up a little bit and as they have time then they will have to attend to that group of patients and we will be there to support.
Gary Guthart: Tycho, you have heard us say this before and it’s really true in the data this quarter as well. Europe doesn’t act as one. So what’s happening in Italy feels and looks different than in Germany from our perspective, from France and from the UK. So, each will progress a little bit – on a little bit different pathway.
Gary Guthart: Not ready to publish what’s happened thus far in April. I don’t think it’s shockingly different from what the beginnings of what you’re seeing in the charts we’ve given you there. But I’d also say that I don’t think the next two weeks are particularly predictive of anything. I think this will flow globally here over the next weeks and months and we’re really focused on how to make sure that we’re supporting our customers well and flow out of it.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Appreciate it. Well a couple of things. We are well-represented in outpatient departments in hospitals already. We are absolutely able and willing to move systems to locations of care wherever they might be. We do have experience with systems in ASCs to the extent people want to move into ASC environments. We worked fine in those environments. We will be working on getting training and other resources geographically positioned where we think that folks can need additional support as they start to ramp up, recognizing that we don’t think a lot of people will be jumping on planes in phase 2 so we can sort of forward deploy our resources to help people as they get ready. And lastly, it’s staying in touch with our customers and surgery departments and making sure that we have inventory forward deployed for them for the kind of procedures they want to do.
Gary Guthart: I think the way I’d have you think about it is from the point of view of demand for surgery, demand for robotic assisted surgery, in that setting I think the world is queuing up a set of patients who will need care. Makes sense. I understand it. I think conserving of PPE and ICU’s and other valuable resources at this time makes sense. As some of those constraints start to loosen, I think everybody will have to adjust and adapt to caring for patients who have other conditions. That is the demand that will drive everything behind it, from INA and other inventory, to access to capital and systems. We’re well-positioned from an inventory point of view. We are well-positioned operationally and financially to move systems where they need to go, to put systems out on lease for usage-based models or other things to support customers the way they want to be supported and we’ll be quite agile. So, on the capital side, you may see shifts in the way capital is deployed and the way that we’re compensated for that capital relative to prior quarters, sort of historical norms. But we’ll be leaning forward to help people when they need that help. How fast that happens, I think that has a lot to do with government policy and health system policy as to when they pivot to go treat other patients. That will determine everything else.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Thanks, Rick. It’s possible. I think that folks rotating into open surgery, patients who are great candidates for MIS is doing that set of patients a disservice. So we will see. That may happen, hard for us to control. With regard to capacity for robotics, remember, there are a lot of robots out there and they are right now underutilized. As that flows back, we can help. Will some folks want to use lap? Maybe. From the point of view of surgeon preference, surgeon comfort what their choices are, just remember surgeons are intentional about the method of surgery they choose. They don’t accidentally fall into robotic surgery training. They make those commitments and time investments for a reason and they have a preference. So, if we can fulfill their preference, great. That will be great. If we are unable to do so and they choose lap, because they couldn’t get access where they wanted, well, that may happen, but that’s really I think Intuitive’s job to make those systems available to them if they would like to use them.
Gary Guthart: Thank you. First thing has been to employ – to ensure, to protect the safety of our staff and those who supply us while we do our R&D. So step one has been to stay up-to-date on the latest employee work safety methods. We started our incident response team relatively early. We were up and running at full speed in terms of our incident response team in early January and so they start looking at best practice relaying out our onsite facilities as they need to be relayed out, enabling work from home where we can. We were pretty capable at remote work capabilities just given the distributed nature of our campuses. So, it’s really flexing in that regard. And then we have put in place a robust process for allowing onsite work where we think it can’t be done otherwise for training our staff and staying with it. And so we have done that. Of course, there is a loss of efficiency as you go through this and so there is no doubt that in the first weeks of this you start to slow down and then we are fighting hard to recover. Team attitudes have been fantastic. The agility and creativity of teams to get their work done, their willingness and desire to do so, has been really encouraging, so, so far, so good. Some things will go slower. To the extent that we have clinical trials out there and those are being conducted in hospitals that are being impacted by COVID, those things will slow down. The principal investigators in those places are highly committed first to patient care and then as a second priority to doing the research they would like to do and so that will come back as time permits for them to do so.
Gary Guthart: Clearly, varies by country and is the reason that we put a couple of those charts on our website for you to look at is just to see the difference in how different countries are doing it. The places that are able to engage earliest have taken strategies where they have put COVID Care in one location and allowed surgery to occur in a different location or hot and cold zones within their own institutions that have allowed them to manage both concurrently so long as they have staff and PPE to do it. Giving you a general answer is really not possible at this time because of the puts and takes by region. What I will say is surgeons are there for a reason. They are – it’s impressive. They are both community-oriented and clearly understanding the need to support their communities as they flex into this crisis. At the same time, they are surgeons and they are looking forward to going back to surgery. The backlogs that you hear about are significant and they are concerned about those patients who are surgical patients who need care. The last comment I would make is that very few of the procedures that are done using robotic-assisted surgery are easily resolved by non-surgical means. We are in a part of surgery that where surgery is by and large the first choice. And as a result, I don’t think a lot of these procedures are going to dissolve in time just by waiting. I think they are going to have to be done surgically. So really will be a question of where do they get done, when do they get done and what kind of technology is used to do it.
Gary Guthart: Yes, if you think forward, the major things here have been really making sure that teams are consistent, teams that know how to work together, work together frequently, they know how to parallelize tasks and they use kind of best practices. It is not limited to robotic surgery but works really well therein. With regard to how we can help, making sure that training resources are available, we have been investing as in Intuitive Telemedicine Network. I’m really pleased that we made that set of investments and in the future that allows us to project expertise in at a distance, that means people don’t have to be on planes in a post-COVID world, that’s probably helpful for us and something that we want to rotate towards as we go. As I said earlier in the call, I think we can forward deploy some of our training resources and help get teams up and running and trained that would help people work through backlogs as best as they can.
Gary Guthart: Alright. Well, thank you. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there’s a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. During this period, our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams to support them in their mission wherever that may lead. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your support. We look forward to talking with you again in three months. Thank you.
