Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 02, 2018 and 10-Q filed on April 18, 2018. Our SEC filings can be found through our Web site or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our Web site at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our Web site. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results. Then I will discuss procedures and clinical highlights, and provide our updated financial outlook for 2018. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: You’re sitting six months into the year now. Year-to-date, procedures are actually rounding up to 17% as you described. And so it’s pretty straight forward. I think you look at it right now at the high end of the range. We are talking about a continuity of the trends we saw in the first half across geographies and procedure sets. Then at the lower end of the ranges, we are talking about moderation, Marshall talked a little bit about the mature procedures. And we continue to beat our expectations in these categories, urology and oncology, in the U.S. But some moderation in those categories would be considered at the low end. And even in general surgery, where we’ve been performing very strong just somewhat less robust growth in now our largest category in the U.S., contemplating the lower end.
Calvin Darling: As a standalone systems there should be a slight premium to our Xi less than 20% to 30% more or like in the 5% range.
Calvin Darling: Just quickly as we move beyond the urologic dVP and prostatectomy into this broader set. As we described in the earlier comments, it’s a foundational building period. We’re very pleased and satisfied with one quarter’s activity is focused on training and new programs and all the support that they require on the field. But in terms of the pure numbers, this is not a big factor in terms of the high-end and low end of guidance that where we may project overall. The overall proportion of procedures in Japan relative to the worldwide is something in the two percentage range. So it's a phenomenal opportunity in the long run in Japan. But in the near term, it’s really more building programs and less of the impact that will have on full year procedure growth for the Company.
Marshall Mohr: We approach procedure enablement by designing system, instruments and imaging and software elements with surgeon feedback, and with the introduction of our Xi systems and our next-generation advanced instruments and refinements imaging software. Our customers are seeing real value in general surgery, particularly with the gen-four systems. And you mentioned hernia repair and colorectal, they’ve been leading adoption. And we’ve seen organic interest from bariatric surgeons as well as our SureForm 60 stapler comes to market and with the addition of gen-four labeling in bariatric so far to serving those opportunities as well.
Marshall Mohr: Two things on that, one is customer use and efficiencies with the generation-four platform is quite good. So we are pleased to see their interest and to the extent that we’re going to be flexible and help them move in the gen-four we will. With regard to SP, our initial thought here on the phase one of launch is not to do an enormous placement capital placement of SP. It’s really to establish local data centers and build out the value story as we go and to really begin the early collection for next indications. Over time as we build out that experience base, our interest in expanding the SP footprint will increase but that's a multi-quarter conversation, not a really quick turn. SP long-term and I think we’ve talked about it. In beginning, SP will go out as full systems. But as we build out the evidence-base, it will be part of the gen-four platform that will be easy to upgrade and configure as part of gen-four, and that’s been part of our thought process for some time.
Marshall Mohr: Tariff situation is obvious for dynamic. The first run of tariff have been imposed do impact some of the components that our suppliers use to supply us. We’re under the -- we're studying that as we speak. We think that the estimated impact will be modest in terms of the increase in product cost for our systems. That's not a cost or a level that we're going to pass in those costs on to customers at this point in time.
Marshall Mohr: No, nothing specific, it's really the -- just in general, it’s hard to predict capital given budget cycles, given government regulations, in the case of China and just seasonality. And so it's just hard to predict when hospitals will actually purchase, and so you can see it be lumpy overtime.
Marshall Mohr: When you look at revenue per procedure overall, there is clearly some variance quarter-to-quarter. We talked a lot about customer timing, order timing and things like that. So quarter-to-quarter, you see those things. And we are seeing an increase in contribution from advanced instruments, including our stapling products, which are getting more usage, as well as vessel sealing. We introduced a new version of our Vessel Sealer Extend in the last quarter. And now the 60 millimeter stapler that we’ll be rolling out here in the third quarter with expanded access available in the fourth quarter. That's just serves to expand this category further around our product line a little further for stapling and provide a more optimized tool within the category of bariatric. So the simple answer is yes that that will just be more on our advanced instrument side of things that that element will serve to be a tailwind for revenue per procedure.
Marshall Mohr: First of all, the objective is to get systems out there and to get them productive and to provide improved surgery to patients. I think we've been flexible with leases. And when I say flexible we've structured those very short term leases almost rentals that we get them at the budget cycle to what you would call [plain vanilla] leases that have five year term with the piece of equipment staying with the customer at the end of the lease. We're willing to be flexible even further. And so although, we have talked about different models, I don’t think that we've rolled anything out that it is important to the results at this point, but we will be flexible. We’ll think about different models to get to -- eliminate the barrier from a capital expenditure perspective.
Gary Guthart: One of the things we look at, as you know, is stick rates to reorder rates, and just to see our people trialing or are they staying with it. In hernia repair and colorectal, we’re seeing nice stick rates on those side. So we feel like we're building momentum here. You also have sustainability, and I think prostatectomy -- urologic increases, as well as gynecologic increases in U.S. have surprised me. And I don’t have much confidence that those are sustainable.
Gary Guthart: Nothing new to report for you there. Certainly, as it starts coming into the market, you'll see early site start to take broader data collection and so on. With regard to what regulators want to see, we’ll see what happens with regard to their feedback to our submission when that occurs. So I don't have anything to point you to at this time.
Gary Guthart: I have been pleased so far with the interest that SP is generating our customers to explore where it can create real value. The things we’ve talked about with your earlier quarterly some interest in urology, we think there’ll be really interest just and colorectal surgery, in transoral surgery as well. There are -- we've had early discussions in several other specialties. I think it’s very early to start pointing our investor base, I think, towards one or the other is probably too soon. That said, it provides access to the body that comes in fundamentally differently than an Xi brings instruments into the body. And we did that because we think it will provoke interest and value creation in other places, as we get more experience, as these come out into the world then we’ll keep you up-to-date.
Gary Guthart: Just zooming out for a minute, I think the way we think about it for customers is what allows for smooth operations across a population of patients and a broad set of procedure types from neurology, to gynecology, to general surgery, to thoracic surgery and so on. And as we think about those things, we've been at this for a long-time. The idea of mounting things to tables, the idea of mounting them to floors, of having them to be modular of using open consoles versus consoles that have immersive viewers, have been around quite a bit. And we have evaluated and tried a lot of them. We came to these decisions not based on white board analysis, but on building things and talking to our customers and working through it. So it doesn’t mean that we’re right, it could absolutely mean that somebody else did something slightly different and they evaluated it differently, but we were not casual about this. And we did it with serving a population of patients, the population of surgeons across procedure set in mind. With that I'm comfortable where the Company has made its investments.
Gary Guthart: I'm not quite sure when you say first gen imaging. We have done a lot of things in imaging for a lot of years, so perhaps a little clarity on what…
Gary Guthart: With regard to this -- I think you’re talking a little bit about image fusion and the idea of using preoperative images like CT scans or MRI with endoscopic images and fusing those two together. Again, I guess they have been around for many years. Today, in existing shipping systems, customers can use, something called to bring preoperative images and compare them in real time to what you’re using. There are some other things in the works that allow for tighter integration of those images and fusion. We have not set expectations on timelines nor on future content yet. We have a lot of technology capability there. We will bring something out when we feel like it really makes a difference in surgeons’ lives, and enable them to either create different outcomes, or be more efficient. There is potential, nothing to update you in terms of timing.
Gary Guthart: We don’t see a real change in terms of momentum from one quarter to another, in our first quarter and second, other than as you indicated. You see a higher percentage of trading. The fourth generation products has some features in it, I think that we’re seeing an excitement from the general surgeons about utilizing for the procedures we talked about earlier, colorectal procedures, thoracic procedure. And I think hospitals and surgeons want to avail to that technology, so we're seeing trade outs. We're also seeing some desire to have standardization within the hospital where they only have one set of instrumentation to manage rather than two. And so tradings are difficult to predict as to where we are in a particular cycle or how much will happen in any particular quarter. But what we have seen is a slight increase in those trades.
Gary Guthart: In terms of accounts, there is a fair amount of interest that's I think broad across the segments. For us -- first of all, we have a set of clearances that we have that will allow access to get started, and then subsequent data collection to do for additional clearances. So that will determine the early access strategy there as is really around what clearances we have and the ones we want to pursue in the future. We will be supply limited for the first few quarters here. So the answer there is there will be a bit of a line to put these first set out as we go. And as we get the additional clearances and master the technology then I think that gets a lot easier. But it will be a design rollout to start.
Gary Guthart: What happens also is the aggregate reporting of course averages a lot of lumpiness that happens underneath. So even if the aggregate looks smooth, regional variances can be reasonably high. And so it's just as Marshall properly said, nothing specific but the general dynamics that are out there.
Gary Guthart: On bariatrics really, our customers have pointed us here. This is one where, as you’ve said, there is a fair amount of penetration of laparoscopy. And outcomes are generally good. And so you’re going to ask why are they asking here, what’s the organic interest? Like all things we said to you in earlier procedure adoptions, in the early days, there are clearly sub-segments of a particular procedure. In the case bariatrics, sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass, revision procedures all underlying segments. And that where we find value as an entry point, I think we’ll have to develop over time. Clearly, in regional surgeries in complex co-morbid cases, we see real interest on the part of surgeons. And so that appears to be a place that they are finding some entry point. There is a wildcard here as Calvin alluded to, which is there is an ergonomic benefit for laparoscopists. And bariatric surgeons tend to be high volume surgeons and it tends attempt to be a challenging -- physically a challenging procedure and there may be some value there too. So we’re not ready yet to call what the market sizes of those sub segments and where exactly all the value creation will be, but the organic interest is pretty high. And so we’re going to engage our customers and follow their lead here. And short answer is stay tuned.
Gary Guthart: The major things we're looking for when thinking about flexibility here, really on the customer side, is that they have a long-term commitment in terms of access to the system that the access matters to them. We have confidence in our systems such that we're not too worried about a right of return and things like that. I think that if -- this is a group that understands robotic surgery, understands the value of robotic system surgery relative to other forms of surgery then we’re willing to take some financial risk, if they really are committed in terms of how they want to implement the program, how they want to train their surgeons and so on.
Gary Guthart: I think it’s a good question it’s not something we’re prepared to do on this call. And it is true just frankly that our view of these opportunities and markets evolves overtime as surgeons start to explore the capabilities of these systems, find value in different places, and as we get to understand really the sub-segments of markets better. We do -- our view does progress. We will think about it to what has changed where it is. I don’t think here we’re ready to tell you that we’re ready to forecast something differently. But it is moving to a different phase and it's worth thinking through that phase.
Gary Guthart: I think in a sense it comes down to how people think through this trade-off between clinical value and economic value, and where they see value relative to capital entry price. And in many, many places as we you look at this deeply the capital price, the capital component is not the driving determinant of cost. If you look at total cost to treat per patient episode, which is in my opinion the most relevant economic question here, the total costs of caring for that patient are absolutely dominated by outcomes and dominated by human labor. And so the material costs that flows through tiny fraction of all of it. And for those folks capital access and who see that who’ve done analysis, I think what they really ask themselves is what’s going to give us the best outcomes and the highest efficiency and standardization. And they make that out of commitments and so that's what we see. And I think that results in acquisitions of excise. If folks are capital constrained, and by the way that said of criteria can vary a little bit region-to-region. I do think total cost to treat per patient episode translates well across country boundaries. But different organizations have different approval processes and capital allocation processes. They may choose to get started with lower capital cost system. If they want to do that, we're happy to support them and that's the next. So in our prepared remarks, we had talked about our allocation of these systems, fitting our view of the world regionally and that's why.
Gary Guthart: We will listen extremely carefully to our customers’ needs, and recognize that customer needs are three A, triple A, that outcomes efficiencies, workflow, standardization, and return on investment and the high responsiveness to patient need, a high patient centricity. Those needs we’re going to look for really carefully if in that set of analysis a further de-featured system make sense of course we will pursue that, and we're always looking. I don’t think that it is obvious right off the back that less capable systems at lower capital prices make those three aims a lot better, but we are constantly asking ourselves.
Gary Guthart: First thing as we have said before, we’re excited about flex catheter technologies, particularly in lung. I think it can make a big difference there. But it's a platform and we think it will have applications beyond the lung. We are focused on creating value in the lung to start that does not say that our vision will not extend further, that's step one. Step one, with regard to the idea of see entry. If you can go and do detection and then be in a position to treat it, things are very compelling in vision. And it's a vision we share, we think that's interesting. There are many different ablative technologies and approaches within technologies. Ablation has been around for quite some time. It's not a trivial or obvious therapeutic approach. It will take serious design and serious clinical validation to really understand where those things are. That's going to be a multiyear pathway for anybody. So we’re not surprised to see others’ interest in it that is not new to us, not a new thought for us. We think there are opportunities there. We think there are multiple pathways to get the good solutions. We are investing in those. Some of that is organic. Some of it is partnered. Ss we evolve, we will share more of that with you.
Gary Guthart: All right. Well, thank you very much. That was our last question. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics, such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our Company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you we’ll remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
