Marshall Mohr: Yes, in I guess my script, I mentioned that we had bought back shares and I gave prices of $2.64 to $2.68. Obviously, that wasn't the price. I missed it by a couple of digits. It's $264 and $268.
Marshall Mohr: So the list price for an Si-e is below that of an Si, obviously, because it's de-featured. I believe it's $1.3 million.
Marshall Mohr: You know the numbers. I mean, we bought back 742,000 shares at $268 per share for the year. We do think about ways to return capital to shareholders, and we still have another $101 million authorized and it's up to the board to decide whether or not we proceed with a greater program.
Marshall Mohr: We typically have a little bit -- when you look at ratio to revenue, because of seasonality in the quarters, you typically will see a higher rate of expenditure relative to revenue in Q1 and a slightly higher rate in Q3 as well, and then the other two quarters look better. But it really has to do with seasonality of revenue.
Marshall Mohr: It's actually reflective of both. The reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, it was reinstated through 2011. So we will get an R&D tax credit in 2011. Having said that, the bigger impact in 2010, and overall the bigger impact is the change in the mix of revenue on a global basis. So as you earn more money overseas, you're being taxed a lower rate and that brings your tax rate down. So 34% is reflective of what we think the mix will be next year.
Marshall Mohr: Utilization continues to increase slowly year-to-year. And the relationship between them, procedure growth and systems growth, it's really hard to correlate those in a small time frame just because the capital purchasing cycle is unpredictable. On a long-term basis that they should be closer or match up better as procedures do drive system sales.
Gary Guthart: Anyway, to the question on kind of what's underlying the growth in the growth guidance. The major drivers of growth looking forward will be a continued adoption of gynecology in the U.S. In the U.S., the malignant side of hysterectomy, so hysterectomy for cancer conditions are going to the upper part of the curve and really the growth will be coming out of benign hysterectomy. Benign hysterectomy is diffused, so it's a little bit harder to consolidate. That's one. A second source of growth in the procedure domain will be urology in Europe, which is coming along nicely but a little lower on the curve. And then emerging procedures, while they were growing really nicely, they're at a little bit smaller base. So a little bit of it is just the timing of these different adoptions as they progress.
Gary Guthart: I think we'll have to see where the emerging procedures go as they come up. I think we call them emerging because they're promising, and they're going quickly but on small basis. And really, the challenge and the question for us is how quickly can they move up. And I think we're just going to have to report on it as the year progresses.
Gary Guthart: Yes, we kind of felt like 2010 was a catch-up year for some slow hiring in 2009. And I think we've done a pretty good job of catching up and getting close. We'll continue to hire, but I think the rate of hire will start to temper a little bit as we move into the back part of '11. I'll let Jerry add little color to that.
Gary Guthart: We think there is an opportunity, kind of an economic opportunity there for the Si-e. It is a de-featured version of the Si. It has a lot of the feature-forward compatibility that the Si line has. And we think that as we move into more benign procedures -- and frankly, head and neck is fundamentally a three-hour procedure -- that there is an opportunity there both for customers who are little more price sensitive as well as second system sales that go into sites that are having more diverse procedure lines. So that's kind of the frame up of the Si-e.
Gary Guthart: I think with hearing both those answers is that we're starting to see some nice procedure momentum. And I think over time, the capital side maybe lumpy, and I'd expect it to continue to be lumpy. But as long as we can keep driving the procedure business up the curve the way we think we can, ultimately, I think it will pull systems.
Gary Guthart: We're still in conversation with the regulatory bodies. I think we're in the question-and-answer period, and we understand the questions and they have answers. And I can't tell you exactly when that process will conclude, but just that we're working through it.
Gary Guthart: Directionally, we've been happy with the buybacks. We think it's been a good mechanism for us, and we'll look for opportunities when the time is right to continue that pathway.
Gary Guthart: I'll answer the first two subparts, and I'll have Marshall answer the last one. I think on the sales side, you ought to think of it in rates. We accelerated the rate of sales hiring in '10. We'll continue to hire into the sales force in '11, but the rate of hire we'll temper a little bit. And so a couple of things happened. One is we did some sales hiring throughout the year, but we do a little bit more in Q4 in anticipation of the beginning part of the year of 2011 to get them on board and effective sooner into the year rather than later. So you see a little bit of that surge. The other thing that happened is, as Marshall mentioned in the script, we had some timing of R&D prototype expenses that shifted around in the back half of the year, and that's just lumpy. The nature of R&D expense can be lumpy. So on those two sides, I think that we'll see a little tempering of headcount hiring in 2011 in terms of a rate, continued investments in R&D. And in terms of front and back half of 2011, I'll turn that to Marshall.
Gary Guthart: It's a good question. It's a hard one to answer. I guess, I'll just speak directionally. I think the piece we feel good about on is really on the procedure side. I think procedure growth there is, I think the mix of both excellent execution by the sales force, strong patient value and the procedures that we offer and a little bit of seasonality in terms of patients' willingness and access to care into Q4. I think you saw some of all three of those things. I think on the capital side, I think it feels in the middle to us. I don't think we feel like there's a strong environmental trend one way or the other, broadly speaking. And so when we think about the capital business, we think it's driven by a few things. We think it's driven, first, by procedures and capacity, by access to capital, of course, and by the availability of new products and the desirability of those products. So just to come back to the original question, the biggest thing we feel good about, I think, is that demand for da Vinci procedures seem pretty strong and we were able to go out and service that demand.
Gary Guthart: Another way to look at it, Rick, really is you're talking about net adds to the installed base. That's going to drive that up or down. It all comes back to procedure adoption in the end and how big your installed base needs to be serve the number of procedures that you're going to do.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. It's really hard to say at this stage, Tycho. I think we'll know when we get there. But what we've learned in the past is often one or two instruments can make a great deal of difference in optimizing a procedure. We saw it in prostatectomy with bipolar energy and the appropriate grasper to manage the tumor or the prostate, I should say. And you start to see procedure times come down, and you start to see case reports improving and so on and so forth. So we know the process of trying to optimize a procedure. And I think stapling becomes directionally a pretty important product, not just in colorectal, but perhaps in lung surgery and some of the other large sort of very complex procedures. So in terms of pent-up demand, I don't know that we even know how to call that. I would just say that it's a product launch, or I should say, a product development that should add value in a number of targets for us going forward.
Aleks Cukic: Well, I think the way you want to think about it, we've talked about products that are either in FDA or in development. This one is still in the development phase, which means it's not in front of the FDA. The pace of development and the quality of the prototyping is excellent, but it's a very complex procedure, there's no question about it. So there's really not a lot more we probably will go into other than just think of it in development at this stage.
Aleks Cukic: There's always risk. But I would say that if you looked at it in 2010, it was actually up in the United States. Not materially so, but we've described it pretty much each quarter as flattish and it's actually up a little bit in the United States. The majority of the growth came from outside. Almost overwhelming amount of the growth came from outside the United States, which we believe will be the case. I think there will be a sort of a give-and-take between other therapies that go on with prostatectomy indefinitely, I think. We are picking up some procedures that may have been sort of headed toward radiation or other therapies, and they will probably pick up a case that was headed for surgery. So we think of it as flattish in the near term, and that's probably as accurate as we can be.
Aleks Cukic: I think we placed one system in Japan. And as far as anything new to highlight, we continue to work, as we've talked about in the past, with various stakeholders in Japan about looking at ways to get reimbursement approved on a global basis, if you will, as opposed to a manual basis. It isn't anything that we are expecting for 2011. I think through 2011, we'll continue to move the process on a manual basis. And yes, we'd expect some systems to be sold, but we are not at a point where we would classify it as fully optimized and nor would we expect it in 2011.
Aleks Cukic: One of the things we've said in the past is we knew there would be a stagger between dVP outside the United States compared to dVP in the U.S., and that is structural. We believe there is a lag. There will be a lag in GYN. There will be a lag in other procedures. So what you saw in 2010 was really a nice uptick in the dVP business, specifically in Europe. Overall European numbers were up about 48%. And you started to see, let's say -- I don't want to oversell and say some critical mass, but you saw some strength, early strength in gynecologic cancer operation, dVH malignant, which is what we would have expected because we've got sort of a history, if you will, of starting in the most complex areas, showing value and then moving on beyond that. And I think it's starting to feel like we're getting some traction in various European countries. So that I would say en bloc is really the difference in European 2010 business.
Aleks Cukic: It's really difficult to tease it out exactly. But what I can tell you directionally is even -- in the fourth quarter, for example, in the United States, we saw a nice increase in dVP. So we also saw a nice increase in the GYN procedures both U.S. and o U.S. Looking at it and some of that was directionally driven by new hires and new commitments, if you will, to the field organization. So it's hard to say how much of that is pent-up, how much of that is driven because of seasonality. What we do know and what we learned last year really for the first time in, let's say, Q1, the issue of fully paid deductibles versus unpaid deductibles had an impact on some of the more elective procedures. And so that is something we'll call out as that becomes a bigger part of our business.
Aleks Cukic: I think there are a couple of questions in there, so I'll give you a numerical answer to one of them, and I believe you asked how many more systems can be upgraded. And I believe the number, for example, in the United States pertaining to Standard systems is 162 or so, somewhere thereabout. Let's call it 150, north of 150 slightly. And outside the United States, it is probably not all that dissimilar to that number. Now it doesn't mean that all of them are going to come back in time. I think we've got a fairly predictable trend over -- if you were just to plot it out over the last several quarters. It will be up, down, but I don't think there's anything material in the way we're behaving that would suggest that it's going to increase or decrease at a rapid rate quickly. So the answer really becomes, what does the customer want to do when we will work with the customer. We're doing this as a customer accommodation. We're giving them value back for a product that they paid for and used and now want a more advanced product. And we'll continue to be focused on the customers' needs. In terms of a go-forward projection, Rick, it's really hard to say. Eventually, you're going to get into your modeling, and I can't recall if you're actually modeling units. But if you do, I think you've got some data points that suggest kind of directionally where the trade-ins are going. So I don't know that there's a lot more color I can give you on that.
Aleks Cukic: Again, Rick, I think if you look at it, you take the most recent data point, you have 50 of the 124 systems went to existing owners, which means that 74 went to new owners. So that's a pretty large number. So I think it's suggestive of the fact that there's a lot of new owners that are out there that will be buying for the first time. In terms of how the ratios might fall out, I'm not sure. But I would say that, yes, we're planning to sell systems.
Aleks Cukic: I would say this, Rick. I think the products that we've been coloring up now for a few quarters, by our definition, are big products. They're not easy products, when we talk about Single Site, when we talk about stapling, when we talk about a cut and seal or ligation systems. These are not insignificant developments. So by any definition, I think they are considered big deals. But again, that's not to promise any timelines or anything else. It's just to say directionally, we're focusing on some pretty complex stuff.
