Gary S. Guthart: I think I heard the question, although there is a little bit of background noise on the call. I think the question was can we disaggregate the benign hysterectomy slowdown. No, I think there are a few things going on there. As we look at multi port benign hysterectomy in total, we think our market opportunity is really the open surgical market share. There is still more than 100,000 open benign hysterectomies being done in the U.S. We see three issues impacting benign hysterectomy. First, as we become a larger part of the market, the impact of seasonality plays a proportionally bigger role in our performance. So, it’s simply when a new technique is for a small part of the market the number of unserved patients is sufficiently large that changes in the total number of patient admissions do not materially impact growth. However, as penetration increases the sensitivity to total admissions increases with it. Second, several large healthcare organizations are reporting a greater than expected decline in patient admissions in the first quarter. Given that benign hysterectomy is a large part of our procedure base, that will impact us as well. Third, negative press has some hard to measure impact on benign hysterectomy, although it doesn’t appear to be large, it’s also probably not zero.
Gary S. Guthart: A couple of things and then Calvin may help you a little bit with that as well. But as we look out, we’ve seen three quarters in a row with prostatectomy where it’s sort of finding its footing with regard to the U.S. So we are assuming that that remains -- that trend stays about the same as we go through. General surgery has shown real strength. On benign gynecology, I want to make sure, we’re separating out gynecologic procedures from just hysterectomy. There is more in benign gynecology to just hysterectomy; there is myomectomy, sacrocolpopexy both of which were meeting our expectations in this quarter. The quarter is a little bit hard to interpret just because of the number of operating days and there is little bit of ambiguity as to how many there were in terms of how the holidays played, and we’ll have to see a little bit and impossible to predict the future perfectly. We look out and think that our guidance at the low end makes sense given those, kind of three factors together.
Gary S. Guthart: Ben, you had asked a question, just a follow-up on kind of a surgeon’s view or surgeon’s commentary on it, and I’ll tell you one surgeon’s comment to me with regard to some of the criticism that’s been out there. He came back and said, hey, open surgery hasn’t gotten any better for patients and laparoscopy hasn’t gotten any easier for surgeons, and I think that’s true.Ben Andrew – William Blair & Co. LLC: We definitely heard the same thing. Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. So, for starters, while we had the approval last year, the first clinical cases happened in this quarter, and really the reason of it is two-fold. One is, we want to have outstanding first customer experiences with it, so far we have. The second thing is the supply chain for the surgical stapler is a long one, it’s a full system that has electronics in it, software in it, motor packs, and single use sterilizable products. So we want to make sure that that supply chain is exceptionally stable and ready as we move to scale. And it’s really working, those two things in parallel to make sure we get a great result. Stapling is a subtle product. There are a lot of things about it in terms of both its manufacturing and its use that you want to make sure you get right, and so we’ll be doing that. And as we start to see that stability, then we’ll start to ramp the release.
Gary S. Guthart: I think you’ve somewhat characterized how we have pushed it. We’ve not been mechanical. We’ve been very thoughtful about what we’ve done and we’ll continue to be thoughtful. So, you shouldn’t look for any particular standard pattern, if you will. We’ll look for the right opportunity to buyback over time.
Gary S. Guthart: On the first comment of what do we think there is in terms of an opportunity in our dVH? First of all, we look out and say often procedures that are still being done through a laparotomy are great opportunity for us. We look around the country to see where those are and our ability to serve those patients. That’s our primary opportunity. You implied in your discussion that the negative press is having a fair impact in this. It’s not clear but that’s true. Right now separating out how much of this is seasonality. How much is just a total inpatient admission, and how much is specific going to it’s actually a hard think to piece apart. Having said that, I think the strength of da Vinci Surgery has been in its clinical outcomes and so that’s where we start relative to open surgery both in the publications and in the education of our sales team and the interaction with hospitals it’s that sort of data, and so we’ve done that and we’ll continue to do that in terms of supplying them the data and the resources they need to approach those patients. :
Gary S. Guthart: I think number one is in the authorization reflected confidence in the business, but I think that it’s also intended to be a return to shareholders. We’re talking about a $1 billion set more than offset any stock option dilution that we create during the year.
Gary S. Guthart: So, I think there is, our eyes are always open for opportunities for a few things and some of it has been as you know on the past looking for technologies that we think did really well with robotic surgery and advancing the ability of surgeons and the systems to do more. We continue to be looking forward and able to acquire those things, we think make a difference. We also think that investments in markets not in the United States are really important. You’ve seen this through that in the past. And we continue to do so in terms of investing into existing organizational frameworks in Japan and in Korea and also positioning ourselves for success in other markets or U.S. having cash help us to do that as well.Lawrence Keusch – Raymond James Financial: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart: We’ve actually seen a bit of an uptick in the base, what we call the base. And so if you parse out the stocking orders associated with new system purchases, we see a little uptick in the base and that reflects the new products. So that reflects usage of Firefly, usage of vessel sealing. And so, I think it was also benefited, the quarter was also benefited by the timing of purchases of buying through distributors and other customers where they’re entering their new fiscal year and so they may have bought more. And so I think there is a little bit higher than maybe we would expect going forward, but it’s definitely being benefited by the new products.
Gary S. Guthart: Just a qualitative remark on the reorder rate. We have been watching and we’ve been pleased so far. Reorder rate has been positive for us.
Gary S. Guthart: Well, again, as you know, I mean, we’re pretty measured in our approach with all of these various procedures. And I think when you look at Single incision hysterectomy, you’re looking at products that are required to be made which we’re doing and then we know how to do that. And then you’re looking at really understanding, the physicians are looking at really understanding procedure choreography, how do I do this, how do I do that, how do I close the cup, how do I take the next et cetera. And so, it’s difficult to try to assign a reasonable timeline to how the choreography will go, in addition to the general issues of manufacturing new products getting new supply chain down et cetera. So we’re being pretty cautious about that. Now, if it turns out that that changes in time will certainly let you know. But I think there is a, I think there are number of surveys that people have done and we’ve done ourselves, where there is a real excitement for from the customer. And so we just want to make sure, do you take this into consideration and that work that into your expectations because it’s really too early to call.
Gary S. Guthart: As far as we know it was a confidentially run survey and so we have no, nothing to share on that front.
Gary S. Guthart: I think that they were happy to get a Si approval and I think it’s been well received. I think that there is some amount of early excitement having to do with Si long-term as you look at that market. Procedure reimbursement is going to be the thing that is the long and sustained growth path. And so I think system sales in Japan are going to be lumpy, until additional procedures are reimbursed. And that’s something that we’re working with the surgical societies on supporting and helping them to complete that activity.
Gary S. Guthart: It was two questions. On the first one, do we have plans to share our data? Yes, we do. And we have been and we will continue to do so. In terms of the conversations that occur with customers over this and in essence the conversations with customers are amongst the most straightforward because they understand the issues on all sides. The conversations really come down to their own experiences and the data and we’re happy to and well, condition well positioned to have those conversations. We’ll continue to do so. And as additional data comes out, we were happy to share with.
Gary S. Guthart: That was our last question. In closing, da Vinci Surgery has proven safety, efficacy, economic and ergonomic benefits when compared to the open surgical procedures, it is replacing. We are steadfast in our conviction in the value that da Vinci has and will bring to medicine. And we thank you for your support and helping Intuitive expand the benefits of minimally invasive surgery. We’ll look forward to speaking to you again in three months.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah, and again I think evidence of that that we have that helps us make that statement or the actual procedure numbers, the number of people who are accessing proctors and training. And just as a level set, GYN if you look at things like Sacrocolpopexy and Myomectomy and Endometriosis Resection. If GYN is end hysterectomy for malignant conditions, this is a very robust category and while dVH Benign is certainly the largest individual segment of that category, as we look out overall at GYN, we’ve remain very encouraged.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah. At this point in time, the Single-Site chole, it’s really moving from an initial introduction into more key element of our business here, a lot more matured status. We’ve talked about the number of customers who bought Single-Site products. We may move away from that. I think as it becomes part of the norm, the portion that’s Single-Site versus multi-port that’s always transitioning as most people are aware the multi-port side is generally part of the training pathway to move towards single port, but I think the multi-port side is really the stat as an avenue to move towards the ultimate destination of the single port. So it’s probably not as important at that point, at any of time of how many of those are.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah, it’s primarily product mix and we had 48 of the 164 units were dual console systems in the first quarter and that’s by far in a way the highest proportion that we’ve had. We’d see that attach rate returning to more historical levels and as such the ASP. It’d be less than we saw here in the first quarter, maybe more in line with what we saw throughout 2012.
