Gary Guthart: Okay. On the first one, just I’m going to put a posted note on the assumption of its size relative to everything else. I’ll let Calvin come back and put it in context size-wise in terms of current run rate. But the underlying question of what are we seeing in cholecystectomy? We think there’s a segment there, where we’re bringing differentiated clinical value could be underlying clinical elements like obesity, comorbidities, state of disease of the gallbladder. So while it’s a large category as a whole, generally well-served by minimally invasive surgery today. There are segments in it that are difficult and for which we think current product sets do really well. There’s also a set of training or people deepening their experience as they go through it. So there’s a mix of those two. We think there is a durable component segmenting out how big that is over time. We’re still working through, where we think those endpoints are. We have seen it both grow in the last few quarters and appear to be sticky, not to have be a transient. Calvin, in terms of kind of setting in context relative to other procedures.
Gary Guthart: On the outline of the first question, you sort of think about what the installed base growth was. So if you think about capital demand underneath, there’s what’s happening to installed base. So opening additional capacity in various places or trade-ins of older generation systems. I’ll let Marshall speak to the quantitative nature of your question with regard to the U.S. and in Europe. But I’d say, there is something – there’s some trade-in dynamics that I think the team has been discussing with you the last couple of quarters. In general, I think, we’re feeling like it’s reasonably stable. On the second piece of what will competitive advertising and conversation do. From time-to-time, we see delay deals. We definitely see increasing conversations as they get closer to market with what they want to do or other companies are starting to get some clearances in other regions. In general, our teams have handled that pretty well. But I think the noise level will increase. I think that customers are interested in listening to other pitches. I think we’re pretty well-positioned to have a conversation about that. But I do see delay from time-to-time. It kind of comes in waves and then it’ll settle as the world figures out kind of what they’re offering. But Marshall, maybe a little bit on – a little more quantitative answer than that.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the first one, I think, we’re settling in on what the trial will look like in and I’m not ready yet to answer that, but I think we’re getting close. So in future quarters, we should be able to answer that question. With regard to what we’re seeing elsewhere, we’re starting to see in terms of Korea, where we have more regulatory room and clinical indications. We’ll start seeing a whole series of publications coming out talking about where there’s opportunity. And it’s, I think going to be quite interesting and shows real potential for us. It’s the thing that drives our underlying commitment and excitement. I don’t have them at the tip of my fingers. I do know that in future quarters, we will start describing to you what the substance of some of these publications are as they start to release.
Gary Guthart: Great. I’ll do so. IRIS, first couple of accounts up and running, we expect more this quarter. It’s really testing the whole order to delivery pipeline. Think of that as a digital pipeline that has to go through. Feedback is really encouraging. So this early part of – it’s one of these things that’s easy to describe, but to do well is hard, making sure all your cloud connections are right, making sure you have all your security protocols done, getting the turnaround times, right, getting your all your machine learning algorithms right. Feedback has been really good about its ability to help surgeons visualize pre-case, which is fantastic, using other kinds of ways in terms of patient consultation and then access during the case. So the kind of the core idea, I think, is being vetted nicely. We have said before, we don’t think it’s a significant revenue driver in 2020. I think I would encourage people to think about this as baseline core technology that kinds of things that as you develop systems like this in the future that customers will come to expect a little bit like our Firefly product. It is additive in the way that it – it’s – the system itself becomes greater than the sum of its parts. So IRIS, I think looks quite strong. On the Scholly acquisition, the team is doing a really nice job. We were right to bring it in. We were right bring it in when we did. That is doing a couple of things for us. It’s giving us a little more alignment around next gen products, which is exciting for us. It’s helping us double down on some investments in terms of capacity and efficiency that goes with that capacity. And it will, in the medium term, start releasing some profitability and financing with regard to the way we produce our endoscopes that can be turned around and reinvested in the business. So far so good. It is real work. They are in a very good team. I think we knew what we were bringing in and acquiring. I’m really pleased with the leadership of the group and our team members that have joined us in Germany and in Boston or in Massachusetts. It’s not to say there isn’t work to be done, but so far, so good.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So what I said, Bob, was, we’ve really seen good contribution to I&A revenue overall from benign procedures. But as we’ve described before, the increase in the I&A per procedure is really a reflection of additional advanced instrument revenue and then a per procedure, offset by benign procedure growth. So all I’m calling out is if we’re successful in growing benign procedures much faster than complex procedures, then you will see – then it will win the tug-of-war and therefore, your I&A per procedure might decline. On the advanced instruments, we’ve enjoyed further penetration into the procedures in which advanced instruments are used. And as that has occurred, then our revenue associated with procedures, our revenue per procedure has grown disproportionately to the number of procedures. Over time, as you penetrate that, then you will revert to your advanced technology growth will be consistent with the number of additional procedures you add versus adding also incremental procedures that were previously not including it. So all we’re saying is that, there’s the potential that the growth rate will decline. We still expect growth just a lower rate.
Gary Guthart: No. I think, directionally, continued growth in procedures per system is something we would expect. It’s something that we’re actively working with customers, sharing analytics and data to help them to make their practices programs as efficient as they can be. So I think, the trend, I don’t know if it’s going to continue in exactly at the same rates, but increasing utilization is something we would expect.
Gary Guthart: As we’ve said in our prepared remarks, Ion is in the early stages of a measured launch. And so you should expect that it will grow slowly over time.
Gary Guthart: Okay, sure. So for gross margins, the gives and takes are, as I outlined in my prepared remarks, pricing on systems, reductions in cost, manufacturing efficiency and mix, mix of both customers and types of product. And I think that what we’re messaging for next year is that, the gross margins will decline slightly, reflecting primarily product mix and a shift – the effect of new product and investments in the infrastructure.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I know I can jump in and take that one. I think about – we haven’t grown R&D as a percentage of sales pretty consistently over the last three years. And our messaging to you has been, we’re going to bring a couple of new platforms to market in parallel with some of our multiport efforts SP and Ion being those two that we think that next gen imaging and non-optical imaging is important, non-white light imaging is important, and we’ve been investing in that domain. We have been investing for scale. We’ve talked about the fact that, I think, there’s a virtuous cycle here, which is, as utilization goes up and volumes go up, it allows us to start taking advantage of automation opportunities and changing the way we manufacture. That has taken the company to be a little more capital-intensive than in years past. But some of the things you were just talking about, the linkage to your prior question on gross margin are enabled by these capital investments on multi-year timelines that allow us to get production scale advantages. And that allows us to share some of that cost savings with our customer and be able to be into lower complexity procedures at good economics and good economics for the company, as well as the customer. So we’ve been doing that as well. And then lastly, it’s been building in digital infrastructure. So those are the major buckets that have been taking the R&D spend side. I think we are not thinking that number will leap going forward. But we also think we’re still in the early innings of a baseball game here that that have real opportunity long-term for growth of the market. And we think that we can position ourselves really well by making sure that those four buckets are adequately staffed. Marshall…
Gary Guthart: So trade-ins, we’ve been in the middle of a fairly strong cycle of trade-ins and you’ve seen it go up quarter-over-quarter, last two quarters kind of flattening out. And what we commented on at the end of the third quarter, Rick, was that the total population of SIs that are out there that can be traded in obviously is decreasing as customers trade-in their systems. And so the population is decreasing. And when we look back at historical patterns for previous generation products, we think that we’re at the peak of how much of that remaining days will be traded in in any particular quarter. And so the two of those things lead us to the conclusion that you’ll see a decrease in the number of trade-ins as we go forward. The second-half of the question, I might quibble with the description is big Ion, so I’m not going to own that. But I will talk to innovation in multiport. We’re not done any innovating in multiport. We’re often asked, are you – I see SP, I see Ion, is that it? The answer is categorically no. We think there’s room for additional innovation beyond our gen 4 multiport products and we’re working on those things.
Gary Guthart: Okay. On the first question, the sales force productivity, we saw a move in the right direction in the fourth quarter, some of the underlying dynamics in terms of rapid procedure growth or healthy procedure growth driving the need for new territories still exists. So I credit our sales leadership team is doing a really nice job, both managing growth and helping the organization become more productive while thinking through territory opportunities, as well as efficiency opportunities. That’s a long way of saying we made a step in the right direction. I think they have opportunity to keep moving in the right direction in terms of productivity. So far, so good. With regard to some of the commentary around digital surgery, I – the short answer is welcome to the party. I think that we’ve been working these issues for more than a decade. As I said before, my initial response is, it’s a valuable thing to be working on, and that’s why we’ve been doing it. We’ve been the Internet of Things in surgical robots for a decade, cloud-enabled for a decade. We are quite deep. As you go out and talk a little more than the tagline, you talk about what tag lines are, what’s the substance? So dig down a little bit and the substance comes down to, I think, four opportunities. One opportunity is in the use of big data for analytic power. And that says that, as you look across large sets of customers doing various things, can you help establish benchmarks that people can improve upon, and we have done that. It’s been something we’ve been working on. So I think we’re becoming quite skilled and will become more so. That’s one category. Another category is the use of computing power in real-time to aid the surgeon or interventionalist during a case to get a better outcome. And absolutely interesting. There are many, many companies in the world that are thinking about that and making progress and we are one of them. Ion is fundamentally powered by computing to help you make good decisions. IRIS is fundamentally a real-time computing capability in addition to big data. So that’s one. The next bucket is around education and the reduction of variation team to team. We know that care team variation in any acute intervention, be it surgery, robotic surgery, laparoscopy is highly variable. And the use of computing and analytics to help that process is clear. And I talked to you a little bit about how much we have in simulation 200,000 simulated tasks done by surgeons this last year, 17,000 hours of simulation capability. These are things that we can help turn into better learning environments and reduction in care team variation. And the last bucket is efficiency improvement. The use of computing technologies and networking to help hospitals become more productive and to help our company become more productive, and we’re leveraging those opportunities on both of our customers and otherwise. So I look forward to the conversation. I think it will win. The winner won’t be the tagline. I think the winner will be those who deliver real value that’s validated against those four categories.
Gary Guthart: Okay, that was our last question. In closing, we’ll believe – we believe there’s a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient outcomes, better patient experiences, better experiences for care teams, and ultimately, a lower total cost of care per patient episode. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and the environment in which they operate. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
