Gary Guthart: Yes. Let me take the second question first and then I'll ask Jamie to step in on a little bit more on the trade-in side. So what we're seeing now, where we're at is, a little bit less delay of planned purchases, a little bit less what we're signaling more around -- Q4 demand looks strong. Q1 in terms of the early parts of the pipeline process and some of the contracting, some of the later parts, we're seeing in the US just a little bit lower volume. It may clear itself. It may entirely be that, this was just a pull-forward of a little bit of demand and some budget flushing, as hospitals got ready for the retirement of some of the government support for COVID. But it's not clear. We don't know yet. We know for sure that we're getting toward the end of the SI trade-in cycle in the United States. So that will soften some of the US capital. The final point I'll -- and then there's forecasted additional pressures on hospitals and finances. The short answer to that is, we're going to have to see. We'll see if those come to fruition or not. So that's a little bit of where that lays out. With regard to kind of what does the trade-in ratio look like, let me turn it to you Jamie. 
Gary Guthart: Just a capping remark on that. Final thought is, the core driver in a mature multiport market segment in a country like the United States, the core driver is procedure demand. And we feel like procedure demand is healthy. It's healthy in our target areas. Our major focus is making sure that we can supply the customer with what they need in a way that's high quality and timely. So, it's really managing the supply chain. If that goes well and we are successful in closing those gaps, I think capital demand will work itself out. It will play through because it ultimately in those markets is driven by core procedure demand. 
Gary Guthart: Yes. It's a good question. The -- what I'd say here is a couple. One is, as the technologies have matured and the installed base has gotten bigger, we've made an intentional decision to invest a lot in upgrading the capabilities of Gen 4 platforms that are out there. So the first thing has been that the SI that somebody purchases today is more capable than the SI that they had in -- when it was first launched and we keep doing that.  In part that's easier those kind of incremental adds to platform architecture that's pretty mature are easier for the customer base to absorb. And they also compound utilization. They allow them to get more utility out of the capital they have. They get higher throughput through it and they do more procedures with it. And in Gen 4, we're not done with that. We have continued to do it and whether it's instruments and accessories or endoscopy or software.  And we have some things up our sleeves for that too. So that was intentional. We were doing more kind of structural changes early on in that product and we have intentionally moved some things into more incremental changes on Gen 4. We do think that there are bigger structural changes that will make sense. We are working on them. They are interesting. I think they have long-term implications for the surgical market segments we participated and I'm excited about them. Some of those things are around technology development. Some of them are around manufacturing and supply chain development and some of them are around clinical pathways and regulatory pathways. So all of those things play out. I will reinforce what you said. We work on incremental changes. We work on structural changes and we work kind of multiple generations ahead and that remains true. We continue to do that. Timing-wise, sometimes a little bit hard to predict perfectly based on both supply chain readiness, and how FDA thinks about those things. For us, I want to make sure that every time we make a step that the customers value it, that it's done with them in mind rather than with us in mind. And we continue to have that philosophy and we'll pursue it.
Gary Guthart: Thanks, Rick. On submission for Europe, the -- we just submitted our dossier. Europe has changed over their -- the framing of their medical device regulation. They call it, EU MDR. It's relatively new for the world. As a result, projecting exact timing to get those clearances is a little different relative to historical norms. We don't anticipate it completing in 2022. That's just -- it's a little bit of what's the odds game, but we think it's several quarters to finish, mostly because it's new for the regulators and it's new for us. On the point of how is Ion ongoing, it's being driven right now on the single indication of biopsy and bronchoscopy. I think it's driving well because it meets a need. I think alternate technologies manual and robotic are less capable. And we see a lot of peer-to-peer word of mouth that is driving interest and that's backed by data like the PRECIsE trial. So that's been helpful for us. A lot of our focus here has been developing our manufacturing capacity, continuously improving the product in terms of usability, quality, robustness and efficacy. And the teams are doing a great job and working extremely hard to do all of those things make sure that we can maintain supply and improve. I'm just delighted with what they're up to. They are both increasing capacity and improving robustness and quality simultaneously. So that's been wonderful, and I think we have room. We're seeing the combination of Ion bronchoscopic evaluation combined with robotic surgery thereafter sometimes people do it on the same day. And that has seen some real value for patients. It's not every part of the patient population, but there are some patients for whom that's a good solution. And we see a lot of excitement. So the tie-through of Ion diagnostics with follow-through treatment is creating patient value. It's shortening the time to definitive answers and then a surgery if a surgery is indicated. So that's been great. We think Ion as a platform has multiple future indications that it can provide clinical value that it can bring and we are pursuing them assertively in various places. We are not yet publicly describing what those things are in part because we have some technology to develop in part there's some regulatory pathways in and it's a competitive space. And so we're working down those elements. As we get a little closer have a little bit better visibility into which ones when then we'll be sure to share.
Gary Guthart: There's absolutely a relationship between procedure growth and demand, and increased utilization on capital, right? And it's inversely related. If you have lower utilization, you sell more capital to do the same number of procedures. We have believed and have pursued assertively that while higher utilization decreases the number of systems that we sell, it increases the utility the economic value derived by our customers to get higher throughput. And so we put programs in both in terms of design and workflow, as well as consulting services to help them get higher utilization. We've been doing that for years. It's a number that, you can move in a sustained way but it's hard to move quickly. And I'll turn it over to Jamie shortly, who'll talk a little bit about what the trend line and utilization growth has been. But from an intent point of view, we are happy to see increased utilization, even if that pressures near-term capital because it creates better ROI conditions for our customers. And from a pure marginal economics point of view at Intuitive, the marginal economics work out well for us too. So it's a win-win even though at the top line in placements, it may look like pressure. So then you had asked the question kind of what is peak utilization, and how do you think about that. I'll also turn it over to Jamie. It has a lot to do with mix and operating conditions in the hospital. It's a little bit less a technology question, a little bit more how they use it. So Jamie, perhaps a little bit on utilization.
Gary Guthart: If the quota, is responsive to demand we think demand is high and the question is how responsive to that demand is the central government quota when they do it. Sorry, Larry go ahead. 
Gary Guthart: Just a tiny bit of color on that capping sentence, the current situation -- it's a little bit hard to predict the future, because there's enough moving parts that determining what or forecasting exactly how it will move is probably difficult at this moment. Currently, the number of parts that are under stress has decreased, but the intensity of the stress around a few parts has increased. So, the issue of -- the number of things that are a challenge is narrowing, but the ones that remain are more stubborn. And Jamie, your point of we use various tools whether it's buying ahead, buying safety stock, or redundancy and supply chain. We'll use any and all of those if we can to help mitigate the risk.
Gary Guthart: The -- I won't speak to the quantitative approach. And perhaps Jamie you have a perspective. But just to give you a little bit of a qualitative view, many of the hospitals out there that are greenfields, while they may not have one of our programs today are part of an integrated delivery network that somewhere in the system they have our products and knowledge. The way we work with that is collaboratively with IDN leadership. As they start to understand what the value of the programs are, they will start to move within their own system our products into locations they care about. And so we've seen a really nice move and collaborative expansion with our customer base into those spaces. Increasingly, we have conversations about moving into different sites of care, especially as benign -- general surgery procedures and some other procedures that are benign and often done in smaller ambulatory environments become more prevalent in our workspace we see that improving over time. So we think we can follow our customers where they want to go. There is the concentrating effect of robotics and capital investment. It is capital investment. When that happens it does concentrate regionally those patients and procedures into Centers of Excellence. We think that's good for our customer to get higher utilization. We think it's good for surgical outcomes because they get more practice. So I think it's a combination of the two. I don't think we just look at it and think we have to go to where every patient is today. We do think consolidation helps and works but it will expand from where it is in this moment. Jamie, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Gary Guthart: A little color on that. I think over the mid-term, we're really excited about it. Over the near term, it takes more. Thank you, Drew. That was our last question.
Gary Guthart: In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the Quadruple Aim: better more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients; better experiences for their care teams; and ultimately a lower total cost to treat. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months. This concludes the call.
Jamie Samath: Yes. If I just look back at last year 2021 there's about 500-ish trade-ins done globally. Of that about 80% were transactions in the US, so you can just kind of get a sense of the degree to which the US has driven the trade-in cycle. As I said in my prepared remarks as of the end of Q1 there's about 268 SIs left in the US in the installed base. And so you can kind of use those two data points to some estimate of how that will play out overtime.  As you start to get towards kind of the end of the tail of remaining SIs, that they probably last for a little longer than kind of the average when you're in the middle of the distribution. But that's what I'd say with respect to trade-ins. I think Amit you had a question on greenfields. The way I would think about it in the US is, you kind of have your procedure estimates that you can take from our range. You can apply the usual model with respect to utilization. That gives you some sense of how the installed base might expand. And so, you can kind of do that calculation. That obviously is a mix of greenfields and incrementals. And I would just reflect in that model then what is the potential risk from what we highlighted with respect to the softening US capital pipeline that we saw in Q1. 
Jamie Samath: If I just go back to pre-COVID for a second Rick, if you look at 2019 average system utilization grew by 5% over 2018. If I look at recent times and use the CAGR approach to kind of normalize for COVID last year on a two-year CAGR basis in 2021 utilization grew by 4% this past quarter on a three-year CAGR basis. Again back to 2019 grew by 4%. So you can see some relative consistency there. With respect to looking forward, I think that there is some dependency on the institution the procedure mix within the institution. General surgery in combination with Xi gives you the opportunity to drive utilization differently than a different procedure mix particularly given the lower procedure times in some of the benign low-acuity procedures. But it also reflects the number of surgeons that are trained and the commitment of the possible to drive asset utilization. If you look at the distribution of utilization today it's relatively wide. I think there are a number of CFOs and hospitals that on a medium-term basis see opportunities to continue to drive utilization up and we are supportive of that. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. With respect to what we saw with -- in procedures in Q1 as you saw the COVID cases rises in places like Shanghai. And as the authorities locked down and they locked down pretty strictly, we saw procedures impacted in March. That's continued so far into April although it's obviously early. I think that there's risk in procedures in Q2 relative to what you would expect without COVID and those lockdowns. China is our second-biggest marketplace, but it's still a relatively small proportion of overall procedures. US is still about 70% of global procedures. But certainly the way things look right now you have some impact in Q2. What that ends up being really depends on how long the lockdowns last and how long COVID persists in China. I think a separate risk is kind of the impact of logistics and supply chains as we deliver product to China and from a more macro perspective just the port closures and the broader impact that we could see in China given the degree of exports they have just generally across the economy. With respect to the China quota difficult to predict. The last couple of times the quota has been issued in the third year of the quota period, which would be next year. We don't have great visibility into when that might be. And we don't have honestly great visibility into what the number would be. I don't think we are expecting or planning on a situation where we are exempt from a quota. But again we don't have great insights to how that will play out. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. I would just maybe ground the impact of inflation a couple of ways. If you look back at history, our gross margin has been in, let's say, the 71%-ish range versus what we just guided 69% to 70.5%. And there's really two drivers in the gap between our history and that range. One are the investments we're making in fixed costs in infrastructure and manufacturing capacity, that's being invested effectively for long-term need. So some of that is ahead of when we will need it. But the lead times require that we put that in place ahead of time. The second impact is this impact from the supply chain and inflation in the form of logistics costs, higher component prices, et cetera. I can't give you perfect kind of delineation between the two. I would say roughly slightly more of that the impact of that gap is on the fixed cost side. The remainder is in inflation supply chain impacts. With respect to how we're managing through the supply chain, there are significant efforts by our operations team just to respond to the whack-a-mole that you described. It's a constant battle of issue resolution. And our number one goal as Gary described is to ensure continuity of supply to customers. So that's where our efforts and focus is. As the supply chain environment rebalances in whatever point that is in the future, certainly, we will kind of refocus our operations teams to focus on cost reductions, getting our manufacturing efficiencies back to our targets. But that's going to really be a question of when will that be. On the inventory side, you saw us actually increase inventories. I referenced in my prepared remarks almost $70 million sequentially. The mix of that though is clearly not perfect. We're replenishing inventory where we can if and as supply lasts. But we have an imbalance currently. Certainly, if you look at the medium to long-term, we're going to look carefully at what levels of inventory we want to hold, as one risk mitigation. I think the other thing we'll look at is, how do we make ourselves less dependent on sole suppliers.
Jamie Samath: The only thing I would say is the remaining greenfields tend to be -- this is not always the case, but tend to be more in the rural setting, smaller number of beds. So what I think we've seen over the last three, four quarters as Gary described is actually increases in the number of placements of greenfield accounts. These are hospitals as Gary said that are within existing IDNs. And that's largely a function of the success and experience those IDNs have had with benign procedures particularly in general surgery, which tend to be a higher mix in these rural hospitals. And so they see the opportunity for effective robotics programs in that setting, whereas, before maybe there was more skepticism or the financial picture was more challenging. We'll do that carefully and in conjunction with our IDN partners and it has to be one that makes economic sense for us and for the customer. On the ASC side, we have a relatively small but growing installed base. Our procedure growth at ASCs in the US is accretive, but that's probably because the number of systems that we have at hospitals or ASCs is relatively low. Those ASCs generally are ASCs affiliated in some way with our IDNs. That gives us greater confidence in those accounts.
