Gary Guthart: Yes, I'm going to turn that first question over to Jamie. Thanks Marcus. Jamie why don't you go and then I'll add a few thoughts thereafter.
Gary Guthart: Yes, in terms of early feedback, we’re hearing, I think what we were hoping for in terms of our design intent. They're appreciating the improvements to precision and imaging, to workflow and the team's efforts on human factors design and user interface, strong commentary on ergonomics, and I think force feedback is something that is new and will create opportunities to really understand the clinical implications of force application during surgery. I think that will be exciting and powerful over time. I think it's really hard for us, sitting where we are today, to predict the depth and timing of a replacement cycle. We're excited. I think that folks are excited about what's the potential of the product. That said, Xi is great. Xi has a lot of clinical indications, and we're going to have some supply constraints here as we work through our launch. Jamie, I don't know if there's anything you'd like to add to that.
Gary Guthart: Yes, thanks. Larry, there's three things that are going on for us. One of them is optimizing the supply chain, get -- making sure that we have the quality that we want that will for sure go through all of ‘24 in some part of the early part of ’25, so that's one. The second thing is -- we want to incorporate feedback from our customers. We want to make sure that we're adjusting the things that we need to adjust to make sure that they're highly satisfied. And then the last thing is we have additional feature content and hardware improvements and other things that are planned that our design teams are going to execute on, whether it's software or other updates or some of the things we can do in imaging that we want to do as we bring it through. So it's kind of a three-part set of activities, and we think it's pretty well planned out. I wouldn't expect big changes from our plan, and if there are changes in the future, then we'll be sure to talk about them.
Gary Guthart: Yes, our first thought here and bringing the system to market has been to allow surgeons to go deeper into the existing indications we have already. So the indications for da Vinci 5 largely mirror the Xi index indications that we had already. But we do think that it will invite new surgeons and care teams into robotic assisted surgery. I think it allows us to deepen our relationship with that customer base, and we're excited about it. In terms of core capabilities, da Vinci 5 has some really core things. Better imaging that right now, today, it's better, and will get better over time. Precision and high performance and tracking performance allows for really subtle and fine surgical motions. And we think that's really powerful in its core. It's a core capability. Faster workflow opens new opportunities for people, too. So we do think there are additional clinical indications we can pursue. We are evaluating them. We have not finalized on everything yet. And likely they will require conversations with FDA. So we're not prepared at this time to tell you what they might be, but as we get a little closer and work through it then we'll describe it once we've settled our approach.
Gary Guthart: In terms of raw capability, I think that it will help care teams acquire skills more quickly and it also helps them in the case. As you can kind of think of that as contact sensitive help. The device is kind of aware of where it is and what it's doing and can share that information with the care team, so that as they're doing things, whether it's changing tools or setting it up, it provides real-time help to help guide them through it. And I think that's a really good thing. It just makes it easier to use. Our Intuitive hub has integration, technologies that start with da Vinci 5 and will get better over time as we release software updates and hardware updates. And so that starts to close an analytical loop for our customers from what they're seeing in the case to video review to video analytics to feeding back information to their phones and their laptops and whatever their means are consuming that data is. So that gives them an analytical loop, which should also help. And we'll also continue to evolve our simulation training and some of our other packages, our online learning, that will help them as well. So I think all of this is going to take a little bit of time, but I think the design concept, I think our designers did a beautiful job. I think the design concept of integrating these ideas, making it easy for care teams, for surgeons to follow that journey should help us. Final point I'll make is that in our labs and during our early experience with da Vinci 5, it looks like forced reflection helps novice, new to robotics, new to robotics assistant surgery, require their skills faster. So it should invite more surgeons in and ease their journey. It remains to be proven. It's not done and done, but we think it's encouraging. And so stay tuned. I think keep asking that question and as the data starts to come out, we'll be pleased to share it with you.
Gary Guthart: Yes, let me share my perspective. Rick, thanks for the question, and then Brian, I'll kick it to you to talk about the range. I think what we can tell you is what we see and what we've seen is continued deceleration such that it's flat year-over-year. There are a lot of opinions out in the field and we can all talk to them. I think the reality is nobody really knows yet. We're going to have to look through it together and as a result it's going to be dynamic. We do know that bariatric surgery is well tolerated and it's a good option and we also know that people are interested in pharmaceuticals and that the pharmaceuticals work as long as you take them for a subset of the population and then stop working if you don't. What that means for future surgery, I think there's a range of opinions and I would not hang a lot of confidence on any of them just yet. And that's why we have a range. And Brian, perhaps you can just touch on how you see bariatric surgery affecting the range. Just reiterate that, if you would.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I think as we add capabilities and time, we have some imaging things that we want to do. We have some things in terms of software upgrades and analytics power and some things we want to do in terms of integration. That's much more likely to be ‘25 and later than ‘24. A lot of ‘24 will be making sure that we and our suppliers feel great about what we've got and then adapting to any immediate feedback that we see.
Gary Guthart: Yes, yes, I'm actually here in Europe, have been for the last couple of weeks talking to SP surgeons here, I think the early uptake and early excitement is quite palpable. Where we've had broad indications, as you know, in Korea and now Japan, we've seen a nice uptake in adoption and good study, good clinical study. And I think that the surgeons here are building on that. They're learning from and adapting what they see in the rest of the world and getting excited about it. So I'm encouraged. How deep that goes? It's still early days here in Europe, we will see. But we're starting to see fairly long case studies in things like colorectal surgery coming out of Asia and other places. We have submitted, as Jamie had mentioned, for an additional indication in the United States, we have another one coming. We have IDE trials ongoing. So we have some national experiments to see what occurs. We know the experiment in Korea has worked out well. We're in process in Japan and now we're in the early experience for broad indications in Europe. That should help us generate data and accelerate additional indications over time in the U.S. And I have to say, I think It remains a build for SP, but I'm encouraged by the build.
Gary Guthart: Yes, it's a good question, Thank you. This is approximate, not specific, so take it with some error bars. But, you know, I think what you're going to see in force feedback study is going to be a progression. You'll see narrow series, single institution studies come out first that are kind of directional. They talk about what they're seeing in their own, and then you'll see a little bit, and that should be the kind of thing that comes out in the next 12 months. And then over the next period after that, over the next couple of years, you'll see multiple center trials that are comparing in a little more structured way. So I think you can predict the path of the journey, but I think this is something that you're going to see from narrower input to start to broader input in the next year to prospective studies that start to report over the next year after that. So I think it's a build, but I think it's going to be a powerful build in the end. I think with regard to efficiencies, we're hearing anecdotal reports already that the surge in autonomy features that are in da Vinci, the ability for them to control their own field and to control the equipment, the Hansler equipment in the room has been really positive and they're reporting efficiencies already. I think real-world evidence is going to be powerful on the efficiency side. I think that's the kind of thing that people can benchmark their own cases. We also our data collection capabilities between Intuitive Hub and the My Intuitive app allow them to measure that very quickly. So I think you'll see the real-world evidence of that build and it will be in the coming months and quarters and that will be exciting for us.
Gary Guthart: I'll jump in and then Jamie take it. I think that in the prepared remarks, we had said you had a nice capital placement year and we had a bolus of post-COVID comeback into Q1. I think the uncertainty part of this is really just going to be what the inpatient volumes look like in the next quarters of 2024. In other words, just the patient census as it comes through. But you're right, I think that it's an indicator of capacity. So depending what that patient census looks like, that'll determine the high end and the low end of utilization growth in terms of how many procedures people want to put on those systems. Sorry Jamie, go ahead, you might discuss the modeling there.
Gary Guthart: Okay, that was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians, and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim. Better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Jamie Samath: Yes where we saw particular strength regionally was in the U.S. and the U.K. in particular. What you also see in OUS markets, as Brian described, is this continuing growth in procedures beyond urology. That first is focused on cancer procedures, colorectal thoracic, hysterectomy, some early stage growth in benign in our international markets. So the combination of those things, I think, were behind the performance in Q1. And as you kind of look at then the inputs from the teams, as we get feedback from our customers, I think then we kind of reflect that in the rest of the guidance. Obviously, the guidance is only up a point at the low and the high end of the range, so something we're watching carefully.
Jamie Samath: Yes. I think the first dynamic is trading-ins. Given the limited supply in dV 5, those placements will be, during the measured launch, focused on incremental placements. So not a lot of trade activity coming from dV 5. And if you look at what's left in the install base for our third gen SI, you've got about 350 systems globally, of which 50 are in the U.S. So we do expect trading volumes to be down quite a bit in ‘24. With respect to overall system placements, I know we made the comments on the last call, but generally we don't guide system placements, so we'll let you run that through your models given the updated procedure guidance. But certainly we've acknowledged that placements could be choppy, while we're constrained on dv 5. In Q1, we didn't really see any customers pushing back on I don't want an Xi, we want to wait for dV 5. But since the launch, which obviously was only in March, we've had our Connect conference, we've had SAGES this week, a significant number of surgeons and executives have now seen dV 5 put their hands on it. So we're acknowledging that customers may choose to wait. We don't have enough evidence or indication yet to see which way that will go.
Jamie Samath: It is, and it's a combination of graspers and needle drivers, and those instruments are used in very common tasks, dissection, retraction and suturing.
Jamie Samath: Yes, it's primarily a function of the competitive environment we've described with the domestic robotic players. What we actually have now given last year, we qualified a domestically manufactured Xi is actually some segmentation between the domestically manufactured product and an imported product. And the domestic product gives us the opportunity to both participate in tenders that require a locally produced system, but also allows us to segment on price. But the primary impact on China pricing is really competition. And you kind of see that theme broadly with other MedTech players in terms of the impact of VBP. It doesn't apply in this case, but kind of the macro theme of pricing pressure does.
Jamie Samath: Yes, I'd say it was a partial recovery in the quarter -- we haven't completely resolved both catheter supply and the vision probe. We still have a little bit of backlog in terms of number of systems that's pending, kind of, stabilization of that supply. With respect to where are we placing those systems, it's actually a blend between existing accounts and new accounts. We still have a number of opportunities for what I call green field accounts. So both are a focus for the sales team.
Jamie Samath: I would just say that if you look at Q1 utilization over an extended period, look at what the CAGR is versus the year-over-year comparison, you see that stuff to be in a more normal range of 3% to 4%. I do think that in the year ago quarter, you had a number of institutions that actually stepped themselves up to do sprints with respect to their ability to treat patients. And so I do think that was elevated and at that level of utilization growth of 13%, it wasn't particularly sustainable. So as I look forward to the rest of the year, I'd expect some levels of utilization growth that let's say are closer to our long-term averages. There's still some patient backlog benefit in the year-ago quarters, even in Q2 and Q3. So it's not perfectly matched, but I think there's room for normalization over time.
Jamie Samath: Yes, we have some work to put eye on at a point where it's actually available to sell, so that will take us some time. We're not expecting to have commercialization really until the back half of 2024. And China is a market where, like many cases, when we launch a new product in a market, we do that progressively as we kind of build our infrastructure in terms of training capabilities and engage with customers. So I'd say back up at ‘24 is when you start to see the potential for Ion placements in China.
