Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s second quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 6, 2017 and 10-Q filed on April 19, 2017. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights; Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results; Patrick will discuss procedure and clinical highlights; then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2017; and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2017. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we estimated full year 2017 procedure growth of 12% to 14% above the approximately 752,000 procedures performed in 2016. Now, based largely upon continued strong results in US growth and mature procedure categories in China, we are increasing our estimate for 2017. We now anticipate full year 2017 procedure growth within a range of 14% to 15%. During the second half of the year, we expect our procedure growth rate to moderate, in part, due to one fewer operating day during the third quarter. As we move into the second half of the year, we also expect contributions from China and Japan to temper until we obtain a new quota and place additional systems in China and obtain additional procedural reimbursements in Japan. With regards to system placements, a record high of 27 of the 166 second quarter system placements were structured as operating leases. In the second half of 2017, we expect the proportion of systems placed under operating leases will continue to increase. The average selling price per system sold outright will vary quarter-to-quarter based upon factors, including product, regional and trading mix. With increasing placements into cost-sensitive markets, we expect that our average system selling price will continue to trend gradually lower in the back half of 2017. As Marshall mentioned, no amounts were either deferred or released in Q2 related to our da Vinci X trade-in program. Going forward, we expect to defer no further revenue related to this program and expect to release and recognize substantially all of the $23 million accrued during the first quarter by the end of this year. Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2017 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 70% and 71% of net revenue. We are now modestly raising the top end of the range and expect pro forma gross profit margin to be between 70% and 71.5% of net revenue. Turning to operating expenses. As we have described previously, we have accelerated our investments in several strategic areas that will benefit the company over the long-term. Accordingly, we have ramped our operating expenses as we focus on execution. On our last call, we forecast pro forma 2017 operating expenses to grow at the higher end of a range between 15% and 18% above 2016 levels. We continue to expect results at the high end of the range between 17% and 18% for the year. On our last call, we forecast our non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $190 million and $200 million in 2017. Now based upon updated Black Scholes evaluation estimates, we expect our non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $200 million and $210 million. We expect 2017 other income to be between $35 million and $40 million, compared to the $30 million to $35 million range forecast on our last call. With regard to income tax, we now expect our 2017 pro forma income tax rate to be between 28% and 29.5% of pre-tax income, higher than our previous guidance of 26.5% to 28.5% based upon a higher anticipated mix of US pre-tax profits. During Q2, we had 38.4 million diluted shares outstanding for EPS calculations, roughly equal to the first quarter as the share reduction related to the full quarter impact of the Q1 accelerated share buyback was mostly offset by the dilutive effects of our higher stock price. As a result of our higher stock price, we don't expect the ultimate number of shares received and retired when the ASR closes later this year to vary significantly versus the 2.4 million shares already retired in January. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: What I say, I mean, is that you have such strong procedure growth and such demand for access to systems among the surgeon population that in a lot of cases when hospitals are seeking to acquire new systems, they look at the procedures and the surgeons that they want to be able to do within their robotics program. And Si can still serve a broad range of patients and can help them facilitate that. So they tend to be buying more incremental systems than trading in.
Calvin Darling: And just quickly from the modeling perspective that you asked. Beware of using our past experience with our Xi and previous system launches as the model for what's going to happen now, because it's a different world where you have, again, consolidated hospital networks that can align certain procedure characteristics with sets of procedures with a lot more ability to do so now than in the past. So it could very well follow a different pattern this go around than it has in the past. 
Calvin Darling: Two important thoughts here. One is in order to be able to do a surgery like a dVP in an outpatient setting, first off, that has to be done in a minimally invasive fashion, so that you can have the patient be able to recover quick enough to get out of that setting. The second thing is you – outpatient is really a billing setting, not necessarily a side of care differentiator. What we see over time is that as programs mature in the robotics capacity, they have array of systems that can both serve really complex inpatient surgeries, like thoracic or colorectal. And they have sufficient volume of outpatient procedures like the ones you mentioned in hernia and gynecology and you could potentially dVP where you have a technique and a surgeon capable of getting a result that can get the patient out in the same day. You'll see them actually put systems in a multiple different types of settings. Typically, still under the hospitals umbrella because they're the ones who have the capability of treating the range of patients who come in with different complexities, they might be either inpatient or outpatient. But it's usually by product maturity of the program as opposed to a specific reimbursement event.
Gary Guthart: I don't think we'd call out anything surprising here. We had indicated to you in prior quarters that we think cost sensitive customers, particularly in Europe are going to be interested and that remains so. It may have broader rebate than that over time.
Gary Guthart: I think it's the former. We're seeing – first of all, I think the consolidation of US customers into IDNs means that the negotiations are often happening when they are up. And I think they're looking across their portfolio of MIS opportunities and making decisions in broader settings. I think it's a continuation of a trend we've been seeing over the past several quarters.
Gary Guthart: On the SP regulatory question, we are targeting 510(k) for urology in the back half of the year. There's a data collection going on at the IDE sites for transoral robotic surgery and some lab based clinical development for other procedures, as well as the trial site in Asia. We haven't yet publicly projected our timelines for submissions after the urology 510(k). There will be a set that come. It will be months, not years after the 510(k) submission. What that looks like will depend on the speed of closure of the clinical trial data and some of the conversations with FDA about what kind of submissions they'd like and we're not ready yet to anchor down those dates.
Gary Guthart: So, first to the question of which regions matter, we think it will have a global appeal, but I think you're right that United States and China and then Europe will be interesting. In terms of timing, a lot of it will be predicated on regulatory pathways and what kind of data requirements there are. We think there are real opportunities in China. We're going to make sure that we do that right with our joint venture partner. We likewise, think there is in the US and not ready yet to call when the launch dates are for both sets, because of negotiations with clinical trial results. Europe likewise, I think there's a little bit of uncertainty right now as to what kind of submission package will be required and that's one of the things we're in the midst of working out both internally and we have conversations with regulatory authorities over time. We will do a controlled launch when we're ready. So we've told you don't model any revenue into ‘18. We have not yet published and are not ready to publish when the final launch will be. We'll let you know as we get closer to some of the certainty on regulatory timelines.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the X margins, X margins, we had communicated before, typically, when we introduce a new product you see a little bit of a decrease in the margin and then we work to improve it over time. You should – we did not expect as much of a decrease in margins due to X. X, as we said really is a result of putting together the parts that are already manufactured for other system. And so, we have worked out most of the cost effectiveness with that. As far as total margins, yeah, the total margin came down a little bit due to the mix of systems. I think it exceeded our expectations just because of the overall strength of procedures and the drive of - and it's driving instrument and accessory revenue above our original expectations.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Just in broad brushes, it's a family member in the da Vinci family and a lot of – we believe a lot of the learning and skills will be portable from one of the family members to the other part. They're not identical. So, there'll be some learning that goes through that transition. We think experienced da Vinci surgeons will find that transition to be pretty manageable. What that looks like and how it's finally framed will evolve as we finish our clinical trials and our validations. But I'd expect a lot of that to be portable. I think in terms of rollouts, we'll be at a controlled rollout when we come out. And part of that controlled rollout will be for data generation at the first sites, and also we'll have some constraints due to what our labelling will be at the first launch given the regulatory sequence and pathway. Feedback from the clinical trial sites has been really good about usability of the system and meeting the expectations they had for what they believe they could do with that clinically. So far, so good there, and we also get pretty good insight into the characteristics of the system vis-à -vis what they're used to on Si and Xi and kind of the response to your initial question.
Gary Guthart: We’ve also been in Japan for some number of years here and I think there's a little bit of building capacity in hopes of broader reimbursements over time.
Gary Guthart: Let me speak to our intent a little bit, and I'll ask Calvin to jump in on the modeling side. For us, our thought process really has been to enable accounts with technologies and support that help them get to their clinical goals and in support their MIS and MIS program goals. And if they can do that effectively with Si, we're happy to support them in that regard. If they want to add capacity or grow the system capability in some way that is benefited by our advanced technologies that helps us and drives a new system placement or new system sales. So our incentives aren't strongly built on trade-outs. Much more interested in aligning with how they want to build their programs and giving them access to technologies that make a difference in their procedures. That leaves the lumpiness and trade-outs and that's okay with us. Calvin, to the modeling, I just give a little time to think about it, go ahead. 
Gary Guthart: As X matures in the market, X maybe an opportunity for some folks who are happy with their capacity, but want to upgrade up to additional capabilities and that may provide an opportunity for us in future quarters.
Gary Guthart: Initially, the gross margin profile is not substantially different than our other products. So it kind of fits in nicely. I think what you are asking is, over time, could we see that there is pressure on the ultimate price that we charge for X? I think we'll see. We don't know. It's only been out in the market for a quarter and - but what we've said in the past is that we're about the market expansion and if there's the opportunities to expand the market at the expense of a little bit of price, we do that.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. How we think about sales force investments really varies by region and maturity of the market. So how we're building the sales team in Germany for example, will look kind of qualitatively different than what's happening in the United States. In general, the United States, we've had a stable structure growth in our key accounts teams, no surprise, and a little bit better stratification of levels in the force itself that gives us the opportunity to provoke and engage high level salespeople, at the same time bring in people who can support high-volume accounts that are premature. So the US is a well stratified sales force and Germany, in places like Japan, we're really at the basic building stages. And so the investments there are a little more filling empty slots and making sort of territory coverage’s is right.
Gary Guthart: I think, at the top line, what's going on here is, high belief in value of the procedures and the technology and a willingness to expand the number of hours that people are able to get procedures. I think the biggest effect is that which is a willingness to work on weekends and for them to expand to after-hours use of devices. That will dwarf the underlying which procedures in the mix. But Marshall, you can clean up that answer, if you like. 
Gary Guthart: I think there's also an opportunity for us to learn from their experiences, which is under capital constraint, what kinds of barriers can they remove to get both good outcomes and high volumes. And I think that's exciting for us. And we have an open mind toward how we're approaching it.
Gary Guthart: In terms of maturity, there are some that have been going through clinical trials and have a lot of data behind them and others that are using kind of existing data sources. So the one that has the most structured data so far is gastrectomy, and that is going to be exciting for us over time. It's a real market in Japan. The prevalence is quite high, and so we have good hopes and optimism that, that will go through the process. Other categories are things like GYN oncology, which is of interest, saw lobectomy, Calvin, there are some others that…
Gary Guthart: Yeah. So I think the interest in broad use of da Vinci in Japan is very high. We do not have assurance of that MHLW will accept it in the next insurance cycle. Although, so far, so good. And we don't have assurance that the reimbursement levels will be any particular level. And again, so far, the indicators are pretty good for us, but that's still a work in process from the government's evaluation point of view. And we stand by to support the surgical societies to answer questions for them as they need it.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the first one, this really is something around what gives us a little bit of freedom of – a little more freedom about what we can claim in our materials. And so it allows us to be a little bit more specific versus the general. And so for us, we think that, that just clarifies what our teams can speak about. And so we think it's an incremental positive, it's a small positive, I think the data underlying it is supportive, and the interactions with FDA, I think are ultimately helpful for the whole process. This is one of a set of specific indications that we have pursued over the last couple of years. And we do have a pipeline of the next set of things we want to do and get aligned. And we have not publicly disclosed what those are and what the order is, but I guess what I'd tell you is I expect more to come. And again, I think it's a healthy process between us and the agency to supply data as we get it and that allows us a little more specific capability in terms of what we talk about.
Gary Guthart: Sure. Yeah, we are working on additional staplers besides the ones that are in the market. We have a 30 and a 45. Remember, staplers are characterized by not only their length but also the length of the staples that go into jaw. There are a set of things that we're working on beyond that. We do think that there are opportunities to build staplers that can have broader use in general surgery. We have not yet predicted or publicly disclosed what the expected time lines are. We do have to take note of the enrolment and those things. Approach maturity will share with you where we are. 
Gary Guthart: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. I think the short answer is no. I can't provide an update. The data is being analyzed. The clinical teams that are there are preparing abstracts and they will decide, which meeting they want to show it. And once they made a decision, then we're happy to share it with you. As we said last time, the results were very positive for us. We were really happy with what we saw. I think the scientific principal investigators need the chance to write their manuscripts and analyze the data and present it in a way that makes sense to them. So we will wait for that, and as we get clarity there, we're sure to share it with you.
Gary Guthart: Sure. I think what we can bring in our concept and our technology here is a couple of things. One is we have novel sensing technologies that allow us to sense all the way along the catheter length with a high degree of certainty. That helps us in terms of understanding and navigating tortuous pathways. That's one. The second thing is the use of robotic assistance gives you stability and navigation capabilities that are very hard to do manually, and so those are technical benefits. What could they result in, in terms of clinical benefits? The hope there is that you can get to more distal locations that are otherwise hard to get to in tortuous pathways and that are more accurate in terms of tissue sampling because you have high degree of stability and better imaging and targeting now. Those claims have to be backed up, and so that's the hypothesis. And that's the set of trials and data and analysis that we’re going after. And I think people are excited about flexible technologies in general by some of the technologies that our competitors and other med companies have put out there. I think the excitement is there. And the question is, can you go a little further and get a little more predictability. And we think we have technologies and capabilities that can do that.
Gary Guthart: So I think the question was, either there's a fair number of Sis in the system in the quarter despite the availability of X.
Gary Guthart: Right? I think, first, while we were pleased with approval timelines of X in the U.S. and Europe, there are still many markets that X is not yet approved in. So some of the Sis are just purchases by folks whose choices were Si or Xi. In the case of China, it's – their choices Si right now, not Xi. So some of it is just that. In other cases, some of the negotiations are multi-quarter negotiations and are right at the endpoint. And so they will finish the transaction based on where they started. Those are opportunities for us to go back to those customers over time. That's one of the reasons that we had the revenue deferral and the offers for people to evaluate whether they want to make a change. So that's mostly what the dynamics are.
Gary Guthart: Just a little color commentary on X. I think the customer base and our field understood well what X is, what its benefits are, I think. The logic of X is well understood and where it fits in the line is well understood. And we're pleased with that.
Gary Guthart: Thanks, Travis. Well, that was our last question. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our colonization’s focus remains an increasing value by enabling surges to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve the surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: Hey, Tycho, I think we continue to believe that our prostatectomy volumes are following broader prostate surgery trends. As you know, prostate surgery really only represents about third of all men diagnosed in the US with prostate cancer. So time to time you’ll see movements between watchful waiting, radiation and surgery. We think – mostly you've seen the procedures recover from the prior USPSTF decision in 2012, where we worked through patients who had the disease progress. We think at this stage you're just seeing general small movements between populations period-to-period.
Marshall Mohr: Okay. China quota, there is no new news here. It is as we’ve stated before, the quota system involves, first the government – is tied up in the overall government – the government's overall planning process. They did approve their budget in December. We – after that, it then rolls through a series of decisions about province spending, as well as hospital spending and then eventually we'll hear something about a quota. We don't know when that will be and what we would caution is that you put anything in the models for this year, frankly, because last time, when the quota was approved, it took some time before the tender offers that the hospitals have to go through to get them done.
Marshall Mohr: As far as headcount goes, David, we ended the quarter with 4,108 employees. That was up a little over 100 from the last quarter end, and it was 19% year-over-year and it really does vary up with the strategic investments that we're making in the business on that side. The majority of the investments were in our product operations group in the quarter.
Marshall Mohr: Japan has a very diffused healthcare system and hospital network systems, so they're not very concentrated in terms of where the patients are. So – and while we are at a high level of penetration in dVP, we still have a lot of pockets of patients who are treated in fairly remote areas in local hospitals. So they continue to buy systems, even be able to access some of the mainly urology patients that are out there.
Marshall Mohr: It's absolutely right. I mean, this is all about – it's a theoretical capacity that you're quoting. And that capacity – that theoretical capacity is based on just averages that we see around the world. Be careful of averages, and in China, they are operating on Saturdays, Sundays and late at night in order to get things done. So I think Gary's answer is right.
Marshall Mohr: And then, Travis, the other point to think about is just – the lumpy of the accruals came mid quarter, so I think Europe was in the beginning of practical and the U.S. was the beginning of May, so you didn't really have a full quarter to get out, get the team in and communicate to all your customers what X is relative to other products that may have already been in a long sales cycle.
Marshall Mohr: Actually, what we’ve said is that expense growth – operating expense growth will grow 18% for the year.
