Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 02, 2018 and 10-Q filed on July 20, 2018. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events section, under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results. Then I will discuss procedures and clinical highlights, and provide our updated financial outlook for 2018. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I think it's really – I mentioned comparisons in the prepared remarks. We actually kind of crossed over that 30% growth in placements threshold last Q4. And so now, this is the first quarter we’re comparing against that kind of comparison. And so this is a little tougher, but like I said, we still expect seasonally strong fourth quarter.
Calvin Darling: Yes. Hi Vijay, it’s Calvin. Obviously, we will give our specific procedure guidance on our next call in January, but we do anticipate the drivers of procedure growth and 2019 to be fairly consistent with what we saw this year in 2018 and last year in 2017, namely U.S. general surgery, U.S. thoracic surgery and OUS procedures, broadly speaking driving the lion's share of growth. U.S. general surgery is now our largest specialty, yet as we’re describing, we’re in still fairly early stages for hernia repair with ventral and inguinal colorectal procedures as well and even earlier stages for some of the broader practice space procedures. On the OUS side, we’re investing in growth in the larger European countries. Japan, China, Korea, OUS driving growth. And when we talk about what can lead to some of the variability and the potential range of growth, would be obviously the pace and breadth of that U.S. general surgery growth, U.S. mature procedure trends, any change in the China systems quota, positive or negative. And then in Japan, the pace of adoption on the 12 new reimbursed procedures. End of Q&A
Gary Guthart: I think the procedure demand is of course the topline. And as we called out in the script, the sustained strength in some of the mature categories in urology and gynecology as well as general surgery really rising has been strong. I think the box placements in response to that increased procedure demand. From our perspective, we're happy to see utilization go up. We really view capital placements in mature markets as a way to enable the procedure market and so you're seeing that. Leases are then kind of fallout of that philosophy or hospitals that have good positions in their markets and are well run then we think giving them access where and when they need it at the terms that work for them and work for us helps facilitate the market and we've been willing to do that.
Gary Guthart: Yes. We'll give David a chance to jump back in queue a little later, but go ahead, sorry about that.
Gary Guthart: We're pleased with the progress in Japan. The – kind of the settle down growth rates are going to be a little bit hard to predict. Right now demand looks really good and I think the – it’s really the pipeline of activities from demand to clinical cases and up and running programs that’s the [limiting] step, some of that is training capacity and logistics, some of it is field support on our side, some of it is the depth of the surgeon proctoring network. Not all of the procedures that were reimbursed will adopt it, the same rates, nor will pursue them all at the same rate. And so there's a little bit of shakeout here as the priorities firm up. So far so good, but I really think there's a few quarters to go before this settles into a kind of a more predictable cadence. And if you have a follow-up, go ahead.
Gary Guthart: Good question. Some of the headcount growth is – roughly tracks to the procedure momentum that we're seeing. So there's field support that's required. There's the production side of instruments and accessories and there's training resources that go into product training. And so those things are kind of ratable and we get a little leverage out of them, but we want to make sure that we support our customer really well. So that's where you see the bulk of the hiring. And as procedure growth goes, we expect a little leverage there, but not a ton. There are also new platforms coming. We talked about in the script, SP and Ion, and those are deep technology efforts, supply chain efforts and so, some of the heads have gone into support of that set of activities as we go. It may well be the limiting step for growth of the Company is really the onboarding capability of really good people. So we watch it really carefully and care about it.
Gary Guthart: On the bariatric front, long-term we're really enthusiastic about, and in the near-term, we're optimizing a few things. We are optimizing the product portfolio in terms of some of the instruments that I mentioned in the script. So the Vessel Seal Extend and the SureForm 60. We're still in our first phase launch, which is building capacity in the supply side as well as working through our customer preference feedback. That will start to expand into 2019 and it will be a measured launch. In part, to make sure that our supply capabilities match demand and in part, to make sure that our salesforce is well balanced in terms of supporting general surgery customers in hernia, which is growing nicely and colorectal, which is growing nicely, so that we have a balanced approach to the general surgery market. So I wouldn't overbuild the near-term on it. I think in the long-term, it looks quite good. With regard to resolution on the quite – kind of the clinical approach question you asked underneath, sleeve versus bypass, a little too soon for us to work through it. Clearly, there's a mix in the market. How that mix applies to robotics? I think that's a question for future quarters. On cholecystectomy, just touching that. We have seen strength in multi-port chole, a decline in Single-Site cholecystectomy made up for – more than made up for by strength in multi-port. For us, it's hard to know how much of that is a part of new general surgeons coming in versus how much of it is surgeons adopting or changing their practice pattern for patients that they think are well suited to robotics. There is clearly a mix of both, and separating those two in terms of intent is very hard. So we mentioned it because growth numbers have been substantive. The sustainability of that growth, we're not ready to call yet.
Gary Guthart: And in terms of reporting, Tycho, we are including these alternative structures in with the operating leases, right. So they're all included in the overall operating lease number. They’re just – think of it as another form of operating lease.
Gary Guthart: Okay, I think the conversation we had last quarter was a kind of question of what inning are we in hernia, and I think we're still in the first half of the game, but out of the first couple of innings. And why do I say that? I think you're starting to see a fair amount of data that's being collected and things like registries that’s able to show clinical benefit. And we're seeing a fair amount of reorders from existing customers that does not appear that a lot of is just trailing. It looks like it’s – for those who have adopted their commitment to it appears to be pretty good. How deeply that goes into the total market in terms of what the total number of hernias out there is. We still are struggling a little bit understand what fraction of the total available market of hernias will settle into robotic-assisted surgery in terms of size of the herniation and bilateral versus unilateral inguinal hernia repair and so on some of the segments of the underlying market are not yet resolved. And so that's uncertain. We'll see as we go forward. But the data, so far and the surgeons taking this has been good. So that's what we were seeing last quarter, I think that that holds up this quarter. Turning to our Ion platform and as it relates to other products in the market. We made some decisions early on that that were really driven around, but we viewed as the clinical problem in pulmonology, which was the early detection of distal, meaning on the peripheral – on the further distant branches within the lung of suspicious lesions that are, give or take, a centimeter in size. And to do that, you need a really good sensing, which we did that was through our shape-sensing technology and some of the first partnering that acquisition and development of Luna sensor. And then it was depended strongly on the size of the catheter. So we make that decision based on understand the physiology of the lung. Understanding where those nodules were and hoping to understand what dimensional pulmonologists and thoracic surgeons really needed. That's what drove our architecture. We feel good about it. It’s possible technologically feasible to make a bigger catheter, making a bigger ones easier than making a smaller one, putting a permanent camera and if we needed to do that was all something that could be done and we chose not to. We chose to make it small and time will tell whether that was the right decision. I feel good about it. Last point, I'd make about the long space is that this is a space that has been looking at early diagnosis of lung cancer for some time and forward several commercial teams have gone in and promoted products several of which have disappointed. So I don't think it's a market that will move on what's said. I think it's a market that will move based on true capability and clinical evidence, and that's where our focus is. We feel good about where we are and we show what we think we can and I think that will determine success for us.
Gary Guthart: I would anticipate the kinds of challenges that are related to that sort of complex product launches that we specialize in. So I think the early launches will be a couple of things it will be engaging with sites that have a long-term commitment to clinical progress, data collection that's associated with that clinical progress. Stabilizing supply chains or these kinds of technologies is non-trivial. It's hard and it's important. And so we will do that for Ion for sure and stable supply chain allows you to support a larger customer base and also get your costs in line, and so that is routinely an exercise we need to do, and then building your technology training pipelines and the proctoring networks that are required to really expand launch. So those things are all in front of us in terms of Ion. That’s the challenge. The good news is that we have a history of engaging those challenges, and I think we’ll work through. And I miss the second part of the question.
Gary Guthart: Yes. We have a small specialty team within our existing force. Right now, that’s deeply trained in this space and linked to our other key account leadership and management, so they are deep where they need to be and connected where they need to be.
Gary Guthart: Sure. As we've said before for the last several years, we've increased our investments in imaging. I think imaging is important. I think it can really help change outcomes. And we do that routinely. We do it in the image sensors, in the endoscopes. We do it in the software that we use to process those images. In the way we tune images, we do it in our displays in our user interface. We are investing in molecules to expand our Firefly platform as you know. Molecules are just a way to increase the signal to noise for surgeons to detect structures they care about. Whether the things they want to take out or things they want to leave in and not disturb. Informatics works hand in hand with that, certainly in OR informatics. So we have built cloud capabilities over the years. As you know, we've been the Internet-of-Things for surgical robots for a decade now. Over 90% of our systems are Internet connected. So we have big data capabilities that we've built and we’ll continue to build. That allows us to do offline Informatics processing. And increasingly, we could use machine learning techniques and other things to do real-time capabilities. And of course over time that will give us the opportunity to do mixed reality or augmented reality features. How fast they come and where are the first markets are? We're not prepared to discuss yet. I think it's interesting and a long-term pathway. And so that's a step in that direction. We've known InTouch and have worked with them together for many years and this was a just the deepening of that relationship and the ability for us to build some real strength internally to Intuitive as we accelerate our cloud capability.
Gary Guthart: Good question. I don't really know the answer right now. I think we'll get some early data that will be out of a few sites that will be quarters not years. There are multi-center studies that integrate that up and go through peer review cycle of course will be years not quarters. So I think you'll see as we have in the past, increasing cadence of publication just depending a little bit on what the complexity of the process.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I think the focus upfront is two things. One is to work on expanded indications site. As you know, SP is a platform technology from our point of view. We have the first set of indications in neurology we submitted for the second set. In TransOral Robotic Surgery, we think there are other indications that will be important. So the first thing is to really make sure that we're putting systems out that will help us develop those indications over time. So that is important to us. Second thing is that SP is amongst the most sophisticated products. I've ever been personally associated with, certainly that Intuitive has brought to market, and making sure that that we really understand and well characterized what our technologies are, and we have a really good stable supply chain before we go abroad is really important to us. My enthusiasm over the long-term and the customer enthusiasm for its capabilities is very good. But I think we'll be measured in this next set of quarters. As indications come and as our confidence builds then of course we can always accelerate supply chain capacity, but we're going to take it in steps.
Gary Guthart: As I think about it, SP is more familiar customer base. I think it has really interesting core clinical capability, which is the ability to work in small spaces and parallel access. And I have been pleased with surgeon response which has been – now that I have a raw capability like this. There's some different approaches that maybe available to us and they're interested in developing the data that helps that. But I think that that’s – our visibility on that is probably a little better because we know the customer base quite well. As you look at Ion, I think Ion first is a diagnostic initial application that will have a little bit different set of dynamics for us as a company over time. I think the platform itself will have long legs. If you think about the ability to navigate tortuous pathways and inspect things using preoperative images which is kind of the core technology underneath. There are a lot of things that in the body could be interesting there. But it'll take some time to develop it and given that those are a different set of procedures that are different call points for us, that will take more development for us and frankly for the competitors in the space as that develops out. So that's a more nascent market. I think very interesting in long-term possibility. You kind of ask how bigger the total available markets for these two different things and how do we think about future market capacity. Those are highly uncertain. We of course, have models on them, we look at them. But as you know with us for years here that capability ultimately determines the total opportunity in the market and as capability is established with these things, we'll know better. As we get a little experience with them, we'll start to share with you our thoughts as the uncertainty starts to come down a little bit.
Gary Guthart: Generally, no big change. As we've said before, we think demand in China for our products is real. And we're excited about it, and we think the long-term opportunity there is great. We think the macro trade environment is pressured, and we think that that pressure does not help us. And so incrementally, a little more headwinds on the micro side at the – on the ground side, we continue to make incremental progress and we keep working within the environment we have to work.
Gary Guthart: In terms of customer response has been quite good. The things that we're pacing – if you ask another way to answer your question is what's pacing launch? And there are really two things that are pacing us. One is, staplers are sophisticated devices to make and you want to make sure that as you expand your supply capacity that you're doing it in a very high quality level. So we're doing that. The second one is that, we don't want to overwhelm our salesforce with enormous amounts of new and different products simultaneously. We want to give them time to be deep and be able to address customer interest and demand as it happens. Those are really the two pacing items.
Gary Guthart: Sure. My preference would have been that we had spent our full allotment now rather than understand. On the other hand, I'd rather spend it wisely, and spend it because I have it. Most of the spending has to do with human capital bring on staff and we're doing well. But there's kind of a natural rate for bringing on staff and we'll do it where we are bringing on outstanding, people and integrating them well. It's not so much a specific product or project that is impacted and it's not so much that prototype dollars just rolled from one spot to another. There's a little bit of that, but that is the dominant effect. But dominant effect is really modulating the growth of headcount and that has to do with the pipelines for bringing in town.
Gary Guthart: You asked a little bit of what does that imply for 2019 and as we said in our prepared remarks, we're seeing good procedure momentum in the marketplace and good demand and we want to make sure that we're able to meet that demand at high quality. We are not setting ourselves up to try to drive leverage in the 2019 model. Now we haven't finished all of that and we will do our spending models for 2019 into the next call. But directionally speaking, we want to make sure we can satisfy more demand here.
Gary Guthart: We continue to make progress on utilization on the systems that are in China. Last quarter, we talked about the China growth rate and procedures being fairly in line with the overall OUS growth rate, the low-20s. We're at a stage now or the moderation is at a moderate pace, if you will. And so you're gradually moving down from there I think.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the Xi upgrade cycle or the generation-four upgrade cycle, just roughly speaking, I don't know how many Si are out in the world, but give or take…
Gary Guthart: So I don't know exactly what I would say it sort of depends when we're done. But there is an installed base of Si over 2,000, that’s an opportunity for us as we go forward. I think your implication behind your training question is exactly right. Building train capability is heavy lifting. It's a combination of human capital, people who are good at training and what that looks like instead of processes to build that are valid and you have validated. And then proctoring networks and proctoring networks are your customers, our customers who are deeply experienced and have teaching capability and willing to teach others, and so we develop those things. We have built a set of tools internally that allowed us to gain some efficiency and being able to spread that capability into new markets, and so that helps us. And we think that doing that well and doing that efficiently is something that does worth the investment and we have done so. What is its long-term competitive advantage? I don't know exactly. But I believe it's important for our customer and therefore important for the Company. Perhaps just one last question and then we will close here.
Gary Guthart: All right. Well, thanks Calvin, thanks Vijay. That was our last question. As we've said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We've built our Company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand. And I assure you, we remain committed to driving about a few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
