Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. In this first quarter, our team has executed well, and we have had solid performance in procedures, system sales and the financial results that follow.  For 2011, we are focused on the following: Extending the benefits of minimally invasive surgery in gynecology and neurology; expanding robotic surgery and deepening our organizational capability in Europe and Asia; crisp execution in our product development efforts; and enabling emerging procedures in thoracic, transoral and colorectal surgery.  We grew in several specialties and geographies in the quarter. da Vinci Prostatectomy experienced strong growth in the quarter led by continued adoption of dVP in Europe. And gynecology malignant hysterectomy showed continued strength. Benign hysterectomy showed early year seasonality, particularly in January and February. Emerging procedures continue to experience growth in our early adopting centers, in TransOral Robotic Surgery, thoracic surgery and colorectal procedures. Aleks will provide additional procedure commentary later in the call. Turning to operating highlights for the first quarter. Procedures grew 30% over the first quarter of 2010. We sold 120 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 104 during the first quarter of last year. Total revenue was $388 million, up 18% over last year. Instrument and Accessory revenue increased to $157 million, up 28% over Q1 2010. Total recurring revenue grew to $221 million, up 28% from prior year and comprising 57% of total revenue. Net income was $104 million, up 22% over last year. We generated an operating profit of $180 million before noncash stock option expense, up 15% over the first quarter of last year and representing 46% of Q1 revenue.  We ended the quarter with $1,757,000,000 in cash and investments, up $148 million from last quarter. Significant cash outlays during the quarter included $15 million invested in intellectual property and fixed assets and $12 million used in repurchasing stock. Excluding the impact of these outlays, as well as $60 million from stock proceeds and $53 million used from working capital, we generated $168 million in gross cash flow from operations, which is 162% of our reported GAAP net income for the first quarter. As we have mentioned on past calls, we are making significant investments in progress in product development. In Q1, we received the CE mark for our Single-Site da Vinci instruments and accessories. We have begun a stage rollout of Single-Site in Europe focused on Single-Site cholecystectomy. Our early clinical and product performance results there have been encouraging.  In the U.S., the FDA has requested additional clinical data on our Single-Site products. We're in the process of collecting this data in part from our European experience and will provide it to FDA as needed. In the quarter, we received FDA clearance for our da Vinci Fluorescence Imaging System and have likewise begun a staged rollout in the U.S. Whether our initial launch of Single-Site in Europe and Fluorescence Imaging in the U.S., we are focused on an outstanding early customer experience in the development of clinical evidence supporting their use.  We continue to make progress on both our da Vinci vessel sealing instrument and our da Vinci stapler. Our vessel sealer has been submitted to the FDA and we are working through production readiness for this product. Our stapler is undergoing validation work and engineering refinement. We have not yet submitted the stapler for clearance. Lastly, we introduced our da Vinci Surgical Simulator in Q4 of 2010 and shipped our first units and volume in the first quarter. We are working with leading centers on validating simulator tasks and on developing curricular for its use.  As we enter new surgical markets and drive into new product arenas, we continue to invest in building our team and expanding partnerships and then acquiring those technologies that can make a difference through Robotic Surgery. This quarter, we added 69 people to our team predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D, bringing our total team to 1,729 employees.  I'll now pass the time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I think it'll start to temper as a percentage of the base and it already has actually in Q1 from Q4. So we'll continue to hire but not quite at the same percent growth rate. The two barbells that have been commanding most of the hiring has been the clinical side in the field as we try to get territory's balance for the right procedure for rep coverage. And I think our coverage is getting pretty close to where we want it. It's really now just filling open territories as needed, and then a little bit on the R&D and operations side to support programs as we're growing. So I think you'll see a temper. We'll continue to hire but it will start to temper.
Gary Guthart: The Simulator impact for the quarter was we had greater demand than we had anticipated going into the quarter, and so there were 32 systems that we did not deliver in the quarter and we've delivered those early in the second quarter. It's about $1.3 million worth of revenue. So that has a $10,000 impact on ASPs for the quarter. And to your question, that does carry over into Q2. But I wouldn't expect ASPs to vary greatly from where we are today.
Gary Guthart: I'll start with kind of the initial experience, Aleks can talk a little bit about the broader activity. So far, we're starting in cholecystectomy. The first experiences have been great. We've seen good procedure outcomes, low complication rates all been cholecystectomy, good learning curves. So our early opening experience in Europe has been really strong. And the conversation with FDA is really centered around indications per use and the clinical data to support that, so we're collecting additional data and we'll provide it to them per their request, and off we go. Cholecystectomy is clearly the place we're going to start and where it takes us from there will require some procedural development and additional medical research, but I'll let Aleks take...
Gary Guthart: Yes, I think colorectal in general, if you look at -- again, it's been a very rapid ascent into that market. Now we're dealing off a small base just to level set. But what is very interesting is that each quarter that goes by, we tend to have a greater awareness in the community. And when I say the community, we're talking about the board-certified colon and rectal surgeons, independent of the interest that general surgeons might have with some of them do colorectal procedures. But when you really look at the colorectal specialty, you have to look at the board-certified colorectal surgeons. And the data that was disseminated and the discussions at stages and the general awareness of it in that community is growing pretty rapidly. We've said all along that we think that there are some products that will be required to fully optimize the opportunity, be it stapling, be it a vessel sealing platform and suction/irrigation and so on, but we're very pleased at the rate of growth despite having the perfectly optimized system.
Gary Guthart: Where we've set our initial targets is really where we remain today, and that's in the base of tongue in some of the malignant cancers, tonsil cancers -- I should say the base of tongue cancers and some of the benign conditions there resections as well as the tonsil cancers, et cetera. As far as sleep apnea, there's really not a lot that we can share there. I know there have been people that have talked about it, but we're aware of the interest people have there. But our focus is really into the high-value procedures today that we've identified with our customers and we'll continue to drive there.
Gary Guthart: I think it was two international trade-ins of which one was a Standard and one was an S. The rest would have been U.S.
Gary Guthart: Not really anything new we can tell you. We continue to work down the process there, which is a combination of working with our partners and collecting data and working with surgical societies likewise. But I can't give you any update on the time line.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So the product gross profit that you mentioned, yes, 74.5% in Q4 down to 73.9%, so we're talking about 0.6 point here. And I think we tried to highlight the biggest factor out there which would be the ASPs for the decline of product margins, specifically the higher volume of S trade-ins which are going to carry a higher customer credit which helps to inform the sales discount. So that's the biggest factor, I think. We talked a little bit about the Simulator, too. And the Simulator, it's being bundled in with a lot of these sales in the quarter, and there's some cost that goes at the Simulator and at the same time, the ASP was steady to down. So the scenario we've set all along that we're going to be investing in our business in areas where we think we can grow procedures and drive adoption of robotic surgery, and I think the Simulator is one of those areas of investment that they kind of see on the gross margin line.
Gary Guthart: Right now, it's priced at a slight premium to the manual products in the market and a little bit lower than typical da Vinci instrument kit just directionally.
Gary Guthart: Good question. For us, it's a little bit of a platform technology and this is really the first indication for it. So the current clearance is for vascular imaging. So it's being used in partial nephrectomy and some colorectal and allows surgeons to understand profusion. There are other potentials for Fluorescence Imaging that we're working on that will have subsequent follow-on clearances that will have subsequent follow-on clearances that will allow us to take in other directions. So I think generally speaking, directionally, what it does is allow surgeons to see some structures beyond the tissue surface and do more precise dissection than they would otherwise be able to do. I think it'll be a slow build for us as we gain experience, as the publications come out. So far, the early use of it is encouraging, but I think it will take some time to get that built into our procedure packages and into our clinical publications, and we have some follow-on indications we'd like to pursue.
Gary Guthart: Some of that data, we're currently collecting now, so I don't know exactly when we'll have it all in our hands but it's not all sitting right now on the dockets. We'll have to do some of the work to get it done.
Gary Guthart: Nothing like that will be built in to the numbers here. As Aleks said, it's just too early to forecast what that maybe.
Gary Guthart: Thank you. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following experience gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients.  One experience comes from Jenn in Ohio who had a da Vinci surgery for endometriosis. After several laparoscopies that removed some but not all of the endometriosis, she writes, "In the meantime, I had lost my job. I had to take pain medications throughout each day and it just barely touched my pain. I couldn't drive, cook or clean. Some days I couldn't even drag myself out of bed. I had to rely on my family for everything. I felt absent from my son, my husband and my entire life. Finally, a friend contacted me and told me about Dr. Ross Marchetta and how he helped her after years of being misdiagnosed by several doctors. Thank God she did. He informed me of the da Vinci robotic-assisted surgery and explained that I was a perfect candidate. He was the first doctor who was confident he could help me. In June of 2010, I had my da Vinci robotic-assisted laparoscopy. Using the robot, Dr. Marchetta was able to remove all of my endo lesions, both fibroids and my fallopian tube and cystic ovary. My ovary was growing into my kidney, and if it would've remained untreated much longer, it could have caused serious damage. Dr. Marchetta called my case one of the worst he had ever treated and said he would call it Stage V, if there was such a stage. He was thrilled with the work he was able to accomplish and explained that he never could have achieved this amazing result without the robot. He called my surgery a miracle. It was miraculous. He gave me back my life. I weaned off my pain medication. On the 4th of July, my family and I attended a friend's party, the first fun I had, had all year. I felt like myself again. My pain was completely gone. I returned to my normal everyday life as a mom, wife and writer. On my birthday, I celebrated my health by parasailing, an activity on my bucket list. If people had told me this was possible during those previous dark months, I never would've believed them. Dr. Marchetta and the da Vinci robot saved my life. My family and I will be forever grateful."  Patients like Jenn are the strongest advocates for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference.  This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Aleks Cukic: So I believe 89 systems in the U.S. represents a new high watermark for us. So the flow of systems into the United States remains very strong. What we probably have a more difficult time assessing on a go-forward basis is at what rate existing customers want to upgrade, either their Standard system or their S System to the Si System. I know it's a little different than the question you asked about the de novo system, but as you look at the activity that the sales organization has to go through to trade out a system and trade up or cultivate a new de novo system, it isn't that there is an enormous difference in the time required to get one done versus the other. So as we look at the overall system placement in the United States, it remains important for us to continue to either get our customers into the Si Systems or cultivate new green field. I don't know that there's a trend that we can point out that says this is going to continue. I think it'll probably oscillate up and down a bit as we go forward, and that's probably the most -- the best visibility we have.
Aleks Cukic: It's hard to say again and I think you caught yourself in the question, and I think that's probably the way we'd answer it. It's hard to say what is the most important. I would say this, that when you have customers who are coming back and buying second, third, fourth or fifth system, I believe we now have five hospitals that have six systems, and they build very comprehensive programs. That's very valuable for us, both regionally and nationally. And so, I don't want to diminish from that, but at the same time, opening up a new store, if you will, the analogy being same-store sales versus new stores, is also important. The most important element is driving into those stores and keeping the shelves full with procedures. And so that happens both ways. So we're really not going to pick and choose as to which one is a little more valuable or a little less valuable. They're very valuable to us and we'll continue to operate that way.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. I'll just say, Tycho, you've been following us for a while and I think when we go into a procedure category, we tend to be very diligent, very careful as to how we roll out the launch. And so as you can imagine, to Gary's comments, we had a few centers that were up and running. We're really trying to validate the procedure, we're trying to understand sort of the nuances of the procedure and the choreography of the procedure, and then in a very step-wise and thoughtful manner, expanding it a little bit at a time. And so that's really the approach that we have, whether it's Europe or anywhere else. In terms of the overall market, it's way too early for us to really claim what that size might be. I think there's probably an update out there that suggest what the laparoscopic cholecystectomy market is, but that's not what we're saying our opportunity is. We'll figure it out and we'll do it thoughtfully and we'll share more information as it becomes available.
Aleks Cukic: I think there's really not a lot of more detail we can provide on prospective launch dates. I think we, again, I think, label them as either in with the FDA or soon-to-be and/or will at some point be in with the FDA. Beyond that, once it gets into that position, it's difficult to really say. In terms of the opportunities or the market, I think again with the Single-Site System, the initial target is going to be cholecystectomy with respect to the stapler. Staplers are used in a variety of applications ranging from general surgery to colorectal, to lung, to GYN oncology and so on and so forth. So I would envision that following along in parallel to where our procedure efforts are going that require a stapler and I think the same thing could be settled with vessel sealing.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. I think if you look at the comparison you made, and you can back test this for years, Q4 is the strongest market, assuming the strongest period for system sales outside the United States, and Q1 is traditionally, along with Q3, among the slowest. And so, there's really no surprise to us in terms of 31 systems as opposed to 38, I believe, we did last year -- excuse me, last quarter. So I think we're actually pleased with 31. The market, again, the breakouts, we introduced, I think, for the first time, talking about Australia. We haven't talked about Australia in a while, we haven't talked about Turkey in a while. Those are markets that again are coming on and certainly come on this quarter. And then Germany, and France and Italy remain very important markets to the EU. In terms of austerity measures, there really isn't, I think, a lot more for us to share there. We've seen it oscillate up and down over the past year or perhaps six quarters, and there's really nothing new for us to add there.
Aleks Cukic: Again, I think in terms of the expectations, we don't really go into a particular quarter or particular time period and say we would expect this many customers to participate in an upgrade program. We try that through the communication with our sales organization, understand what the range might be, if you will. But what the customer ultimately decides to do is really up to the customer, and we will help facilitate whichever transaction they wanted, if they own a Standard and they want to get into an Si, we've got a program to help facilitate that. The same is true with the S. I can't out point at one event-driven activity that has caused an uptick from 10 to 19. But again, we've got a few quarters of this now under our belt and I think you can start to plot it and develop -- some trends are developing there and we just have no reason to think that it's either going to grow materially or decrease materially.
Aleks Cukic: It's really hard to say. If I'm not mistaken, that study has been -- patients have been enrolled in that study from the '90s and there's a long-term follow-up on it, and that's great. I mean, I think you get long-term results. Unfortunately, you have to go through long periods of time. And I would suspect that there are only a few, if any, da Vinci Prostatectomies that are part of that cohort. And so, I think the watchful waiting versus surgery versus radiation debate will be with us for a long time. I don't know that there is anything that we would expect one direction or the other based on that particular study. I'm glad it's being done. I think good science needs to be done in a lot of different areas within prostate cancer, and we'll see what the results say.
Aleks Cukic: I would say that the urologic procedures grew, and this is one of the quarters that we talked about. And I mentioned in my commentary from time to time in the United States. And we've talked about dVP being flattish for several quarters, but there are quarters where you will see some pretty -- some nice sequential strength and Q1 was one of them. So we -- in addition to seeing the OUS growth and specific to Europe, we saw U.S. growth. So there was -- the category of neurology was a decent contributor to the incremental sequential growth. This growing category of Other, I think you're right. I think when you look at the category of Other, it tends to grow at a faster rate, then the blend of the two main line procedures. And so nothing really different there. And I think you highlighted the sequential, or I should say, the seasonal challenge with some of the benign procedures, specifically dVH that you start to see in the early part of the year that tends to sort of correct itself as we get out beyond the first few months.
Aleks Cukic: Well, yes, as far as benefits, I'm going to be very careful. As you know, without having FDA clearance, you're not to be making claims on a particular product, so I'm going to be careful not to make any claims. I think in the category of vessel sealing, what tends to be the target is moving into a larger -- moving into a larger vessel and some of them, again, you're taking significantly larger vessels than you would with traditional bipolar or other forms of elective surgery. That's the target. As you know with the da Vinci instrument, you get articulation and get control, so we look to bring all of those things to the product. But in terms of making benefit claims, I’ll wait and preserve that until we get the product through the FDA and out the market, we can actually make those claims. And as far as the P&L, there's really not much we can comment on there because the product isn't priced and it's not in the market yet. So we do believe that a vessel sealer in some of the complex procedures, which we've become accustomed to operating in will add value. But that's about as far as I think we can really talk about it.
Aleks Cukic: We don't, and I would just say that if the first quarter where we really started to commercialize it and it'd be difficult for us to assess what that number is going to be at the end of the year.
Aleks Cukic: Well, I guess that's implied in the guidance. I mean, mathematically, that has to be the case. If you look at Q4 last year, it was 35%. Now we're in Q1, it was down to 30%, so we know this was seasonally a lighter quarter in some of our benign procedures. But I think still the math is as you described it, I think the year-over-year growth in the outer quarters would be slightly down from here.
