Gary Guthart: Yes. Thank you. I appreciate the question. On the first question of do we think that it changes the volume of procedures that might be accessed by our technology? The answer to that is yes. I think the real question will be timeline. A little bit hard to predict the timeline in the near-term just because I think a lot of it will have to do with COVID and recovery. So that will kind of blur the speed with which it happens. But if you look out over a couple of years, we clearly think that customers want to use our products, they want to use them broadly and different procedure domains, like general surgery but also broadly regionally. And to the extent that we can help them with economics, we think they have a preference to use our products, and we think that will help, that’s why we did it. On question two on timeline, we have been working at it for some time. These changes and manufacturing process improvements have taken years to get right. I think being a little too fancy in the timeline doesn't help the company or our customers, we think that it will be appreciated that we have done it, it will be appreciated that we have done it now. And overtime, I think we’ll look back on it and be happy what we thought it as expeditiously as we could.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So just sanding back to the capital, it's really variable regionally, so where they are not strongly affected by COVID or they’re recovering strongly then capital rotates forward again you saw that in China. And there we feel good about leasing systems or selling systems. In China they buy them, they don’t lease them, but in other markets, where they are interested in leasing, we’re happy to do that. In regions that are being disrupted by COVID where the flow of patients is changing because of either delays like surgery, or delays in diagnostic pipelines, there they have capacity on the existing installed base. They may want to move those systems, they may want to upgrade them, but in general we have seen and we have seen this in years past, act one as an operator of a hospital was to use your existing capacity before expanding it. And there, I don’t think leasing is the major issue. I think the real issue is them getting back to surgery and getting ready to the extent that they have demand, leasing helps us, so I think it's kind of secondary to recovery from COVID in the U.S. primarily.
Gary Guthart: Yes, we get to ask like questions periodically. I don’t see a philosophical shift by heads of perioperative services to try to shift share in response to COVID. In a really hard hit area, if they are doing everything they can and the only thing they have available is something other than MIS they might go that way, I don’t think that’s their r primary objective of the health system. And pretty quickly they want to return to what they believe is offering the patient the best outcome. Looking in the evidence, we don’t see any evidence of share shifts at this time. Let’s not say they aren’t there, it's just that nothing has really come up. And what we do see is as much positive for robotics as anything else.
Gary Guthart: We've seen -- it really depends regionally. So I guess what we've seen is variance regionally. And hard hit areas we'll see the implementation of deferrals again in other places that had kind of round one and it is starting to creep back in. They're assuming to manage it concurrently a little bit better. Netting it out the first few weeks in July looks really wavy, hard to call a good trend certainly would not call it a recovery in July in the United States.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So, we did see -- as we reach the end of the quarter, we did see additional postponements of purchases. And we did hear from hospitals that they were back to evaluating their budget, thinking about what the ramifications of the costs of COVID treatment were, as well as thinking about the longer-term impacts of COVID in terms of potential recession and impact on their funds. And so I think, the quarter was affected. The capital quarter was affected by COVID. And going forward, you're right, there will be first, we think the impact of trying to bring back up systems to full utilization. 27% is a pretty steep decline. And we would expect that they will seek to fill that before they go out and buy more capital, particularly when they're already strained on the financial side. So, I think if we started to see it this quarter, and I think we're going to continue to see pressures on capital spend.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On that system shifts in the quarter, I'll start to answer and I'll ask Marshall to jump in and provide a little additional color. I think a lot of what we saw in Q2, in the U.S. was around momentum. Capital pipelines are multi-month engagements for our sales teams and for our customers. They have long-term commitments. They're fairly far down the pipeline. And in some cases, I think they know they want to do this long-term. They went ahead and closed. Outside to us, we had strength because you're starting to see procedure recoveries. And they're looking to build capacity for additional procedures. With regard to whether a particular sales program or the introduction of a loaner program and so on that really drove that number. I would not guide you that way. I don't really think that's true. But Marshall wanted to step in.
Gary Guthart: Over the last few years we’ve seen an increase in clinical data requirements and evidenced generation per new platform, as we come out and we’ve been talking to you about that over last several years. With regard to introducing new platforms us or anybody else, I think the pathway depends on the details of the claims, what’s being claimed, what procedures are being done, and the details of the predicates being used. And that would guide any of the conversations we would have with FDA, or frankly, our competitors would have. So I really can’t call out what direction it will go for everybody. We do see the discussions being pretty rational, and they just have required additional data sets as time goes on, and nothing we’ve heard from the last couple of weeks of earnings calls as kind of changed our perspective on what we've seen.
Gary Guthart: I think we’ve seen both heroic effort on the part of our teams. We are blessed by having a medical office inside the company and surgeons and medical people who work for the company directly. So we implemented protocols that allowed us to stay at leading edge of where safety protocols ought to be for infectious disease, and do our best to be able to keep making work, making progress. Our engineering teams have been really creative and thoughtful about getting work done. So we have seen some delays for sure. I wish I would say otherwise, but it’s just reality. That said, I think that the teams have thought pretty hard to keep our programs progressing and to not just accept slips because COVID exists. Where we are -- where those things are a little bit out of our control tend to be on things that are in clinical trials, as we mentioned, there you’re going back and forth between hospital, institution on the frontlines. They are using the point of their resources and ways that are important to them to manage COVID, we fully understand that. So there sometime it’s really us in the support mode. Where we can control it? We can control our environment, we can relay out our spaces, our labs and so on, and we can make a little more progress. So we see some slips but we also see great effort to manage the slips.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I'll jump in on my side. I think that surgery in those environments, what actually happens in the operating room is well understood. And robotics and all robotics can play a real role there. What really determines whether something's in an ambulatory setting, hospital-owned, outpatient department setting or inside a hospital and booked as the same day surgery the differences there are largely driven by reimbursement and reimbursement policy. To the extent that reimbursement policy stays as it is, then I don't think you'll see a huge move of the kind of procedures that Intuitive does into the ASCs. But if reimbursement policy were to change in the future, then we will change with it and go there. So there's a lot of same day surgery or outpatient surgery that's done on da Vinci devices, where they live has a lot to do with reimbursement. So for us, it's -- where does it make sense to be performed logistically, where does it make sense to be performed from a reimbursement perspective and then they have the right tools, technologies and training. And I think we can adjust to that over time.
Gary Guthart: Yes. In Korea, the nice thing is that the regulatory clearance allows broad clinical application. As a result, they can do procedures in urology and thoracic and gynecology and head and neck. And they're also looking at procedures in the breast. There I think it's less about low acuity. And I think they're really exploring, where does the single incision or natural orifice approach really drive clinical value up. The surgeons are I think, thoughtful and innovative here. And that's exciting to us. In the U.S., we need to run trials and get additional data as we've said before for colorectal applications and for some of the other things that we have in the pipeline. So that will take us some time. So we look to Korea to say, okay, what does demand look like when not constrained by the regulatory setting? The nice utilization or high throughput sort of tells us two things. One is, there's a real interest in exploring the hypothesis that this creates better outcomes. We can also look at the data there and start to see where it does indeed. That's exciting. The second thing is it puts the product through the tests of high throughput high turnaround is a well-designed in that setting. And can they use it as much? And that's been powerful for learning but also encouraging for us as to the maturity of the product even at this early stage. So that's how we're looking at Korea and it will help inform our regulatory strategy in other parts of the world.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I'll start and Marshall will help you. I'll ask you to jump in and add some color. It's clearly challenged, and one of the things that we're working on. First, right up front is particularly in the United States, doctors are focused on other things and travel which some training requires is strained. So for us, two things have been going on. One of them is to see if we can forward deploy our training assets to make travel easier or extremely convenient, travel by car for example rather than by plane or use of digital tools and cloud technologies to be able to get access to some of the materials that they might use. We're actually encouraged on that front, I think we have some investments we have made over the years that we can leverage to help and we’re seeing the beginnings of that. So I think that side looks good. That said, training requires demand generation, requires interactions with our sales teams in addition to training once they get going. So its substantially below prior levels, we’re starting to see the beginnings of it coming back, but I’ll let Marshal give you a little bit of color there.
Gary Guthart: Thanks, Rick. For us we have really focused on being tightly focused on really making measurable improvements to the quad aim, really looking forward looking through windshield rather than in the side mirrors as to what, we think is important. I guess what I’d say is the greatest limitation for us so far has not been opportunity, I think to do interesting things. There's an enormous amount of opportunity out there to make improvements and there's an enormous technology opportunity. I think the biggest challenge in the great limiting step for us has really been to continue to deploy our programs with excellence. And so that’s been rate limiting step on growth. I think that other companies out there are investing in things that make sense that are interesting. I think the vision about where the world might be in 10 or 15 years is not a complicated one, I think it’s reasonably shared. And I think what will differentiate Intuitive and other companies is really the ability to deliver these complex technologies at a very high quality level, and then ways that customers can really use to access their resources. So, I look around at what’s going on outside, and I think they are engaging some of the both opportunities that are out there in the world and some of the challenges of doing this well and delivering it. So for us, I guess I didn’t wake up this week and think that the world has changed because of somebody else's conference call.
Gary Guthart: Okay. I think there's two drivers of additional capital. One of them is the need for additional capacity driven by surgeon and patient demand for da Vinci procedures. To the extent that that demand is suppressed because of COVID, fears about COVID or delays in diagnostic pipelines that will pressure the capital pipeline. That varies regionally. So where COVID is well-managed, we see knock on the usual types of sales activities, where COVID is very intense, not surprisingly, they were focused on other things. The second thing that can drive capital demand is new features, product that they want access to because they have older technology. And in that case, if they have the attention span to pursue it and the capital or leasing dollars to do something about it, then we can continue to make progress. The prior one, the issue of absorbing existing demand in the field -- procedure demand in the field will be the dominant one in my opinion in the next few months. How long that lasts has a lot to do with COVID and really none of us know how long that will be. So we'll be ready, we'll react. We are in a strong position from an organization point of view. I think we are able to run the business for the long-term. And so we'll do our best in that period. And we'll see it as it as it plays out.
Gary Guthart: Well, that was our last question. Thank you. In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams, in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim:better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately a lower total cost to treat of care. We believe value creation, surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: Sure. The margin on the products will be relatively consistent with current margins, so the impact is nominal in terms of 2019. It’s a slight down only because you have less instrument and accessory revenue. And from a mix perspective, you wind up with more systems revenue, and systems revenue have lower margins, but the individual margins on the instruments are not that different.
Marshall Mohr: I think you characterized it right. I don't think there was any particular program that drove it. And I think that it really does reflect momentum. Gary alluded to a couple of larger IDN deals getting done. Those were months, if not a year in the making and so it takes time to get them closed out. And when you're getting close, even though there's COVID virus, they went ahead. And we do see strength outside the U.S., particularly in Asia where our COVID has started to recover.
Marshall Mohr: In terms of ASCs, again ASC is the number of da Vinci type procedures, procedures that da Vinci addresses in ASCs is actually not all the significant. What you really -- if you are talking about HOPDs or ASCs that are owned by hospital IDNs, then we have a large presence and we are addressing procedures that are presented there. We haven't seen -- I haven't, I'm not aware of movements of large patient quantities to ASCs during this period. I think hospitals are struggling to meet all needs in terms of COVID. So, I don't think I have anything else to add there.
Marshall Mohr: Yes, it has been below our historical levels. And the importance of it varies depending on the geography as well. So we’re in -- let's say in Japan where you have newer procedures that you’re trying to adopt, training becomes a more important element and let’s say in the United States where people can otherwise be trained in their institutions or that we’re talking about mature procedures where proctoring and so forth is more readily available. So, I think in the United States the contribution of new surgeons is much lower than let’s say in geography like Japan. And so we did see quite a drop-off in training earlier in the United States, because of reluctance to travel and other COVID-related reasons. And as Gary said, we’re finding other ways to perform in that training, and it could have some impact on us, but again, it's not as big a contributor in the United States as our existing surgeons.
