Gary Guthart: Hi, Bob. We are not calling the clearance date yet of the flex platform. I am pleased with where we are. We are working to plan. Our tradition with you has been to let you know when we do a submission and that gives us a little bit better estimate of timelines and I rather than a guess in this setting. So, we are feeling good about it but I don’t have a date for you yet.
Gary Guthart: No, I am feeling good about the progress of the team and their ability to deliver on what we think this is capable of doing.
Gary Guthart: We haven’t baked a lot of growth in there. Again, we don’t really know at this point what the reimbursement levels are going to be and therefore that could vastly impact the number of the procedure adoption curve. So, there is no lot in there but even then, the magnitude of Japan relative to the total world is not substantial. And the highest growth drivers for the -- for us for next year really are general surgery procedures in US and urologic procedures outside of the US.
Gary Guthart: And with these clearances Bob, our reimbursement I should say -- it really is going to be building a foundation time for us. There’s going to be large investments made or we have been making and we’re going to follow through on things like training surgeons and building the teams up to speed. So, it’s really more about building a foundation here for the future in 2018 than substantive contribution to the growth. 
Gary Guthart: Fair question. As you described, I think for current products in the market and current countries in which we operate, I think our estimates that we're not yet recorded penetrated. So even with what our commercial teams have to do, we have plenty of upside. I think as you move whenever you talked about full available market, I'll tell you how we think about it. We look at how start with, where do we see differentiated clinical value by procedure given what we can bring and try to get an estimate of what segment or population of our customer base that can make a positive impact.  And we, you know us start conservatively. And what tends to happen overtime as we get into those history has been that as we get clinical data and our customers use our products we get a better clear view of TAM. Often the TAM has increased, not always some TAMs have decreased but mostly they've increased. And so that's how we look at it.  SP is clearly an opportunity for us to explore some procedures and patient populations that we have not gone a lot. And that I think is why we're excited about it. And Flex, I think opens a new set of opportunities for us, that's why we have done the investments. I think flexible technology we are pursuing in the pulmonology space and the thoracic cavity. And we'll be focused on that for the next few years. But as you know we really excited about platform ideas. Things that have generic capability that can be broadened overtime, and we think flex robotics diagnostics and other interventions can do that as well.  We don't have a crystal ball as to those TAMs and we're not ready yet to describe how big we think they can be in part because our estimates are large ranges could be quite a lot of variability. But we invest in them because they think they bring the real opportunities for outcome improvements in the hands of customers, decreases in variability across the customer base, and as a result an opportunity to grow the footprint of Intuitive going forward. 
Gary Guthart: So, let's go to the -- I think you meant 60-millimeter stapler. On the SP front, not ready to call timing on labeling in case additional indications were pursued and with FDA overtime. And it depends a lot on what kind of data requirements we have and how that conversations goes. We're focused right now on the first one.  In terms of clinical capability and customer feedback, we're feeling quite positive. And so, I think the conversation with FDA should be pretty direct and grounded predicting the timeline we are not ready to do yet at this time.  On the 60 millimeters, that’s a set of products that we have gone back and forth over the years with approvals. I don’t think its wildly different in terms of what we can expect and I think historical timelines for approvals for us are probably good predictors of what happens on the 60 millimeters. so, I am hopeful that we will see it this year. 
Gary Guthart: Fair question. On the investment side as the business has strengthened over the last couple of years, we've increased our investments. I think rationally they have been focused on a couple of things. One has been a building depth in OUS markets are our market presence and penetration in places like Japan and China and Germany, France, UK and so on are less than they are in the U.S. We think there's real opportunity for value creation in those markets, and we want to make sure that we're not under investing there relative to the opportunities. So that's one segment.  The next segment is, I really believe, computer assisted surgery, I think has moved from an interesting, part of minimally invasive surgery department to a kind of an essential part of the portfolio. And as that happens, I think more and more opportunities, competitors and interest is being generated and we want to make sure that Intuitive is investing for the long-term and, I think you all will hold us to the quality of those investments. Mostly the challenge here has not been identifying opportunity, it's been making sure that we invest in something that we have the skill and capability to deliver it with excellence. And so, we've been, we've been, investing behind things that we think are good opportunities. And I think over time, the wisdom of those decisions will play out. So that's, kind of mark.  I think the last thing for us has been the business has accelerated. We see opportunities for taking advantage of scale and efficiency and we think that will serve the company well and our customer base well in the future. So as volumes go up we can convert some capital investments into operating efficiency. You've seen us doing that and I think that allows us to share with the customer, some of those efficiencies, it drives better quality performance and our products. We think that's important as well. And so, as we've seen strengthening, we've, loosened some of those dollars and I have to thank our operations team who've done a beautiful job investing them wisely.  Marshall, I want you to take the JV and China question and I'll fill in behind. 
Gary Guthart: The early performance of that team as they’ve entered the organization is encouraging. The human capital that they were bringing to the Board was pretty strong. So that has been a positive set for us in ‘17.
Gary Guthart: Well it’s hard to characterize which ones are most excited about when you don’t know what reimbursements are going to be. So, you’ve seen the list and I think you can size yourself what you think the market opportunity might be. But I again caution you that until reimbursements are announced, we’re really not going to know.  And as Calvin said, there is also an element of adoption in terms of -- that will take place in terms of building out the sales force, building training capabilities and so forth.  There’s also the -- as I said in my script, there is the alternate surgical approaches that may be used that you also have to deal with in adoption. So, I think once we understand reimbursement and we start to dig into a little bit more after April 1st is when we’ll know that, maybe we can start to talk a little bit more about the specific procedures.
Gary Guthart: So, it's less than first, for SI products, there are countries where we did not yet have regulatory approval for X. And therefore, we're still selling SIs. There are also some customers have SIs already and they don't want yet to move away from move into with a world where they have two sets of inventories and two sets of per training protocol and so forth. And so, they would rather step into an SI. And then there are some countries where reimbursements are not so high and they're looking for achieve -- and a SI -- fits that bill. But you probably will see the number of SIs we sale declined overtime going forward. As we get regulatory approvals and we're able to move Xs. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Trade ins in Europe even despite what I said about some customers want, don't want to enter into a world where they have two sets of inventories. There are those customers that want to standardize in the fourth-generation product. And there is also a larger installed base as Xs and SIs in Europe and in terms of mix relative to as I've said in the United States. And so, we can see a number of customers in Europe trade out their SIs for X part. So, to get into the fourth-generation product and have access into the latest instrumentation. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah, I mean the results in 2017 exceeded our expectation. Urology was up 8% for the year, and dVP was a piece of that. So as kind the standard for the surgical treatment of prostate cancer, we think we'll be moving with the overall incidence rate which is more likely low single digits. So, our expectation within our guidance at the low end and the high end is some moderation in the U.S. on across the -- in 2018.
Gary Guthart: It's hard to know how long the tender process will take at the hospitals, last time we got a quota approved, quota was approved in 2013 and we didn't see it many of the systems sold until the end of 2015. I don't know whether that, whether that same timeline will apply here. 
Gary Guthart: The tax rate the range that Calvin gave it our best estimate, you’ve said that you thought it would have been lower, clearly, a greater portion of our revenue is still generated in the United States. So more at the higher end. There are, you know, there's the rate itself, the 21%, but then there are other elements of the tax stack that add additional taxation on top of that. And so, we've given you the range that we think will, is the best estimate of what it is. I don't, I wouldn't call it conservative. 
Gary Guthart: Yeah, I think like we said in the prepared comments Amit, the primary driver there is going to be impact of new products and we are going to do a phase launch of a SPs so we can experience [ph] there and 60 millimeters like we talked about. You have the direct margin on the products, but there's investments we make in the lines and the teams and the kind of the structure to make these things that kind of run through on a cost line, all that runs ahead of the higher revenue amount.
Gary Guthart: Directionally in terms of our intent, we think gen four is quite strong. We think X is a good product and we think we can deliver X to the installed base in attractive economic packages. And so that’s an opportunity for us. It's just really a question -- I think directionally we know where its headed, I think the question is just how long it takes? And we want to support our customers in their needs but I think we have a good offer for them.
Gary Guthart: Yes, a fair question. So, when we think about imaging, there’s three buckets that we think about investments we make. There is the hardware endoscope side, the sensors, the chips, the optics, the package. And we have been investing in that and routinely improving those things, sometimes in big steps, sometimes in small steps. Just as you would imagine, each release of cell phone has their camera systems we follow a similar idea and that’s been powerful. Those compound effects of improvements are pretty impressive.  Second thing is image processing software, the algorithms themselves to shape the image have also been improving overtime and also, we can release in patches and updates. And then there's the contrast agents and molecules. And we work all of them and we often talk about molecules, they are kind of the big thing to see. They are long-term investments. And I was reminding everybody here there are other things going on too, the hardware and the underlying software is good.  Augmented reality or mixed reality, the idea that you can take graphic images, manage them and get them in, we’re making nice progress there. I don’t expect material revenue in the year but I do think that we’ll start getting increased customer feedback over the year. And yes, we get closer to customer, we will inform you more of where we are.
Gary Guthart: And when we think demand from Chinese surgeons and Chinese hospitals is very high. And so, education and engagement are something that we can continue to do. I'll answer to the Japan question and operator this will be our last question after that answer.  With regard to Japan, I like to quote, history doesn't repeat, but it does rhyme. I think about what we need to do in Japan in terms of market development. Our team at Japan is quite capable and are engaged deeply in communication with surgical societies around, what training pathways look like, what educational and housework ought to look like. Things like scholarship programs and so on. And so, I don't think the work is a mystery. But it does take time in education, education of our own team and education of the market.  I think we have a senior leader and our general manager in Japan. I think this is a team that's capable. So, we will give them time to make progress here, but I think I have a playbook they can work down and while it's not identical to play book that we used in the U.S. or the ones that we use in Germany. The main elements of engagement are present.  As we conclude this call, that was our last question. As we've said previously while we focused on financial metrics, such as revenues and profits and cash flow during these conference call. Our organizational focus remains on increasing value, by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand. And I assure you that we remain committed to driving the bottle few things that truly make a difference.  This concludes today's call. I thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve sugary and we look forward to talking to you again in three months. 
Marshall Mohr: Sure, in China we have hired a CEO, we actually also hired the CFO and a few other key members of the management team. Right now, they are focused on building out that management team and getting prepared for eventual launch of the business itself.  Of course, the gating factor there is, we're still working on the development of the catheter-based product here in the United States and as that's completed, then elements of it and the business will start to be handed over to the JV.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah on the system retirement side, I think there were 21 total, 18 retired in the field plus 3 that were lease returned. It's been higher than we've been running. But it's really an expected part of our business cycle. And as you know when a customer elects to stop using a particular system they're really going to trade it in, purchase a new system or just to hire it up there in the field. And most of them end up being traded in but some end up being retired in the field and we saw that. In Q4, we're able to confirm that there were 18 of these 4400 in the field mostly older models, that were no longer to be used. So, we just removed them from our installed base count. 
Marshall Mohr: There is no news on the quota. I mean we sit here waiting as we do for news as to, as to what the quota will be. On, China, we don't have any indication that is either A, Intuitive specific or something that we should be foundationally worried about. So, we're not looking at it and thinking something's wrong here or there's an Intuitive specific indication, nothing works like that. You asked the question is that too late to impact 2018, I don't think so yet. Marshall looking at you, I don't know how you feel about it. 
Marshall Mohr: Moving to the flex question, no change in my opinion about data requirements either way, I wouldn't read anything in my comments last time or this time, would indicate a change. And go to tax. 
Marshall Mohr: Yes, that’s -- it’s hard to estimate when the customers will get to where they want to, either standardize on fourth generation product or avail themselves to latest generation. I mean the SI drives a substantial amount of our procedures. It’s a very capable system. And in fact, even in situations where customers have suggested that they want to do a trade-in, at the end of the day they are keeping the SI for either an outpatient care meaning a point other than the surgery center or they decide that they just got volumes such as they want to keep it. So, I don’t know how to predict what the trade-in cycle will do over the next couple of years.
Marshall Mohr: So, for China, we have a number of systems, 38 systems I think is installed there, the public cost was subject to the quota. But our distributor is driving clinical adoption there, training surgeons and moving it up, that's why you see why you heard us talk about increased utilization of those systems and increased number of procedures. The systems that are not subject to the quota really are those in the military hospitals in Hong Kong. We actually sold three systems this quarter, that's not nearly the market as the public hospitals. But nonetheless we are making progress in those markets and continue to try to drive the expansion. 
