Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Note that Patrick Clingan, who has participated on these calls in recent quarters, will not be with us on the call today due to minor illness. We expect him back in the office next week. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 5th, 2015, and 10-Q, filed on April 22nd, 2015. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com, on the audio archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second-quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights; Marshall will provide a review of our second-quarter financial results; then I will discuss procedure and clinical highlights and provide our updated financial outlook for 2015. And finally we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. We are not anchored on that April 2016 timeframe either. I mean these other methodologies could occur anytime. 
Calvin Darling: Yeah, I mean I think in the commentary on the call, we talked about the second quarter really being a continuation of the first quarter trends. And I think that when you talk about the second half of the year, we are talking about a continuation of what we saw in the first half, both domestically and internationally. And the variance in the range really has more to do with just the magnitude of those key drivers that we went through.
Calvin Darling: And I think you look at where Q2 came in terms of revenue per procedure, at the $1,830 level. About what we would've expected, consistent with the last quarter and the last year. But there were some trade-offs. I think foreign exchange hit us harder and we did have some benefit from the newer products that we've talked about that largely offset it, so, a lot of moving parts. As we look into the second half, we'd probably assume something similar we've seen in the first half on instrument accessory revenue per procedure. But to offset the exchange, you're probably going to have to have some favorability in other areas.
Calvin Darling: Yeah, I think it went a little beyond just international. I think on the U.S. side, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we really had stronger than anticipated performance in the more mature procedures in the United States; I think continued strong growth in prostatectomy procedures. And then in gynecology, I think we anticipated somewhat of a pullback relative to Q1 -- or relative to the prior year, with a tougher comp. And really we were able to maintain the same -- similar level in that mature category. So, I think those exceeded our expectations and were part of the reason to raise the guidance. And then, as you say, international was driving it. I think Europe was in general tracking to trends and meeting our performance. The majority of our above-expectation growth was in Asia; as I mentioned, most notably China. We also had a very strong quarter in Korea.
Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us on the call today. In the quarter, growth in procedures was healthy, maintaining the rate of growth we experienced in the first quarter and showing solid performance in several specialties and geographies. Our capital performance improved in the quarter, as did our margins. Starting with procedures, year-over-year growth in the second quarter was just under 14% compared with Q2 of 2014. Utilization trends present last quarter continued, with strength in hernia repair, solid growth in colon and rectal resections, continued recovery in prostatectomy, and stable trends in hysterectomy. Growth in the use of our products was broad-based and included the U.S., Europe, and key markets in Asia. Procedures grew strongly in China, and growth was solid in Japan and Korea. Calvin will review procedure trends in greater detail later in the call. Turning to capital sales, we placed 118 systems in the quarter compared to 96 in the second quarter of 2014. The United States and Japan accounted for most of the growth in system placements year-over-year. We see interest across our product line, from our multi-quadrant Xi system to our Si system, with customers choosing the system that best fits their program's needs. In Japan, clearance of the Xi system unlocked some system demand and we sold 13 systems in the quarter compared with five a year earlier. Procedure growth in Japan remains healthy, given the current state of reimbursement. As we've said on prior calls, the growth of the market in Japan will be paced by continued progress on reimbursement. Clinical investigators have submitted their partial nephrectomy data to MHLW for review, and ISI continues to work with key stakeholders in the reimbursement for additional procedures. We have no assurance of additional procedure reimbursement at this time. Turning to margins, our operating teams are focused on reducing product costs for our new products and we're managing our fixed expenses carefully. This quarter was a step in the right direction on gross margin, though an early one. We will continue to focus on improvements over the next several quarters. Marshall will take you through this and other financial performance in greater detail later in the call. In summary, our operating performance for the second quarter is as follows. Procedures grew just under 14% over the second quarter of last year. We placed 118 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 96 in the second quarter of 2014. Total pro forma revenue for the quarter was $586 million, up 16% from the prior year, and up 20% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Total pro forma instrument and accessory revenue increased to $297 million, up 13% over prior year. We generated pro forma operating profit of $228 million in the quarter compared with $196 million in the second quarter of 2014. And pro forma net income was $173 million compared to $140 million in Q2 of 2014. In product development, we are rounding out our Xi system offering by launching additional EndoWrist instruments, integrating table motion with Xi, and developing Single-Site for Xi. In Europe in the second quarter, surgeons have performed the first clinical cases using integrated table motion with Xi with enthusiastic feedback. We recently submitted our 510(k) for software that enables table motion with Xi. We anticipate filing our 510(k) for Xi Single-Site in the second half of the year. We have also broadened the roll-out of our white reload for our da Vinci Xi Stapler. Feedback on its utility has been positive. Additional Xi EndoWrist instruments have been released in the quarter, continuing to round out our instrument offering for Xi. For da Vinci Sp, our dedicated single point of entry architecture, development is progressing with system integration and laboratory testing in progress. Stepping back and looking at the business at the midway point of the year, we're focused on expanding the application of da Vinci in general surgery, particularly colorectal surgery and hernia repair; filling out our product line for da Vinci Xi and launching in key markets globally; developing our organizational capabilities in markets in Europe and Asia; improving our gross margins; and advancing our technologies to improve surgery. I will now turn the call over to Marshall, who will review our financial performance.
Gary Guthart: We don’t -- as we look at long-term, we don’t see huge changes form that range. There are lot of puts and takes that make it hard to call. So as we get scale along some of the newer products, we get some benefits in terms of cost and cost reduction. There are regional variances so there is mix changes in regions in terms of regional pricing. There are some things that will make it go up and down.  Longer term we will benefit from some cost advantages, but also depending on the changes in the marketplace and the scale of some of our customers, there are other pressures. So we think where we are today that's a pretty good number to think about.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So on the hernia side, as you mentioned we are seeing good early growth. I recognize that hernia is both more than one kind of procedure, abdominal hernia, or ventral hernia and inguinal hernia and even within those there is variations in both technique and patient population. So clearly right now there is a mixture of sustained use by our customers and people who are learning and trialing the technology. What that mix looks like in the near-term is actually very hard to determine. We do see some early evidence of strong clinical benefit in some of the categories and segments and we think that's long-term durable. Our calling right now how big those total available markets are going to be is still premature. So we have some basic estimates we are working them down. As the quarters go by here we will able to increase our certainty of what those long-terms look like. With regards to Sp, we are not predicting the ship date at this time. We are on track in our technical developments. We are in conversations with several surgeon groups as well as regulators about where both long-term value can be and what regulatory pathways are and as those firm up we will share them with you in the future.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. So technically, by the way, the submissions are done by the clinical investigators not by Intuitive. We don’t see another clinical data submission between now and April. On the other hand, the pathway that partial nephrectomy went through is something called [indiscernible] uro. That is not the only pathway that have a conversation with the government.  So the one dataset that we see going in at that time is partial nephrectomy. But there are other conversations ongoing that don’t necessarily have the same pathway. And with nothing has been assured, we can't anchor you on any particular pathway. But we are having multiple conversations.
Gary Guthart: So the stapling products that we have in the market today are primarily focused on colorectal surgery and we are seeing really nice adoption in that procedure. That's what they were designed for. Staplers are typically used in those procedures and the adoption of Intuitive’s product in that case has been good. So we've been pleased with that. Things like vessel sealing are used more broadly and so we see increasing penetration of our vessel sealer in a variety of procedures from general surgery to gynecology and others. So they’ve been good products for us. I think they are meeting customers’ needs and we've seen growth.
Gary Guthart: So we do track how often they use ours. I don’t think we've gotten to a place of disclosing what the breakouts are for each of those subunits. 
Gary Guthart: Sure. With regard to table motion, just the value of it, why do it, the value of integrated intraoperative table is that it allows the surgeon to position the patient using gravity. It’s something that they do frequently. It also allows the anesthesiologist an easier interaction to help manage the patient.  And the power of the integration we've done with our partner has been that it allows it to be done quickly and efficiently. So it’s fast. So the real value here is to speed up procedures. It allows them to do it seamlessly. And so we don’t think it’s so much opening a different market as it is making it easier on lower barriers.  The feedback too, they’ve been now used in dozens of cases in Europe where it has CE Mark. Feedback has been really good and the implementation done by the team is very, very good. So that looks good and we are encouraged. We've submitted the 510 (k) just recently, answer FDA’s questions as they come and work through that. It really is rounding out. It’s one of the features that rounds out the Xi platform. Intraoperative table motion is a strong beneficiary for general surgery procedures where folks are wanting to move around the abdomen, helps a lot in that setting. And so the fact that they can do that dynamically is powerful. Turning to Single-Site on Xi, Single-Site is already available, of course, as you know on the Si. There is nothing that's a technological limitation from putting it on Xi. It’s really been doing the work and getting the clearances.  What that will enable is the mid-sized hospital that owns one platform; they may have an Si now. They are doing Single-Site and they want to upgrade to an Xi, that’s completes the set for them so that they don’t have to step away from something on their Si system when they move to Xi. And so that's really the opportunity for us there and we are meeting our technical milestones and working through the set of validations that will be required to get clearance. So we are excited about it.
Gary Guthart: The conversation has generally been positive. As you know ROLLAR is really studies a little subgroup, right? So the trial design is such that it’s comparing advanced laparoscopists, highly laparoscopists to new robotic surgeons in rectal cancer. What's not said in that study is that the dominant treatment modality in rectal cancer is open surgery. So to show good data upfront as they presented, showing equivalence and leading towards some potential benefits even in that early stage in the small subgroup that is minimally invasively treated today, I think that's generally been seen as a positive. And so I don’t think it’s been ground shaking in either direction. But I think it’s generally been well received by our customer base. 
Gary Guthart: Yes, as we think about Sp and margins, in total really we're looking for those procedures where we can really show significant outcome value. And I think there are some really interesting potentials out there. Sp is a fundamentally different way to deliver the instrumentation relative to multiport. We have some experience in single port with Single-Site, but Sp allows us some different opportunities. That said it's a little more complicated. Now, the engineering side has done a great job. The engineering team in terms of getting both the cost structure and the performance where we want it has been very good. What we want to do is match that up with potential clinical outcomes that really are strong beneficiaries of our approach. That's really what the clinical side of work has been, and I'm feeling positive on it. I think that the design is really enabling.
Gary Guthart: On the time horizon, it depends a lot on which part of the world you are in. I think that as we've talked about in Japan, we now have a direct team there starting to perform more effectively. I think as they're integrating, that looks really good. There are barriers and other things that have to be overcome structurally. And how quickly those resolve I think will determine the pace of the commercial business, and we've talked about it already; things like reimbursement. In Europe, I think we're seeing a nice performance in several countries. The barriers are a little bit different, depending on which country it is. Not every country is working at the same pace. But we're seeing some of the return on the investments in Europe, and we expect both better performance out of Europe in future quarters, and some continued investment.
Gary Guthart: I think in the mid-term, there will be some trades here of some efficiency gains realized by hospitals and some increased penetration of advanced instrumentation. I think in the longer term, the efficiency gains will find a bottom and the advanced instrumentation will continue to grow.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, just speaking to the main levers here of system purchase decisions, there's really three levers that we've talked about and remain in place. One of them is upgrade. For a customer who has a system and is thinking about upgrading from an S or an Si or one of the prior systems, they are really looking out and saying, does Xi bring to them either outcome benefit or new service lines relative to prior products? That's where table motion and Single-Site can make a difference, particularly for single system hospitals. And so we think as those product lines fill out, that will help that upgrade pipeline. There are people who just buy purely on capacity. They have used the existing capacity of their system. As procedures grow, they look to do additional procedures; they will buy a second system or so. And the last one is really capacity, again, but often -- is it in the right place. If you are a larger institution or an integrated delivery network, you may be interested in moving the capacity to a different region or a different part of your service network. Sometimes they do that by moving systems; sometimes they do that by buying systems. So, capital decisions are really predicated on those three pillars.
Gary Guthart: We're always out scanning, really from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head, to think about where is current surgery difficult or outcomes suboptimal, and in a place where our kinds of technologies can make a difference. We're already participating in ENT with our Si product. We think Sp will have some real value to add in the ENT space over time. There are other things, of course, in our radars as we go. I think that thoracic surgery is something that's going to matter in the future and something that our kind of technology can make a difference in, in terms of things like lung cancer, mediastinal cancers and so on. And so we're looking at those things. And we have, of course, as you might imagine other things further out that as we get closer to commercialization we'll talk about.
Gary Guthart: Okay. Let me give Calvin the floor to just give a little color on the distribution of procedure growth and then we'll get back to it.
Gary Guthart: David, you said that visibility has improved. Performance certainly improved this quarter on the -- in terms of the how we manage our business and internally and procedures we have strong visibility; the procedures a little less so. But capital remains highly volatile, and just because of the way capital purchase cycles in different economies work.
Gary Guthart: I didn't see anything that looked really environmentally driven. As Calvin mentioned earlier -- I think moving with market trends tend to be things like prostatectomy and malignant hysterectomy, a little bit more mature, where those are probably more likely indicators of the total market behavior, rather than something specific to Intuitive. With regard to the major drivers that you've been talking about, really I think we've been working on them, in terms of new product launches, investments in Europe, investments in Asia, developing our team, and working on costs and margins. It's really been, roll up your sleeves and do the hard work. And we've had -- as you've said, some of those have come together a little earlier than others. I think one quarter is great. It doesn't make a trend, and our job is to keep doing it.
Gary Guthart: I think there are always things to be worked on, and we've talked about several of them. I think with regard to visibility and predictability of the financials of the business, I think that's really, as I said before, predominantly predicated on capital. I think there are some interesting things going in the market. I do think that market acceptance of robotic surgery is increasing. I think some of the debates of where it adds value are starting to be resolved. We see a different tone in some of the surgical conversations more broadly and I think that's a real positive. So, we feel good about that. Having said that, I think that working through reimbursement pathways, working through regulatory pathways, and building really capable organizations takes time. And that's what we're focused on, and that will be the biggest predictor of our long-term performance.
Gary Guthart: We've been unwavering in our commitment to bringing value to surgery and our belief that we can. And, as such, we have really believed that increased competition is inevitable. It's validating in that it has other people putting their investments where they think it will bring value. And I think that actually increases the presence of robotic surgery in surgical societies and in the industry broadly. In terms of our competitive position, clearly we've anticipated the increase in competitors over the years and we've not been idle during that time. So, we've been thoughtful and have I think made some investments that will make our position long-term sustainable.
Gary Guthart: With regard to China, while we're pleased with the procedure growth and it has been strong, you're absolutely right, in early markets where there aren't a lot of systems placed, then system placements drive procedure growth. And in mature markets -- or more mature markets like the United States, where you have more capacity than procedure growth, turns around and drives the systems. You were asking, what's the pivot or the inflection point there? It really comes down to accessibility, vis-a-vis the patient population you are trying to treat. So, how many systems are in the neighborhood of the patients who can benefit from them? And so that's really how you have to back into it: start with the patient population that can benefit from them, and work your way backwards into systems. It's a regional model. We try to do that, but it's not always trivial because of data accessible.
Gary Guthart: Well, thank you. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on helping surgeons increase patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking to you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: But I think you were headed towards -- is there additional leverage? And I think that although those are providing return, we'll continuously be investing in overseas markets. As we've characterized before, there's a really large opportunity out there and we have other things we have to get done.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah, David, this is Marshall. We philosophically really haven't changed how we approach decisions around cash and utilization of cash or buybacks. And we do have an intention to return excess cash to shareholders through stock buybacks. But as you know, we've executed those opportunistically based on market valuations. The stock market and our stock specifically has been volatile over time. And it creates opportunities for us to purchase stock at favorable prices. And, in fact, if you go back over the last two and a half years, we've repurchased more than 2 million shares at an average price of under $420 a share. So, we're philosophically aligned with what you just said, and that's how we've executed it.
Marshall Mohr: Sure. So, in Japan what we said was that we had a split of eight Sis and five Xis. Now remember, Xi was just introduced -- or just approved, I should say, just approved in late March, so you've really had the opportunity to sell it in a three-month cycle. Selling cycles in Japan are much longer than that. In fact, they take multiple quarters to get systems done. That's why you see Sis getting done in the quarter, because the process for which the budget was established by the hospital and the purchase process takes a long time. And so this is just completion of deals that were already in flight months before this. And it will take time for Xi. And all of that should be caveated with the point that right now we have one reimbursement in terms of prostatectomy. We're hopeful to get other reimbursements. But until such time that occurs, system purchases are going to be spotty at best.
