Jamie Samath: Think about the impact to Q2 placements roughly in the 5%-ish range in terms of without those supply constraints, those delayed semiconductor components the incremental systems that would have been delivered in Q2.
Jamie Samath: From a strategic perspective or a long-term perspective, setting aside the current supply chain challenges, some of the things that we consider in our own long-term planning is the size of our business as it grows over time in the various regions that we serve, where you might locate, redundant capacity or incremental capacity. And in terms of the economic equation, you’re trading the potential cost of redundancy with savings on freight and logistics to the extent that you can supply them in region. That economic analysis is relatively straightforward. And really, you’re just looking for the degree of redundancy you want and when does the regional businesses get big enough to warrant the economics. But certainly, what you described is something that we’re looking at carefully and have been.
Jamie Samath: Yes. So, we’re not going to get specific about 2023 at this point. You’ll obviously see us provide our outlook on the January call. What we’re doing with respect to R&D currently is investing in multiyear projects and investments. You see that in our newer platforms, Ion and SP. We have obviously investments in digital, many of which are at an early stage. And we do continue to invest in the fourth generation ecosystem. And we look at the returns on those investments carefully and have confidence in them. But in part because of the regulatory time lines that Gary described, they are multiyear investments and we think that the returns there are quite attractive. And so that’s why you see, for example, if you look at the first half, our R&D grew 30% relative to the overall growth of about 25% for OpEx. But if you take a multiyear view, given the growth opportunities that we see, you’d expect us to grow earnings over time. I’m not going to say whether that’s 2023 yet or not. And with respect to operating margins, specifically, what we’ve said is we look to be at the high end of our medtech peer set. And by medtech, that means high-growth companies that have growth opportunities as we see that we do. I'll speak to – for a second on SG&A. We do have some infrastructure that is either needs to be built out to support the growth particularly in manufacturing or we have some processes in IT and in other parts of the business where we're long lived on our pavement and there's some repaving or potholes to fix that we will finish. We do expect to see highly targeted spending in that area going forward. And as we retire, some of that project spend will be thoughtful about where we go next. So we'll start to see some of that expense start to titrate into next year.
Jamie Samath: Yeah. If I split between U.S. and O-U.S., what you've seen in the U.S. is relative maturity in understanding and acceptance use of our leasing program. It's been ticking up slowly over time while it will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on customer preference. I do think that will slowly continue to tick up just based on what we hear from customers. In O-U.S. where we offer leasing, which is not in every market, we’re at an earlier stage. And so you're seeing growing understand and acceptance as leasing as an option as they acquire capital. And so I'd expect that to continue to climb over time.
Jamie Samath: Yes, I just say the softness in the U.S. capital pipeline is clear, and it’s been clear for two quarters. What you saw in placements in Q2 was actually OUS placements grew as compared to a year ago. We haven’t seen any clear and specific indications on capital weakness that I call out. Obviously, China had a challenging quarter with respect to procedures. But you look at the macro, you look at what’s happening in Europe. You could imagine that might be a challenge as you look forward, but nothing that I call out at this point.
Jamie Samath: Yes. On the micro question, so that was malignant TORS. It's a small but high-value segment. Roughly TAM number of surgeries performed is in the 10,000 per year range. So a relatively small market. But like I said, for surgeons and patients, really high value. In terms of where it might go, I'll let Gary expand on that.
Gary Guthart: That continues to be choppy, and we expect, certainly for Q3 and perhaps forward that we’ll continue to fight those fights in terms of timing of supply. On the second question – the second part of your question on recession, clearly, our hospital customers are under financial pressure. We have seen that at the end of Q1 and had communicated with you at that time. I think relative to where we were as Intuitive a decade ago, the size and strength of the installed base, the relative position that we have in terms of centrality to surgery and multiple disciplines and the expression of that in recurring revenue, the percentage of our business that’s in recurring revenue, I think gives us a little bit better shock absorption and predictability in terms of a large part of the revenue of the business. And gives us a few more degrees of freedom in terms of how we make our investments and time those investments relative to 2008, 2009. We are close with our customers. I am personally in contact with many. The trends that we’ve been describing to you, I think we understood pretty well the size and duration of those trends in terms of pressure, very hard for any of us to predict. And you had a follow-on.
Gary Guthart: Looking at two things, I think let me broaden the question. Looking at the regulatory environment globally and in particular, in the United States and Europe, we have seen a trend in medical device and in robotic-assisted surgery for increasing data requirements. Sometimes those are trials, sometimes there are other kind of data. That trend has continued, and it’s impacting all of us in the market, including Intuitive. You can expect that we will improve the Gen 4 product that’s out there. We can get good ideas and technologies into our existing customer base hands and improve their utility, we will do that. We are, of course, working on next generations. And as I’ve said before, generations after that, without answering your question specifically, the deeper the technologic opportunities and the clinical impact, the more likely you have a deeper validation work to do. And we’re not afraid of that work. I’d rather do things that are really clinically meaningful for the customer. And if we have to do the work, then we’ll do the work. I will say for everybody on the call, it’s clear that relative to a decade ago, the investment trough and the time lines for new systems have both increased. The time lines have increased because of the changing regulatory environments in several countries. And as a result, the amount of investment that has to go into that has also changed. It’s also increased. I think, and this is a prediction that it will also extend the useful life of products that we design. So it’s taking a little longer to get to market than it used to, maybe more than a little, it’s costing us more to get there. But that change in environment also means that really well-designed systems probably have longer use for life in the field. And I think we’re starting to see that early evidence of that as well. So thank you for the question, Larry.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Hard to predict the depth in duration of hospital pressure. So I won't, I will talk about what the – I think what the inputs are, what they're faced with. Clearly, they're constrained on labor and the labor costs because of that constraint have gone up. That's not something that will resolve quickly. They're also facing inflationary pressure in some of their materials that they purchase, and they don't have enormous flexibility to change pricing on their side. So I would expect profitability constraint on the hospital side to be present. In light of that, one of their first tools in their toolkit is to try to get greater productivity out of existing assets and capital, and Intuitive will help them. If there's more productivity to get out of the products they already owned, we will help them do that. I still think there are hospitals out there that are going to be strategic that are in better financial condition. And if they want to build a new capacity and a new product line says SP or Ion or to branch out into a new region, then they'll do that. And we'll help them do that as well. I don't think this is a one or two quarter resolution. It's certainly going to be something longer than that. With regard to change in lease and how do we think about leases going forward? Jamie, I'll ask you to take that.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, it was a kind of a directional comment more about averages than about a particular product line. So I discourage anybody looking at a particular product line and try to infer from it. We have a basket of things we do and on average, it's gotten longer. Strategically I think there are a couple of things that strengths in the business versus a decade ago that help us and give us more flexibility, more freedom. And that is both the deep penetration we have in the market, the large size of the customer base in terms of active users. If we can get them a technology and increments, we’re not as dependent on capital revenue. And as years pass, I think, the recurring revenue side is a strength for us. If that increases productivity for the hospital, that’s great. It turns out that gives them better financial returns on the investments they made. But also our economic profile is stronger in repeat use utilization than it is in capital change. So what that means to us is bring capital change when it really is differentiated, when it really brings incremental clinical value or new market access to our customers. And that’s what we’re focused on. With regard to the regulatory side, our goal is to be really good at it to get the right data we need at the right time to underwrite the first time and take care of it. And those types of requirements ebb and flow over time. And we’re in a particular state where the requirements are quite high and we’ll deal with it.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Robbie, on that first question, it’s a good one. And I appreciate it. Clearly, the utilization of systems and the posture of hospital acquisition relative to systems differs by country based on the maturity of our markets and the depth of penetration of da Vinci. We tried to call that out a little bit in the script. Jamie, I don’t know if there’s additional color you’d like to apply.
Gary Guthart: On – you had asked kind of how do we expect China to proceed in procedures in the back half. Of course that’s impossible for us to predict what I might ask Brian is you might just reiterate some of your comments as what’s assumed in the model in terms of [indiscernible].
Gary Guthart: Appreciate the question. In terms of drivers of growth, first kind of zoom out, we are in the thick part of the adoption curve in the United States in general surgery across multiple sub-procedures and there's real room there. I don't think we're saturated and response has been really good and our training numbers and adoption and the underlying capability of our Gen 4 products has been great; so that's one. Two, we're seeing investments that we've made many years ago in rounded teams, rounded intuitive teams in key countries payback now, and that has been fantastic. So it starts with growth in oncology, oncologic surgical procedures outside of urology – in addition to urology, so we're seeing that but we're also seeing the early indications of adoption in benign surgery in our U.S. markets, which is frankly an exciting green shoot in the sense that that could follow a pathway that mirrors what we saw in the U.S. So I think there's lots of opportunity there and, and that has to do with bringing our instruments, our accessories, our ecosystem, our training capabilities, our data capabilities into our priority country markets over time. So we've got that. We have outstanding innovations that are coming to market. Ion is doing really well in the U.S. Ion will go deeper into other applications. We're trying to bring it to Europe or in that process will bring it to Asia over time. SP, SP is having great success in Korea. We're bringing it to Japan. We're working on additional indications for the United States. SP has differentiated capability, and as those indications get added and it's hard work I think it will bring incremental procedures to our customers and then to us over time. And those are procedures that are either rarely done with daVinci or not done with daVinci at all. And I think that's another leg of opportunity and how many years does that take? Well, they will layer out – those things will layer out over time. In terms of regional performance we have those opportunities in front of us right now. In terms of things like SP and Ion; SP is one of the more mature technologies in new platform. I think its economics are looking increasingly good for intuitive, and as they continue to knock down additional clinical indications I think that'll add strength. Ion has been growing like a weed. It's less mature in terms of its financial profile, but we're working hard on it and so I think those things will contribute as well. So I think we have irons in the fire that we have confidence in.
Gary Guthart: Thanks Rick. On the basics in our more mature daVinci markets, our data facility and in terms of the ability to collect, analyze and share insight with our hospitals has been really good. And they are the things that allow them to compare the efficacy and efficiency of their daVinci program. Relative to others in their own hospital group relative to national and international norms, it allows them to make decisions about where capacity are going, where there are opportunities for improvement within their system? We use that routinely. It is not a new idea; it's starting to become really baked into all the workflows and processes. We're automating a lot of that capability, so that's been fabulous. At the other end of the spectrum we are engaged with hardcore healthcare researchers looking at what AI and our data sets can bring in terms of improved outcomes, personalized training, faster time to competency and the excitement level there is quite high, and we're continuing to invest down that pathway. So in one set, it's used every day and another set, I think, it's in the innovation engines and its informing discovery. And I believe those discoveries, in a few years, will change the nature of surgery and some of the training that we do. So I think there's an opportunity on both sides.
Gary Guthart: I – we've said this before, in our digital efforts in terms of digital tools, some of them are – the way we do our financial analysis, some of them are value creating through efficiency and labor savings on our side or on the hospital side and the investments are really a reduction in our cost to serve. So that's one category. There's another category that is around accelerated time to competency that lowers our cost to serve through having people get through their implementation and programmatic processes more quickly. The third category is direct revenue opportunity. We have things in the field working in all three of those categories. So none of them is empty. In terms of pricing and customer acceptance of our value proposition, we are out in our training opportunities in some of our augmented reality spaces and in our Intuitive Hub starting to explore those. Some of them are very, very early. Some of them are reasonably mature in terms of what our pricing and other models look like. What I would tell you is that relative to other sources of revenue, these should be accretive to our bottom line because of some of the cost savings, but they won't be huge revenue lines in the near term. I would not set the expectation that all of that turns into big time revenue. Our biggest thing and our focus is to help our customers, hospitals get to great, high-functioning, minimally invasive surgery programs using our products. If we do that, then they will find a way to pay us. And so far, that economic engine has worked well for them and it's worked well for us.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I think that SP and invasive surgery has opportunities to extend the kinds of procedures that are done robotically and we'll look to Korea as a guide in that they have broad clearances. And they're using it all over the body from gynecology to breast oncology and other things where they see value. And I think that as that clinical evidence comes through and as the clearances expand, you'll see incremental opportunity that is reasonable for us and, I think, exciting for our customer base. We'll detail those things further in future calls as that data starts to publish. That was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple lane: Better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It follows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a care, a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where diseases are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
