Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2018 and 10-Q filed on October 22, 2018. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events section, under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial results. Then I will discuss procedures and clinical highlights, and provide our updated financial outlook for 2019. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Yes, I mean regarding procedures, like we said in the prepared comments, it's really the procedure growth that drives demand for capital placement. So you mentioned a number of other factors, things like trade-ins, leasing programs, new product introductions. Things like that then can have an effect on the results either. But we talk about these things possibly fluctuating quarter-to-quarter and it comes down to just laying out your model and your frame of thought and working backwards from the install base and working at the installations. But there's a lot of the factors that you described are what's in the world. And mature procedures will a moderate growth for sure. We also know that in some cases, for example, there was a publication of couple of articles about the cervical cancer in New England Journal, and that can change procedure growth rates too, so and create a headwind. So there's a little bit of puts and takes here. In general, we are feeling like the business is strong and there’s strong momentum. But there are some things that will moderate as well.
Calvin Darling: Well, it's been a successful program. I mean, it's been a way for us to offer hospitals an opportunity to expand their capacities without the initial capital investment. So it's been very successful. I'm not sure the numbers completely jive with what you said. We were 25% of placements in Q3 and 29% in Q4. We're under operating leases. So you saw that step-up quite a bit in the last couple of quarters. And so our comments are like, okay, we're here now, slightly to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter from where we ended the year. And then over the long-term, it could increase.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. I think that the step up and spend is maybe slightly weighted towards SG&A, but pretty even across the categories, the elements of SG&A are as I discussed, the expansion OUS and the investments we’re making in China, India and Taiwan those are commercial organizations and that appears in SG&A. Of course, SG&A will grow a lot of costs that fluctuate with revenue such as sales compensation and incentive compensations flow through SG&A. However, in the R&D area, we will continue to invest in SP, Ion and Vision and advanced instruments. And then as I said, will be accelerating some of our investments in digital capabilities or informatics.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. So I think, Bob, these are multi-year investments and as Gary referred to it in his script, if you go back and you look at sort of what we said, we did in Japan, the investments were made early on in it, but you continue to make those investments overtime to get to a point of where you might see a real return from them. And in the case of Japan, we’ve been investing in Japan for 10 years and we’re now seeing the fruits of that investment in terms of a 12 procedure reimbursement. So, I wouldn’t characterize these as a one-time event. I think we’ll continue to invest in some of those things for quite some time. As far as how this – you came up with $75 million, how the – how you would proportion the pieces, I think I pretty much laid it out for David, there’s a chunk of spending associated with the expansion OUS in China, India and Taiwan, that will – you’ll see that primarily in the SG&A line, but there’s an equal set of investments being made in terms of informatics as well as investments to scale the business investments in expansion in automation of the manufacturing group, so…
Marshall Mohr: Yes. Ion will be rolled out in a measured fashion to create a good foundation. And so the consequences of both on the revenue and the gross margin line will be very small.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. So the quota, just to recap for everybody, 154 systems, keep in mind that 154 systems is for surgical robots. If there were to be competitors that got their product approved in China. They would share in that quota. So it's not just quota for us. The quota has been released. However, there are tendering processes that the hospitals have to go through. Let me remind you, the last time we got a quota in 2013. Most of the systems were shipped near the end of 2015. So it took awhile. When I would say – and then finally, the other implication is that there is a 25% tariff on the robots that the Chinese have imposed. We think that there's high interest in robotics in China, so I don't know, what that 25% – how that 25% will affect to their desire to buy. What I would say is that the pattern of placements will be few in the first half and more near the end of quarter period, which is 2020.
Gary Guthart: I think a little bit of both that are going on I think in the competitive world. On the first side of our customers going to choose, I think customers appreciate choice and will expect it from us and from others. And in all things they’ll evaluate competitive offerings. For us, we focus a lot on understanding what the workflow environment is, understanding the total cost, not just the constituent cost of price of the system or price of the instruments and accessories is really total cost to use the product, stability, usability, supply chain stability all of those things I think are valued when people are putting a fair amount of their surgical volume onto a platform. And I think it’ll take some time for folks to fully absorb and understand that. And I think also there’s some nice effects about surgeons training surgeons. There’s a large install base of surgeons, they interact with each others through surgical societies. They proctor each other. And I think that that allows our compound cycle of learning that’s been effective. To the question of what does it do, as some of the other larger competitors declared their desire of enter. I do think it validates for the broader market, the things we believed for many years and have been investing towards for many years. So, I think it’s a signal to everybody that these technologies and approaches are going to be important to the future. That said, there are smart people in all these organizations and outside of our company and we’ll see, we have evaluated many of the competitive concepts that we see out there, often making them for ourselves and evaluating them over the years. We really make our decisions based on what we think the customer needs and as a forward look and as a result, I think we may be wrong about some of our decisions, but we’ve tried to be well informed about our decisions.
Gary Guthart: I do believe that some advanced MIS surgeons are becoming increasingly open to the use of robotic surgery and intelligent surgery. And we see it today in the market. We see bariatric surgeons interested in our technologies, and that's a domain that is high laparoscopic penetration. So I believe there's an opportunity there. I would separate the idea of capital being the only thing to think about as an opportunity to pursue that that growing idea in advanced laparoscopy. And what I say is that I think physicians are going to balance multiple criteria. They’re going to look at total cost to treat. So the capital, the cost to service that capital, instruments and accessories, the outcomes that they get from it, efficiencies and human capital time or human labor time in the OR and they're going to balance that. And I think all of those are up for discussion when you think about trade-offs between advanced laparoscopy and intelligent surgery. We think there's an opportunity there. We will pursue that opportunity. When I hear folks kind of over rotate to just capital cost on systems, I kind of think about how excited are people to jump aboard, just good enough commercial airliner. For sure, if you're flying commercial airline, you want the lowest total cost per passenger mile, but you can get that a lot of different ways and cheapening the capital, maybe not the best way. We evaluate all of those elements, we have thought about them deeply and we've made investments to pursue what we think is the right leadership position there.
Gary Guthart: Sure. Those two are related, but we'll start with augmented reality or mixed reality and that's something we have been working on for some time. And the world has been interested in. The idea here is to use multiple sources of information preoperative CT scans or MRI scans, intraoperative other imaging like ultrasound or florescence imaging, molecular imaging. And combine them in ways that allow the surgeon or physician to see things differently. It is embedded in inherent in Ion already that some of that core capability is required. We're also bringing some of that core capability to our da Vinci systems. In the beginning it will be around preoperative imaging and some intraoperative imaging mixed together for the surgeon in real time. First, I'd expect first clinical uses this year and the beginnings of the study that go around that. I don't think it will be a meaningful revenue contributor in the near-term. But I think it's one of the things that can really change outcomes, efficiency and the procedure and outcomes now it remains to be proven. But, we're excited about it. That's one leg of our thoughts around informatics and you've heard us talk about this over the years from strengthening our cloud computing capabilities. Internet connected our systems a decade ago to a partnership and then an increased and closer investment with InTouch Health around routing of data quickly and low latency in real time to internal capabilities around managing data legs and providing for customers, offline processing that allows them to compare their programs and take advantage of some advances in machine learning. Those are the types of elements that we're bringing to bear. It's nice. We have a foothold, we have some brilliant scientists who are advancing and leading that cause. And we think we have discrete deliverable steps that we can do and then validate that will start bringing real value to the market.
Gary Guthart: Let me speak to the first two and I'll let Mark will speak to the last one on margins. There's always a risk that things slow down. We are in engaged contact with FDA and so far we're feeling pretty good about it. But I can't speak to what the long-term implications will be in terms of shutdown dynamics. In terms of clinical data, there'll be – if things proceed the way we hope, we’ll start collecting additional data as it comes out. In terms of ones that gets published, I think it will depend on the timing of the clearance and the speed with which some of the installs happened. We think that the demand pipeline for Ion looks really good. The scientific response to FDA's questions, we feel good about and the engineering team and supply chain team, bringing those early systems out looks really good too. So I'm really pleased with the internal teams’ performance and the setup of activities. With regard to margin impact, Marshall.
Gary Guthart: With regard to early themes, the feedback has been that usability on the new platform is got a little – slightly different set of operating principles has been a positive surprise. Also the physician excitement about its ability to reach into small places and some of the flexibility at exhibits relative to setup and access has been a really positive surprise for us, which has been great. So that's been good. I think pacing demand looks really good. We are for sure supply constrained relative to demand and the pacing there will really be around a couple of things. One is we want to get our supply chain partners ready for real volumes. So we knocked down some of the issues that make it, take them awhile to produce things and we want to solve some of the manufacturing bottlenecks. The second thing is we want some of the additional indications that give our customers a little more flexibility with how they can use the product. So that'll pace it. We don't have a timeline yet for you on those two things. Both of them have a little bit of uncertainty in them. The FDA review of submissions being one and working down some of the technical bottlenecks is the other. I don't see any insurmountable technical challenges. I think it's just work. But so far so good and we're feeling like they're meeting the plan, we said.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Thank you. You think about freestanding centers. There's kind of two dimensions on which you think about freestanding surgery centers. One of them are hospital owned outpatient departments. We are already well used and appreciated in those settings. So that's the physical structure is kind of the same and it's just how the ownership and operations are organized. Freestanding centers that are owned by group practices not hospital owned of a little bit different reimbursement in economics. We actually do see some of them starting to express interest and adopt robotics. I think that as we were saying earlier in the call, which procedures go there, depends both on the reimbursement of the procedure and the efficiencies with which products get used. And I think that for the right settings, Gen-4 can be quite strong.
Gary Guthart: We believed that the operating leases are a good thing. We would, if having the choice place a system under an operating lease rather than sell the system, it reduces this fluctuation, like you said, it stabilizes sort of the revenue stream, if you will. It also in terms of if there were an upgrade cycle, what we've seen in studies is that the upgrade cycle is quicker when there's leases versus purchase product. So we think it's positive in a number of ways. However, it's up to customers. We really leave it to customers to decide what is best for them and we will fulfill that. And so it’s hard for us to predict exactly, where the customer will go and to what level will wind up with leases versus purchase.
Gary Guthart: Clearly, the strategic motivation behind India and Taiwan are a little bit different. With regard to Taiwan, in terms of actual size, not going to be a huge part of the business. However, it’s an influential market, we – the distributor there that we were working with was, well built, and we think that it, it’s a group that does good surgery and has a good influence in the region. I think it’s important to serve that customer base well, but it’s not a massive financial impact by any means nor do we expect it to be. India has, I think, a fair amount of runway where it is today, and where it might be in a decade can be quite different. And so here, the idea is, it will take some time to build our capabilities in India, but we also think it’s an economy that’s been growing. There’s a strength in the surgical community in India both there and globally. And so it’s an important long-term market for us. We think that financially, of course, it can become a significant part of Intuitive’s business over the years. And the point of illustrating some of the Japanese example is that building a real presence and building the organization and the trust within the healthcare community in those markets takes time. So, if you want to get there in a decade and you better start, and that’s really what’s driven us in those two markets.
Gary Guthart: In several countries, we are a substantial share of the surgical market, think of the United States prostatectomy or partial nephrectomy in the United States or hysterectomies for certain conditions. And as a result, we see that part really growing at the demographic trends rather than changing share of approach trends. And that’s true in the U.S., it’s true in some countries in Europe with regard to prostatectomy and some of the urologic procedures. In Japan, we’re already quite highly penetrated in prostatectomy and increasingly so in nephrectomy. So that that was the – what’s some of the detail or examples of what underlies the more general comment.
Gary Guthart: We do quantify it. We monitor it closely. And there is not a market difference between what the utilization rates are on leases versus purchased product.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Some level of moderation, particularly in the U.S. is a part of the trend and obviously, more moderation at the lower end and less moderation at the higher end. But the range will be largely, the range itself is largely effective. The biggest factor is going to be the breadth and pace of growth in U.S. general surgery, largest category now. Then the mature procedures and some other factors regarding growth in China, timing of placements of new systems and the pace of adoption of reimbursed procedures in Japan.
Gary Guthart: Well, thank you. Thank you for the questions. That was our last one. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls. Our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We’ve built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking to you again, in three months.
