Gary S. Guthart: Well, you are right, I think many of the studies that were cited in the AAGL statement actually compare robotic surgery to laparoscopic surgery, and really failed to recognize that the majority of the robotic cases would have probably previously been done via laparotomy. We had as you recall as we’ve gone through our sizing if you will of our target market, we’ve talked about this pretty specifically over the years, when we started really with the da Vinci Hysterectomy, I think it was estimated that somewhere along the lines of 66% of the hysterectomies performed in the United States were being performed through laparotomy. I believe the solution database, which is a division of Thomson Reuters, I think in their most recent publication I think goes to 2011, they estimated that only 39% of the procedures in the United States, now the hysterectomy procedures are being performed through laparotomy.
Gary S. Guthart: Some improve quickly in margin and some take greater investment and longer time.David R. Lewis – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah, I think as you started out in your question. I think you accurately stated the way we feel about it. It is too early for us to call 90 days have passed since the last time we talked and we watched a little closer, where we’ve seen a favorable Q4 recognizing the Q3 as historically a seasonally slower quarter. And so I think trying to draw too many conclusions at this stage is probably not in anyone's best interest. So I can say that we didn't see a great deal of difference other than the numbers in terms of the discussions with the physicians, I think people are pretty much in the same place today as they were in Q3, however the numbers have shown an improvement, and we will watch it and we’ll see when we feel safe to call it a drop.Tycho W. Peterson – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then in terms of the quarter, in terms of placements, were you able to call out the impact of DA order at all, we had to keep watching about that.
Gary S. Guthart: So the DA contract was for about $34 million of products that was a contract for both systems initial stocking of instruments and accessories as well as other things that go with like simulators. And we did ship majority of what was under that contract in the last quarter.Tycho W. Peterson – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just last one as we think about full ramp of the stapler here. I know you’re kind of still in the trailing period in working with [KOLs], but when should we think about that moving into kind of full commercial launch.
Gary S. Guthart: Like in the U.S. it’s a hard think to model.Lawrence S. Keusch – Raymond James Financial: Got it and then just two other quick ones, just relative to the 510 clearance that you guys are anticipating for Firefly in biliary, could you talk about how important that is to proceed the option of Single-Site Chole. It seems to me that obviously we can reduce kind of bile duct injuries that would be a positive with that technology. And then separately, I think last quarter you provided some feel for kind of in the U.S. what procedures grew if you were to adjust for the declines in prostatectomy. I was wondering if you can help us with that in the fourth quarter. 
Gary S. Guthart: Just speaking to the first one, the 510(k) submission for Firefly biliary imaging that has just been submitted this quarter, so in terms of when we expect clearance, no end point to tell you about yet. We do think that biliary imaging in real time is interesting and meaningful for Cholecystectomy for the reason that you indicated that a common bile duct injury is a serious complication, and we think that Firefly can augment the white light imaging and be a complement to cholangiography, so that’s the intend. We‘ve just started that conversation with FDA and as it proceeds in we have something more material to share we will. With regard to the break outs on kind of the adjustments and the procedure mix, I’ll turn to Aleks.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. And just looking at the numbers on a full-year basis, dVP on a full-year basis was down 15%, as Aleks described in his notes, if you kind of back that out in the U.S. everything else was up about 39%.Lawrence S. Keusch – Raymond James Financial: Thank you so much.
Gary S. Guthart: Hi, Rick.Rick A. Wise – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: If you could just give us a little more color on some of the structural changes you’re making in Europe. Gary, you indicated that you’re making significant progress as you’ve deepened the organization. just a couple of things, how long do you envision this investment, maybe extraordinary investment process continuing and maybe, give us a little more details about some of the specific actions, if you could that you’re taking place and maybe how you’re approaching the market or Pan-Europe or company specific, anything to just to understand a little better, some of the things that are happening there? Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart: I think we’ll be concentrating on it through the year and by this time, next year; we don’t ask that same set of questions.Rick A. Wise – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Gary S. Guthart: Just time for one more question, if you will.Rick A. Wise – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Japan, just again, I think you said a significant demand, with the da Vinci Si approval on hand, is this going to be an incremental driver or we’re going to see more upgrades maybe in 2013, getting help or bring that for us? Thank you.
Gary S. Guthart: I think there are really two things to say with regard to Si approval in Japan. The first one is we’re excited about the approval in large part, because it allows us to bring the Japan with follow-on clearances, a set of technologies that we think have really made a down set in the rest of the world and things like Single-Site and Firefly and thus assuming to counsel and simulate or a bunch of things that we invest on the SI system side. So we’re excited about that. I think structurally though in the longer term, the Japanese market penetration will be based by additional procedure reimbursement and so near-term it’s a great thing to get in the hands of Japanese customer. We need to continue to work on reimbursements beyond Prostatectomy and we will continue to do so. Rick A. Wise – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you so much.
Gary S. Guthart: Thank you. That was our last question. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics, such as revenues and profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value and by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following experience from Warne in California gives you some sense what this means in the lives of our patients. “Last year I made a donation to the Sutter Maternity & Surgery Center. I had no idea that some day I might benefit by the use of this system. Having ontological engineering background, I am interested in innovations that benefit people. I consider this system to be a must have tool for our surgical centers. A few months ago after successive urine samples show traces of blood, my nurse practitioner asked me to see a urologist. Dr. Joe Franks discovered a small cancer in my bladder which I removed on May 8, 2012. A follow up CT scan on May 25, showed a tumor in my left kidney, because I am 88, I was considered borderline for surgery and if the mass appeared to be stable, I might be lucky enough to outlive the tumor. This was not to be, by late July, I was passing visible blood in my urine. On August 1, Dr. Franks agreed we should go ahead with surgery if my internist gave the okay. On Friday, August 30, internist pronounced me to be fit and I was on the list for surgery. On Saturday, Dr. Franks called me to say there was a surgery cancellation for that Monday morning, August 6. : Patients like Warne are the strongest applicants for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving about a few things that truly make the difference. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Aleks Cukic: That depends on what their experience is going into that case. In other words, are they completely laparoscopically trained, are they laparoscopically naive, are they robotically trained, robotically naïve, and I think each one of those is a little bit different, but I would say that by and large, you will have people that will do multi-incisioned cholecystectomies with the traditional da Vinci system or they will do some other procedures prior to moving into the single incision surgeries. I don’t know that I can say that there is a typical profile and/or a typical experience.Ben Andrew – William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just maybe a quick question for Marshall, can you talk a little bit about the expectations on guidance, and specifically thinking about Europe, if you guide to the 20% to 23% procedure growth, does that give you 25% U.S. and 15% Europe or international more broadly, just characterize for us what you built in there, please? Thanks.
Aleks Cukic: We’ll be advancing it carefully the first half of this year and likely through the full year, so in the first half, we expected the customers in this first quarter, and will advance as slowly as we get the customer feedback and really make sure that we’ve optimized their experience. So this will be a conservative launch, really focused on the fact that, stick when you sell, and we want to make sure that our customer is having great experiences.Tycho W. Peterson – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Aleks Cukic: Well, I think as we’ve said in the past, the world is getting smaller, information is shared quickly and narrow our same senses if you will of participants at both national and international meeting. So I think there is some effect and it is in some markets, it’s probably felt a little bit more than in others. In other words, in a place like Japan where you’re starting relatively new, there is a lot of growth ahead of us and you’re probably powering through that, any concerns – if there were some concerns about whether or not, PSA screening is appropriate or conserve the treatment, whereas in other countries it’s probably a little bit more pronounced. So I don’t know that we can necessarily label Europe homogenously and believe more international for that matter and believe that it’s something that resembles – each country resembles the next, but I think there are probably some markets where it’s a little bit more pronounced than others.
Aleks Cukic: Yeah, I think it’s pretty consistent with what I had mentioned earlier in terms of Hysterectomy, if cholecystectomy, colorectal surgery, endometriosis resection, partial nephrectomy, I mean those procedures are the ones that I think primarily are the strength for the quarter and for the year.
Aleks Cukic: Yeah. I think if you look at again, we believe, we talked about 42,000 procedures, up from 15,000 in 2011. If you look at the biggest contributor there it’s cholecystectomy. And almost all of those procedures had been done laparoscopically, because the standard of care is laparoscopic cholecystectomy. So that one I think is fairly simple to say where it’s coming from. If you look at bowel surgery and specifically large bowel or colon, you have left colons. You - starting the other side you have right colon is transverse, left sigmoid moving down into the rectum and then you have total colectomy. depending on which procedure each of those are accounted as a different procedure, depending on which of those procedures you’re talking about, if you did it inversely and you started at the most difficult or the lowest penetrated laparoscopically it would be low rectal cancer. There you are talking about data which suggest that it’s single digit penetration of laparoscopy whereas if you’re talking about right colon, it’s double digit and I have seen numbers perhaps as high as 20% or 21% or 22%, that is laparoscopic. So you have a range of where those patients would have gone either to a open surgery or laparoscopic surgery and then you have a smattering of procedures that range from some open, that would have been done open, whether it would be distal pancreatectomy or liver surgery and then you have other procedures such as Nissens that may have been laparoscopically. So there is a lot of movement that’s going on which is I think was an earlier question that Ben had asked about general surgery, you have what amounts to I think 40 some procedures that have been done and trying to build an individual profile for general surgery is a challenge.David H. Roman – Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then maybe just a follow up on the guidances obviously 20% or 22% procedure guidance is a sold number. I mean look at that in contrasted with a total revenue guidance, it does imply a fairly sharp slowing on the system side of the business. Is there anything particular to call out there, is it comps, is it lapping the Japan reimbursement or anything to help us understand why that business would start – would slow to the degree that the guidance implies.
