Travis Steed: I'll start out with the 26% procedure growth. Can you just comment a little bit on how much of this is just a better hospital environment, better procedure environment, versus maybe some uptick in share gains from robotics? And a little bit more color on the January, February versus the March, just curious if you think this is some kind of temporary catch-up here or some sustained better procedure environment kind of moving forward. 
Travis Steed: Just more about the January, February versus the March and if it was more of an early part of the catch-up, I think you answered part of that, versus some sustained better environment here into April. . 
Travis Steed: Great. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about the price increase on I&A. Is it like across the board for just the U.S.? I assume, but I wanted to clarify that. And the math I was doing of about 150 basis points on margin but the gross margin guide still staying the same at 68% to 69%, so I just wanted to make sure I understood the moving parts on the margin side and how you're incorporating that into the overall margin guidance. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. January, in particular, was very strong. That also probably reflects in part a little bit of the comp. February continues to be strong, and I characterize March as a normalized growth rate. I'm not going to give you the percentages, though, I think that can be misleading. Early part of April, it's difficult to look at just a couple of weeks. But I'd say generally, it's consistent with what we've seen in March. We've seen some third-party data through end of February, just with respect to total U.S. inpatient admissions, and that shows kind of the same trends in terms of a strong January, February. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. So the 5% is in the vast majority of our markets, a couple of smaller markets, where local dynamics are such that we have to take a look at that more carefully. That doesn't go into effect for the full year, that's in the next couple of months that we'll implement that. I think if you look at the gross margin impact of the $100 million, depending on where you're modeling revenue, I think you have to do it with and without revenue and gross margin dollars to do the impact to gross margin percentage. I think it's less than the number that you described. And yes, it is reflected in the gross margin guidance that we provided. So what you have there is the puts and takes of the Q1 performance, our updated outlook for the rest of the year and then you add in the effect of the price increase. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. I would say that the environment is still challenging for hospitals. There's no question that they are encountering relatively significant financial pressures. Generally, we see customers, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, prioritizing their capital investment dollars based on where they see the greatest ROIs and where they have opportunities to gain market share. And so us, where we see that evidence is in where they start to have procedure growth, that means they're out of capacity and they look to invest in da Vinci to expand capacity given the economic evidence that they've accumulated with the experience of their programs.  Hard to answer your question directly in terms of what would the capital environment be if it were in, let's say, normalized times. For us, I think we're focused on this period on offering customers flexibility in how they acquire capital, meeting them with their financial objectives and serving their objectives in expanding their robotic programs. 
Jamie Samath: Yes. I would say roughly, depending on where you are in the range, Q2 and Q3 operating expenses should be roughly similar to Q1, and you start to see a less of effect just from the payroll tax reset in Q2 and Q3 as those max out, and you should see Q4 seasonally higher. 
Jamie Samath: It's a little early at this point. It's 2% to 3% of procedures and revenue. I think we want to give it a little more time, get a little more experience in the marketplace, execute some of the commercial activities that we have for the year. When it becomes a bigger portion of the total, maybe a year from now, we would look to do some guidance and give greater disclosure. 
Jamie Samath: I would just add, Jayson, there may be still some unmet backlog in China. If there is, it's probably relatively small, and it's captured within the procedure range that we provided. 
Jamie Samath: Yes, there was not an impact to revenue that I'd highlight in Q1. It was really just the gross margin impact of about 100 basis points that we highlighted. With respect to inventory, if I just look at the big picture, we've been trying to replenish inventory targets for each of our critical parts for some time. We've been supply constrained for a good portion of the pandemic. Inventory health improved in Q1 relative to Q4, but we still have a number of parts where we have to get to our target levels. And that will probably take us over the course of the rest of the year. 
Jamie Samath: Relative to trend lines, we saw benign strength in GYN also. So benign GYN growth rates were higher than we've seen in recent times and higher than long-term trend rates. And we think that speaks to kind of this backlog of patients' return to normal health care routines, et cetera. That's part of what's reflected in those growth rates. 
Jamie Samath: Yes, I would say our major international markets, so in Europe, Germany, France, U.K., Italy; in Asia, China, Japan, South Korea, they all performed well in the quarter. They all exceeded our expectations. And what we're seeing within those markets is nice growth in non-urology, so hysterectomy, colorectal, thoracic, depending on the market. We're starting to see, albeit at early stages, some of those procedures in those markets starting to get into an adoption curve. So I think that we're relatively optimistic on the outlook for those markets. Our expectations are reflected in the procedure guidance range that Brian provided . 
Jamie Samath: So I think Brian described what happened in Q1. We saw an impact in January in China. It started to recover in February and March. I think that the dynamics in China are relatively choppy, and I think it's a relatively dynamic market. So rest of the year, I think, there is relatively hard to predict. With respect to COVID impacts in the other markets, nothing that I would highlight. I do think that the financial pressures, staffing dynamics have as much of an impact in many of the European markets as they do the U.S. 
Jamie Samath: If you look at maybe a 5-quarter average, Drew, in the U.S., about 20-ish percent of the persistent placements is for greenfield accounts. But those greenfield accounts are really at hospitals that are part of a regional or national IDN that have not had a robotics program. Generally, they have a higher mix of benign procedures, benign general surgery in particular. And as the IDN at large has seen growing economic and clinical evidence for those procedures, particularly on the economic side, they've started to establish robotics programs in those greenfield accounts, again, as part of an existing IDN that we do business with. If you look at kind of the trend line, last couple of quarters, we've seen a little less greenfield mix in the system placements. I don't know that that's a trend. On a 5- or 6-quarter basis, it's relatively stable. 
Gary Guthart: Yes. On the first question of what's real pricing out there, there's a few competitors out there, a couple are trumpeting marketing claims about how much they're going to reduce I&A pricing. When we see them in tenders, when we actually see what's written down, we don't see the marketing claim. So I don't know that that's been realized yet or if it's something they want to do in the future, if they're really going to deliver, I don't know. . But we do have real-world evidence of engagement in our OUS markets with most of these competitors. And what we find is that the reality is we have a very strong portfolio, we can hit multiple price points because we have different systems that can hit it at different places. The other thing that goes on is that it's more than just whatever a company supplies to get to the total price per procedure. So if a new competitor enters and they have a short procedure set, in other words, they don't have everything you need, the customer will have to go to third-parties to fill it out to finish the case. Often in marketing materials, they don't make that clear, "Hey, you got to have more to get the case done." But in a tender, you do, which is, "Hey, this is all the stuff that it really takes to get a procedure done."  So we're feeling pretty good about where we are with regard to our ability to deliver economic value that really matters to our customer. I think that we're having real exchanges with them about what that looks like. So that's kind of a baseline. We have been investing in the virtuous cycle, manufacturing capabilities. Some of the capital you hear us investing is both facilities and automation, getting our factories in the right places in the world for logistics and for labor. We're doing those things to be able to lower our product costs, increase our quality as we get volume. That has been lumpy. I wish it was smoother, but it's been a lumpy process for us.  So the timing for us in terms of price increase is really not about a specific issue. It's not about a specific competitive issue or scrap. It's really around looking at the input costs that we're seeing over the last couple of years and component supply that comes to us from others and labor content, labor costs, and saying, "Hey, we're going to have to move a little bit here going forward." That doesn't diminish the other programs that we've done to make sure we're bringing value to our customers, extended life instruments and other price points that we can help them with. 
Gary Guthart: So the first question of kind of breakouts in your estimates, I'll let Jamie answer that, and I'll talk a little bit about Europe. 
Gary Guthart: On Europe, this first year, as we go in, we'll be relatively modest in terms of revenue and installs. I think we'll start the process. We're excited about some of the sites and clinical trial work that we need to do. We do have to do some evidence generation in Europe. We do want to look at some of the reimbursement capabilities that are going to be important for broader market access. So year 1 is really about establishing evidence, having the right conversations and building the database so that reimbursement and broader use can be deployed. 
Gary Guthart: Just a note, supply chain shocks through the last couple of years depleted inventory. Now we're building it back up. And given some of the lack of smoothness, we're probably holding a little more inventory than we would in more smooth times. That little additional inventory increases risk at some point. So we saw that in this quarter, we will work through it this year, but I think that risk still exists a little bit as inventory levels are higher than they were in the last 2, 3 years as we recover. 
Gary Guthart: It looks like Brian is looking it up. I'm going to do the second question first, and then Brian is going to come back and save the day. On BPH, so there are a lot of different treatments for BPH. It's a quite common condition. At smaller prostate sizes, when it's caught earlier, there are pharmacologic approaches. There are some minimally invasive in-office approaches. Those tend to delay further onset. They don't tend to cure. So folks, over time, fail out. And as they fail out of those other procedures, surgery becomes increasingly important.  SP, early days, looks to be quite interesting. It's a minimally invasive approach. It can deal with advanced stage disease that we think other approaches are not handling well at all. And so as we get involved, I think that's another arrow in the quiver of an SP urologist. I think that helps them. We're already engaged with those customers, and it may give us a lead to participate in a bigger part of that market as time goes on.  Back to the trend data, I'll go back. 
Gary Guthart: At the risk of being redundant, I think there's 2 concepts that are worth stitching together. One of them is that utilization went up 13% in the quarter procedures per system per year. So folks are using capital more frequently. There was an increase in the benign side. So we're seeing a rotation of mix, putting of those procedures onto systems that they own already. That was a big step-up. I think it speaks to how hospitals are thinking about robotic-assisted surgery programs and how they're thinking about capital.  And the simple answer is they're looking to see greater capital productivity out of what they already own and they see through real-world evidence, the ability to look into their own electronic medical record data, that their outcomes are really good with robotic-assisted surgery and their contribution margins are really healthy. So rotations on to those systems are happening. And I think that's been an acceleration at least in this quarter. So we'll see if it holds through the year, but I think it tells you a little bit about the capital environment and it tells you a little bit about the commitment toward robotic-assisted surgery, particularly in higher-volume, shorter-duration procedures. 
Gary Guthart: Yes, I'll speak to my perspective on China a little bit. I think it's a little bit different market for us than other places. The earlier questioner asked do we think there'll be a backlog and it will recover. Certainly, as they reopen, there'll be a backlog of patients that need to come back to surgery. We're such a tiny part of the overall surgery market, and we're so small relative to the total market size given the constraints of the quota, that how much of that comes to us and go somewhere else is going to be hard for us to predict. We're just going to have to live through it. So that's kind of number one. . The second one is the demand side is really high. The demand for additional systems and for training and patient demand for high-quality MIS is really good. We're waiting on clarity on additional quota, which is throttling the market right now. So those are the 2 things that I think have to clear up. We'll see patients come back at some rate. Whether they wait to get a robotic surgery in queue or they jump out of queue to get it, any way that they need to get it, that's going to be hard for us to know personally. And we'll see as the government responds to release of new quota.. 
Gary Guthart: I'll kick the first part on expansion into greenfields versus accounts that are already owned to Jamie. I ask you, Jamie, to think a little bit about there's corporate ownership IDNs and there's hospital-level ownership within those IDNs as to whether they had a robotics program or not. So perhaps tease those 2 apart a little bit. 
Gary Guthart: Just adding a little bit to your perspective, as we sit with our IDN-level customers and talk about this, one of the things that has been really exciting for us is, in the last few years, the ability to analyze carefully with the kind of data we can bring and the kind of data those IDNs have in terms of their electronic medical record to both understand which hospitals would benefit from robotic programs and what the total profitability is in their hands when they do it, that resolution has gotten a lot better. The quality of those conversations is fantastic. The confidence, I think, they have to reinvest because they can see the data in their own hands, even if they don't have it at a particular hospital, somewhere in their network, they have it and they can do that analysis. That has changed the nature of the conversation in the last few quarters, and I think you're starting to see a reflection of that now. 
Gary Guthart: Yes. Thank you. I think that not all customers are the same. There are different customers that have a different mission. Some customers view themselves as wanting to be test sites for anything that comes out, and they will do that. Some customers want to be training facilities and, as a result, want to be able to train anybody from any setting in allcomers. So we're going to see some cross-system sites.  But I think that's different. I think that's not the majority of the market. I think a lot of the market is going to be interested in great outcomes, high applicability of their systems, so that they can be used across multiple procedure categories and serious dependability. These are now being used more frequently. They're a part of everyday surgery for tens of thousands of surgeons now. And I think in that category, the bulk of the market, repeatability, dependability, outstanding outcomes, great access, great regulatory approvals and a lot of confidence in the company that can deliver it, I think those things are going to be assets. We'll see. I don't have a crystal ball. We'll see how it plays out. But so far, so good.  We'll go ahead and close from here. Thank you. In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions more broadly. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients; better experiences for their care teams; and ultimately, a lower total cost of care.  We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. At Intuitive, we envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better where disease are identified earlier and treated quickly, so patients can get back to what matters most.  Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in 3 months. 
