Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Director of Finance. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call maybe deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 3, 2014, and 10-Q filed on July 24, 2014. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results. Patrick will discuss procedures and clinical highlights. Then I’ll provide our updated financial outlook for 2014. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2014 in pro forma terms. As Marshall mentioned, our GAAP financial results and pro forma reconciliations are available on our website. Starting with procedures, on our last call we estimated full year 2014 procedure growth of between 5% and 8%, above the approximately 523,000 procedures performed in 2013. Now based upon trends described earlier on the call, we are increasing our 2014 procedure growth guidance to a range of between 8% and 9%. Consistent with our recent calls, we will not be providing revenue guidance. Moving on to gross profit margin. Our Q3 2014 gross profit margin was 200 basis points lower than Q2. Certain charges to Q3 2014 cost of sales that Marshall described earlier on the call were non-recurring in nature. We estimate that these non-recurring items accounted for about three quarters of the sequential decline. Our actual gross profit margin will vary quarter-to-quarter depending largely upon product mix and systems production volume. Operating expenses. Last quarter we forecast full year operating expenses to grow between 10% and 13% above 2013 levels. Now based upon the timing of certain expenses, we expect to grow our operating expenses between 9% and 11% above 2013 levels. We expect 2014 non-cash stock compensation to be towards the lower end of the $170 million to $180 million range forecast on our previous call. We expect other income, excluding the impact of the Q2 impairment charge, to total between $12 million and 13 million. With regard to income tax, we expect our pro forma based tax rate for the balance of 2014 to fall within a range of between 27.5% and 29% of pretax income. Our current estimate is directionally lower than our expectations earlier in the year, driven by the geographic mix of our pretax income. Note that the pro forma tax rate tends to run above the GAAP tax rate, driven by the geographic mix of the pro forma items. Our Q3 2014 diluted share count decreased to 36.9 million shares, reflecting the full quarter impact of our accelerated share buyback completed in Q2. We estimate our Q4 diluted share count to range between 36.9 and 37.1 million shares. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. I mean, I think you laid it out pretty well. This is an average, right. The average I&A revenue per procedure and our message is really just be aware of the average. You have got a widening and widening gap in the actual per procedure on the complex side and the less complex side. So, I don’t think we have any specific commentary whether it should be increasing or decreasing. It really depends on really, which factors win the day on this thing and you can be successful in any scenario as far as that goes.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I can help you over there. As you mentioned, we are three quarter off the way through the year. Q3 rounded up to 10% as we described. And on a year-to-date basis, we are also rounding up to 9%. It has a lot to do with the numbers. You are three quarters away through the year, but the fact is in order to get a 10% procedure range, let’s say you would have to do an excess of 12% in the fourth quarter. And based upon the trajectories and the procedures that we’ve seen in our projections, it’s just not we’re expecting at this time.
Gary Guthart: Yes. As we look at the systems sales side, as we described before really, we can describe our environment and that is really driven by three things. One is interest in acquiring technologies for existing customers and Xi is being well received and so we are seeing some interesting trade-ins. The second piece has been adding capacity if there are existing, possible existing customer and that will have to do with what their procedure mix and procedure growth looks like. And the last one is starting new programs. And in terms of looking at global capital equipment environments, you are probably in a better position to comment on that than we. In general, we are hospital, finances looks stronger that gives them flexibility. Turning to Europe, what we have talked about before is really true, it’s not a smooth distribution of customers. There are those who are interested in the most highly featured products and there are those who are interested in real price sensitive offerings. And so we see a little bit of both in that marketplace. So one size doesn’t fit all.
Gary Guthart: Speaking first to procedures, I think the procedure performance speaks for itself. We are seeing early adoption in several general surgery procedure categories. I think that’s a positive. As that grows and matures, I think, we'll see whether it continues and how fast it accelerates in general reports on things like ventral hernia and colorectal surgery have been really strong and leave us encouraged. I think with regards to the early impact of Affordable Care Act, we saw some uncertainty with regard to hospital finances as to how that would impact them and that uncertainty put them into a pause mode as it related to us. As I think they get better clarity than that that allows them to plan a little bit and looking forward should smooth things out. What will actually be like as time plays out we’ll have to see.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. The biggest reason for us to move it out a little bit was actually some of the positive things we’ve learned from our Xi launch. We are seeing customer feedback on Xi, that is really strong and some things that they particularly appreciate and as we do our customer valuations on Sp and look to integrate those things, there is a few things that we’d like to bring over from one to the other and we made a decision to do so.
Gary Guthart: I think, we’re in our first phase. Long-term, we think there is real opportunity in China but in the near-term, I think, there are a lot of steps to building a sustainable business there. It’s -- in terms of feel and approach. We feel little bit like our conversations around Japan. I think there is an element of having a deeper presence in China of both direct and potentially with others and requiring a build out to have sustained growth. So I think it’s a goods first step. Certainly a positive, but I don’t think it is signaling us strong inflection point, I would not assume that.
Gary Guthart: I think we’re pleased with where we’re on the Xi rollout. I think that we are getting feedback that I think is what we expected in some parts of the market in terms of multi-port access and multi-quadrant access and we’re surprised and pleased by, I think, the broad-based nature of commentary in terms of urologist and GY oncologists, who are find value in it, perhaps, more than we had anticipated. So, I think, we’re continuing the feeling and the trend that we saw in the second quarter.
Gary Guthart: We haven’t given you a date that will put it back on the market. We think we have root cause well-identified and are in the midst of validating solutions. When those are validated when we have them in our hands and they are done, the validation is done, we’ll report to our customers and to you. I don’t have a timeframe for you. Yet, having said that, I think that the teams are making good progress, both understanding where we are and what the possible solutions are. In terms of modeling procedure impact, a little hard to say, I think, that it's certainly some drag, very hard to know how big the drag is.
Gary Guthart: It’s a little bit hard to know based on one quarter of return to growth here, so what happens in the next quarter and the next one after that, hard to predict. It’s -- we have seen in past quarters that when there is an increase and things like watchful waiting. At some period of time after that you see a bolus of patients come out of watchful waiting and into definitive treatment of one type or another as some subset of that watchful waiting cohort has their cancer progress and maybe that we’ll have to wait a couple of quarters to see if that indeed is the case.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. We’ve been talking about investments we’re making this year and we clearly believe strongly in our opportunities and have been investing. We did take the guidance range down a bit on expenses this year. It has mostly to do with the timing of some of the hiring activities. As we move forward into next year, obviously we will be providing that guidance commentary on the next call. But that being said, in the longer-term we really wouldn't expect to make the types of operating expense investments in future years that we made in 2014 relative to revenue growth trends.
Gary Guthart: In terms of stepping back, I think as you look at the segments of growth and general surgery, the hernia growth is still early in its life cycle. But it’s been on the faster side. In terms of hernia growth, if you look at separate rectal and colon, rectal so deep in the pelvis has been the one that is most utilizing the stapler and is the one that for which I think the surgeons are most wanting it back quickly. That has been -- growth is been consistent with what we've seen in past adoptions and that’s one we watch pretty closely for any changes with regard to the Stapler. The solution to the Stapler problem is really straightforward, which is identify the issues, get the solutions validated and bring it back to market, we will do that scientifically and carefully but that’s the path forward. As you look at colon resection, that growth has been positive for us also. It’s a multifaceted procedure. It’s not just one thing. We do see Stapler use in colon resection but not in all segments. And so it’s kind of a mixed story in that one. 
Gary Guthart: The beginning in terms of reimbursement, those trials have initiated already. I think first enrollments have already occurred this month.
Gary Guthart: That will play out over multiple quarters in terms of when they start to publish, we’ll have to talk about that as we get greater clarity on their timelines.
Gary Guthart: I believe given the clearance that they can start to purchase product as soon as we start shipping it. And I think we have intentions to ship it before the end of the quarter.
Gary Guthart: We’ve had a couple of changes in our leadership team over the last couple of quarters. I think just standing back as the marketplace changes out in the United States as well as the company needs a change. I think, for both the company and for individuals, people look at what they want to do and what their skills are and what’s the match? We have been the beneficiaries of a really strong team and we also have a strong bench. So for those who moved on we wish them well and expect them to do great things in their next engagement. Having said that, I think we also have a really good team here. And so it’s natural in evolution of any company, you will look out at what the needs of the organization are and what peoples’ long-term needs are, what they do and we do and so these transitions occur. I think we have a great team. We are confident in our opportunity and we are confident in their ability.
Gary Guthart: Okay. Let me take them in order and I think I got them both. With regard to SP, I think there is -- just standing back on the introduction of new technology, there tends to be a trend for folks to overestimate what they do in near term and underestimate what they do in the long-term. And so I look at SP and I think it has a lot of long-term potential. It is fundamentally a technology that enters the body through a small entry point, brings in instruments in a parallel way and works with high precision in tight spots. And as you sit down and talk to surgeons and I’ve spoken with many, many, I have personally as well as our team. I think there are lot of possibility as to where there can go and take it. What that looks like and whether it displaces one alternative or another depends entirely on what part of the body it’s applied to. There are some places that are really straightforward areas to explore that are just set up well for this type of technology. And so things like Transoral surgery or transrectal or transvaginal, these are areas that hold a lot of promise. Having said that, bring a new technology market, you want to make sure you do it in a way that brings value early and establishes value for your customer, gives high value patient outcomes and value to the surgeons and hospitals who adopted and so how we evolve that is something that we work through in the next several quarters. And as we get closer, we will describe it too. With regard to OpEx growth, speaking after ’15, we will give your thoughts on ‘15 in the next call. But longer term, we don’t expect that we will ramp expenses highly out of sync with the growth and revenue. We think longer term working out a few years that we have an opportunity for both stabilization and then later leverage, so that’s how we are thinking about it.
Gary Guthart: Let me give you a kind of a directional pointer and then, I think Calvin, maybe a little help on the modeling side. I think directionally, remember the general surgery is a cluster of different procedures and doesn’t out model as one thing. And just the few that you mentioned have really strong differences in I&A per procedures. So you think about rectal case, cancer case uses staplers will be on the high end of I&A per procedure, hernia somewhere in the middle. Hernia is also in itself a cluster of procedure. It’s not one thing. So ventral hernia is different than inguinal hernia and there are different techniques in each of those, so that the cost basis for each one of those subsets maybe a little bit different. And than Single-Site cholecystectomy is at the lower end of our revenue per procedure and so then you start modeling this out. It all has to do with mix in growth rate and that’s when it gets turned over to Calvin.
Gary Guthart: Yeah, I will make a last comment on that point. We feel comfortable with pricing in those procedures. We think it’s appropriate for us and for the customer, and we think the margin structure is right in those things. So it’s really looking out at what the mix is going to be rather than whether the company has to make a change.
Gary Guthart: The simple way I think to answer that is, we are all together experiencing what seasonality is going to be like after the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. And I think nobody has been through it yet. So we are -- have our estimates. We have given the guidance based on those estimates, but I think we are all just going to have to see and gain some experience together.
Gary Guthart: First characterize where we are, we have asked customers to stop using it until we have identified and given them further instructions about what and how to handle it. We have taken a reserve with regards to inventory should we want to send them replacements depending on what the conclusions of the cause and validations are. I think that the customer sentiment around it has been, they understand our request. It is quite a conservative request, three malfunctions over greater than 10,000 fires. They have viewed this as an understandable. And so I think that we have not seen -- I have not seen any deep confidence been shaken. We have many requests to hurry up and bring it back. I think they want to use it. I think it’s differentiated relative to other products that they use. And so that’s what we are working on.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. It depends on what the case is. If it’s a low rectal case and they can do it with the manual stapler, they will try that. If it’s very deep, they may have to use a laparotomy rather than doing it only basically. So there is a real variety depending on what the patient characteristics are.
Gary Guthart: With regard to commercialization timing with Sp, we are not giving you updated timing. We do expect clinical use of Xi compatible Sp in '15. With regards to other things that we have been working on, there is another set of Xi instrumentation, Phase 2 instrumentation that we will describe as it goes through the process. We are making progress on an Xi integrated bed. We don’t have the timeline to describe to you at this time, but in future quarters we will. The pipeline is quite robust and we continue to walk down it.
Gary Guthart: We are working towards 2016 on a couple of fronts. It is as yet uncertain. We don’t have of course final approval from anybody on that timeline, but we are working toward that end.
Gary Guthart: Well, it’s a dynamic conversation. So I wouldn’t characterize it as everything is solid and locked in stone. I think that’s a set of conversations that has been going on and we will continue to do so, but that’s the nature of these kind of conversations in Japan.
Gary Guthart: Hard to say. I think a couple of things. I’d say that on the one hand, we are earlier in total market adoption in some of our U.S countries and we think that those are real markets and we are the pursuit. And so if they go where we hope they go, then we will see increased spending there. In the U.S. of course, we have a bigger install base so the conversation tends to be somewhat around new technologies and other things they want to do. I think as you look over years and not quarters I’d expect that the O-U.S. represents a strong growth time for us.
Gary Guthart: Thank you. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits, and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient benefit by providing surgical outcomes, by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking with you again in three months’ time.
