Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Intuitive's archives on the Audio Archives section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter's results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, then I'll provide an update to our financial forecast for 2012. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing you with an update to our financial forecast for 2012, including procedures, revenues and other elements of the income statement on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates of significant noncash expenses to provide you with visibility into our expected future cash flows. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we forecast procedures to grow approximately 25% to 27% from the base of approximately 360,000 procedures performed in 2011. Three quarters through 2012, our procedure growth stands at approximately 25%. During the third quarter, we saw further pressure on our U.S. dVP both volumes and upon our overall European procedure business. As a result, we now forecast full year 2012 da Vinci procedure volume to grow approximately 24% above our 2011 total. Moving on to revenues. On our last call, we forecast 2012 revenues to grow between 20% and 23% above our 2011 revenue of $1.76 billion. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are now able to refine our guidance to the upper half of this range. Now turning to noncash expenses. We continue to expect noncash stock compensation to fall within a range of between $152 million and $156 million for the year. Through 3 quarters of this year, $115 million of stock compensation has been recognized, and all of the quarterly timing differences related to our revised 2012 employee grant process have cycled through. The Q4 portion of total 2012 option expense should follow historical patterns. Now turning to other income. On our last call -- operating income. On our last call, we forecast operating income to fall within a range of between 39% and 40% of net revenue. Now based upon the impact of recent material cost reductions and expense timing, we expect operating income to come in at the high end of the range at about 40% for the year. We continue to expect other income, which is mainly comprised of interest income, to total between $16 million and $17 million for the year. With regard to income tax, our Q3 reported tax rate of 15% reflected a discrete benefit related to releasing reserves for tax years where the statutes of limitations had expired. This discrete item favorably impacted Q3 but will not impact Q4. We continue to expect the Q4 tax rate to be approximately 31% of pretax income, which has not assumed any reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Going forward into 2013, we expect to see a gradual reduction in rate to a range of between 29% and 31%. Also looking into 2013, the medical device tax is scheduled to become effective on January 1. Based upon our 2012 regional and product mix, we would estimate the tax to equate to roughly 1.1% of our net consolidated revenue. We would plan to record the expense as a component of cost of sales. We estimate that our share count for calculating EPS in Q4 2012 will be roughly flat to Q3 at approximately 41.1 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes, I mean, you could probably back into it on your models there. But again, worldwide, we're looking at about 22% for Q3, 25% on a year-to-date basis. And included in those numbers would be a decline in the U.S. dVP volume that Marshall mentioned of 20% on a quarter basis and 14% on a year-to-date basis. And so I think kind of what it implies is that if the U.S. stayed flat from year to year, the worldwide growth would have been about 26% in Q3 and 28% on a year-to-date basis.
Calvin Darling: Yes. The next scheduled pass, that procedure being added to the reimbursement list would be April of 2014 for a general system-wide reimbursement.
Calvin Darling: I think we're not prepared to break out what that mix is. And honestly, I think the important message here is that -- is to just really look at this structurally. You have general surgeons who don't have a lot of robotic experience going in. And so they are going to work through various procedures to some level to make sure that they have a good understanding of the Xs and Os of the system. And then what is today a general multiport cholecystectomy, the expectation is that those move in to single-site. So there will be a relationship, and I think trying to call it at any given time is probably -- I don't know how meaningful that is. But collectively, as we said, it is the third largest procedure. Now we -- I think the way we would categorize the importance of procedures as they relate to new system placements, it's hard to tease out what is cholecystectomy and what is general surgery because to Gary's earlier comments, sometimes cholecystectomy is not the endpoint which the general surgeons are trying to get to. And so it becomes one of many procedures that they see in our armamentarium over time. And so it's really hard to say what evidence we have at this point that it's chole specific that is driving the system. But there's definite evidence that general surgeons are becoming more and more important to system placements.
Calvin Darling: That was the last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. We hope the following experience from Susan of Ohio gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. "I was diagnosed in August of 2011 with adenocarcinoma. I'm a mom of 5, grandma of 11 and 52 years old. I quit smoking years ago. Wow, I had a lot to think about when, by God's grace, I was introduced to a super surgeon. At the time, he thought I would be a really great candidate for the da Vinci robotic-assisted surgery. I figured it sounded really great. We did the surgery in December of 2011. At first, when I started reading about it on websites and talking with people, it sounded really scary. But after reading testimonies like mine, I realized it was the only way to go. And so we removed the top lobe of my left lung in December of 2011. I was home in 2 days. The nurses at the hospital could not believe the type of surgery I'd had. Wow, how the robot changed my life. In no time, I was back to a normal life. My surgeon is one of the best around and I am living proof. He saved my life, saved me from a grueling recovery and saved me from a horrific scar. I had a few little holes and a small incision where they removed the lung. While they were in there, they took lymph nodes, which, by the way, are great. No cancer and a 20% chance that this cancer comes back. If you're considering this type of surgery, I urge you to really think positively about this. Just absolutely amazing what modern medicine is all about. I would welcome the chance to have the surgery versus the old-fashioned way. Recovery was 2 weeks, and I was back to work in 3. It's a miracle that they can do these things with a robot, but they do." Patients like these are our strongest advocates for da Vinci Surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We've built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking with you again in 3 months.
Gary S. Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. The third quarter highlighted both market's strengths and headwinds. Our procedure performance came in below our expectations, driven by challenging conditions in Europe and changes in prostate cancer detection and treatment. On the positive side, acceptance of da Vinci surgery in general and gynecologic surgery continues to grow, in complex cancer procedures, benign procedures and in single port robotic surgery. In the third quarter, procedure growth was challenged by a continuing weakness in Europe and acceleration in the decline of our U.S. da Vinci prostatectomies. The prostatectomy decline appears to be driven by a combination of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommendation against PSA testing and a change in treatment recommendations for low-risk prostate cancer away from definitive treatment. European procedure weakness appears to be driven by 3 underlying conditions: broad economic pressure in Europe, sentiment behind the PSA testing recommendation from the U.S. reflecting into Europe and the need for increased depth in our commercial organization. As we have mentioned on prior calls, we expect economic pressure in Europe to persist for the near future. We have been investing in our European commercial organization over the past couple of quarters and anticipate doing so for the next several. Moving to general surgery. We experienced continued strong growth, which was multifaceted, including growth in colon and rectal surgery for cancers, as well as cholecystectomy, the latter following the introduction of Single-Site earlier in the year. Gynecology performance was solid. And like general surgery, gynecology was broad based, including hysterectomy, sacrocolpopexy and myomectomy. Aleks will provide additional procedure commentary later in the call. In Japan, system sales and procedure performance have both continued to growth, led by dVP. Two da Vinci training centers have opened this year, one at Fujita Health and one at Tokyo Medical University, to increase in-country capacity for training Japanese surgeons. Turning to our operating performance for the third quarter. We sold 155 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 133 during the third quarter of last year. Procedures grew approximately 22% over the third quarter of 2011. Instrument and accessory revenue was $218 million, up 24% over Q3 2011. Total revenue was $538 million, up 20% over last year. Total recurring revenue grew to $306 million, up 24% from prior year and comprising 57% of total revenue. We generated an operating profit of $259 million before noncash stock option expense, up 21% from the third quarter of last year and representing 48% of Q3 revenue. Net income was $183 million, up 50% over last year. We ended the quarter with $2,701,000,000 in cash and investments, up $70 million from last quarter. Turning to recently launched products and those in development. In the third quarter, we continue to focus on our launches of Single-Site for cholecystectomy and Vessel Sealer. This quarter, we submitted our 510(k) for Single-Site instruments and indications for use in benign hysterectomy and salpingo-oophorectomy. We have received FDA's questions and are encouraged by the conversation for this expansion of Single-Site. We will work over the next few months to gather the data they have requested. We mentioned on our last call that we expect applications for the da Vinci Vessel Sealer to be centered on general surgery and gynecologic procedures. Uptake in customer response for the Vessel Sealer has been positive in both of these disciplines. Lastly, with regard to our da Vinci stapler, we have submitted our responses to FDA and believe that we have answered their questions. We are awaiting their response. As we enter new surgical markets and drive into new product arenas, we continue to invest in building our team and expanding partnerships and in acquiring technology that can make a difference to robotic surgery. Given the uptick of da Vinci in general surgery, we expect to increase our sales force for emerging general surgery procedures and to increase customer training capacity. Furthermore, we plan to continue investment in our sales and marketing team in Europe and our overall organization in Japan. This quarter, we added 92 people to our team predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D, bringing our total team to 2,192 employees. I'll now pass the time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer.
Gary S. Guthart: It’s Gary. It's pretty hard to call U.S. prostatectomy. That's, as you know, more an issue of medical management and watchful waiting than it is a change in da Vinci Surgery versus other kinds of surgery. So we don't have a crystal ball as to where that procedure is going to go over time. The data we look at is probably pretty similar to the data that you look at in terms of where PSA testing is taking us. On the upside, I think the things that are growing, we can measure good interest from our customers. We can measure sales force activity that tends to be a little bit more on our camp versus out in the world. So on the downside, pretty tough to call. On the upside, we can look at the activities that we can influence and feel pretty confident about the things that we can do.
Gary S. Guthart: We have talked about before that cholecystectomy has a total procedure of all types, multiport and single-site. Together, combined, is the third. Single port on its own is not.
Gary S. Guthart: There's one more difference that's worth pointing out, is that unlike prostatectomy and hysterectomy, cholecystectomy can be an entry point into a clinical pathway for somebody who wants to end somewhere else. And so those procedures can be a little bit more volatile.
Gary S. Guthart: This won't quite be the same scale. It's a little bit more targeted. So in Europe, it's really filling open headcount in the field and investing a little bit more in the back office in terms of clinical trials and other types of marketing investments, economic analyses and so on. So that's kind of what the European side looks like on the general surgery side. It will be general-surgery focused expertise and depth.
Gary S. Guthart: The flow of your argument makes sense. I think that Calvin may argue with you about some of the numbers. Just to make sure that you're tie them out right. But the flow, generally speaking, the flow makes sense. Calling that number of kind of what the baseline number of prostatectomies in the U.S. is hard to do. We've seen some analysis out there that's probably similar to the kinds of analysis that you've seen, and I think we're just going to have to see where that base establishes itself. I mean, I think there are a couple of things that argue for a base. One of them is that prostate cancer, the highest cure rate will come from surgery, not from medical management. And the other thing that we know is that over time, watchful waiting patients, some fraction of them, usually a majority of them, will convert to definitive treatment over time. So I think both of those things will argue for finding a floor, and what exactly that floor level is, we're just going to have to wait and see.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. I don't think we're ready to size the total market opportunity. And I think that system sales by themselves are going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, and I would expect some lumpiness. Long term, we're really excited about the Japanese market opportunity. The key opinion leaders, the people we talked to on the ground are excited about robotic surgery. And we think it will build, and that's another area of investment. But again, kind of calling the specifics is not something we're prepared to do.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. On the first side, we think that hysterectomy is a patient population that sets up well for a single port robotic approach. And we've gotten good feedback from customers in Europe and the U.S. that that’s something worth pursuing, and so that's been our next procedure, that and nephrectomy. We'll see in terms of what happens next after Single-Site. We'll continue to invest in instrumentation that makes sense in that platform and in indications. I don't think that will be the last stopping point in terms of an indication for Single-Site as we go forward. And as always, we continue to invest in technologies that can make things more capable, and we invest in tissue interaction technologies. We invest in patient access, smaller ports in different ways to get into the body. And with regard to Single-Site, we'll continue to do that.
Gary S. Guthart: It's always hard to predict exactly timing on these things, and so I won't -- we've had a healthy conversation with FDA. We've understood their questions. I think that we have provided answers that make sense, and we'll let you know what happens thereafter.
Gary S. Guthart: Just in a broad brush, it's growing nicely, out from a very small base. So in-country, we're delighted with the growth rate. In terms of total contribution to the overall, it's probably not a material contribution at this time.
Gary S. Guthart: I think there are a couple of things. One of the structural things is just open territories on our side and making sure we have the right number of salespeople in the various countries, and we can run that against internal metrics. So it's pretty simple one. And the solution there is to make sure that we're fully staffed. The second thing, or more along the lines you've discussed, although I described it a little bit differently. I think it is not really that a single-payer system is not capable or interested in adopting da Vinci Surgery. We've seen Japan single-payer system that's been moving pretty quickly. Sweden as a single-payer system has moved quickly. So it isn't the act of being a single payer. It's more of making sure that the conversations with government-run hospitals around both economy value and clinical data are put into forms that they can accept and we can match their time lines. You're absolutely right with regard to systems that are using per diem, but that's a real challenge for hospitals to adopt da Vinci Surgery. We see per diem systems being challenged in favor of DRGs in a lot of different places, not only for da Vinci. I think the trend is away from per diem, not towards it. And so I don't see that as systemic across all of Europe but really in pockets.
Gary S. Guthart: You see capital pressure in Southern Europe, absolutely. Procedure pressure is a little bit less targeted directly with Southern versus Northern, and so it moves around a little bit.
Gary S. Guthart: On the issue of Single-Site, as we've said before, we've just submitted and received our first round of questions from FDA on the extension of our indications for Single-Site into hysterectomy and oophorectomy. I think there that we have, as you know, good momentum in hysterectomy, I think it goes into a set of surgeons who are interested in robotic surgery and towards the segment of the patient population that would be interested in [indiscernible] and return to full function. So we're excited about that. I think it will make some sense. We're in the early stages of our interactions with FDA. How long that will take, it's very tough to predict, and so we won't.
Gary S. Guthart: I think we've laid out for you the things that we think are deserving of differential or additional investment. We've typically been thoughtful about how we invest. And we don't trend to mad dash one direction or another. And so we'll be building it out, but we'll build it out against the plan.
Gary S. Guthart: On the dVP side, actually the uptick has been significant in terms of dVP in Japan relative to the number of prostatectomies that they do. We do dominate it in prostatectomies based on what they've been doing there. We haven't heard a reflection of this set of concerns into Japan. It's not to say that it might not happen in the future, it might. In general, I think that Japanese surgeons have expressed interest in da Vinci for a pretty broad variety of procedures. So even where that's to be pressured over time, I don't know that it would dampen enthusiasm for a long period for other procedures as we go. Quarter-to-quarter performance can be lumpy there.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, it's definitely trended down. I think on the Firefly side though, it's pretty similar. We've been saying about the last 3 quarters that about 1/2 of the U.S. systems have gone out with Firefly configuration, and that held through in Q3. As it relates to the dual console and the simulator, those kind of go together in some respects as they're, in large part, training tools and applications. And a slow downward trend there is something that we would have predicted internally here as maybe a fair number of sites have invested in these technologies for training. And then as you know, a lot of systems we sell now are to existing customers, and some of those existing customers already have simulators and dual consoles. So it's maybe less obvious value in those situations. So a little downward trend there is probably something we would expect, but very gradual.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes. I mean, we've been seeing the run-up, as you say, in recent quarters due to the impact of the new products. And what we've been saying, there are a lot of factors that can serve to move that metric up or down. And in this particular quarter, as Marshall called out in his commentary, we saw some of the timing of those initial stocking orders with system sales and distributor orders kind of serve to drive it slightly down here. But I'd say going forward, it could go up or down, depending -- we also some of the product -- the procedure mix, right? So the more Single-Sites and benign hysterectomies have a lower revenue per procedure for us, kind of pushes it down. So again, I'd say going forward, it could probably go either way from where we are right now.
Aleks Cukic: It's important to note that, as a reminder, of course, it's a distant third. I mean, you have hysterectomy, you have prostatectomy and you have cholecystectomy. And so you have other procedures that are sort of in the general neighborhood procedures such as a partial nephrectomy and sacrocolpopexy and others. So it is indeed third, but as a reminder, it is a distant third.
Aleks Cukic: Yes. But I think, Ben, the central theme of your thesis there is accurate. And that is if you look outside of those 2 areas, U.S. dVP and the European weakness, the remainder of the procedure business was very strong year-to-date and for the quarter.
Aleks Cukic: Yes, I think there's just one caveat that's worth mentioning, is as a reminder, we have one national reimbursement, which is prostatectomy. There are ways for it, as evidenced by the activities prior to that national reimbursement, that hospitals can go through that's, call them, a one-off basis or a checklist basis where they can apply for certain levels of reimbursement on other procedures. But from a national perspective, we are really in this environment where we are working within prostatectomy primarily. And then there may be a few other procedures that get worked in on a one-off basis. So that's the environment we're in for a little while.
Marshall L. Mohr: Total procedure growth quarter -- year-over-year was 22%. And then what we said was that the procedure growth outside of the U.S. year-over-year was 9%.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes. I think the way we think about, for example, the Single-Site in GYN or benign hysterectomy is if you think about the way we've always described the market, there is a level of complexity that was inherent in our target for hysterectomy, both benign, complex benign, as well as malignant. And so there's a subsegment of the market that is by definition, if you will, relatively less complex or simple. It seems like a very good area for us to apply some resources and see if this is indeed something we can access with new technology, which is the approach.
Marshall L. Mohr: So if you looked at -- and again, I think it almost takes even a little, perhaps, a derivative deeper. So if you looked at environments like public hospitals in France, let's say, versus clinics in France and/or private clinics in other parts of Europe, it becomes, probably, more akin to those comparisons than it does just individual countries. And we've had strength in Germany over -- not this particular quarter, but in the past 2 years, we've called out Germany as having a lot of strength. This is the first time we've called out Belgium in probably a few -- probably 1.5 years. So it seems like it's rotating through various countries, but it's probably more consistent with the public versus private.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes. As far as the instruments, Larry, I would say the -- which is pretty consistent with the way we've approached new markets and new procedure targets, where we have a good base of instruments, but we're not exactly optimized for perfect performance, if you will, in terms of ease of use and having all of the right instruments. But think of it in terms of adding a few instruments rather than creating a whole new category of instruments. And I think that will be -- that's been consistent and will be consistent as we go into new procedure targets.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes. So we bought back 343,000 shares this quarter. We have 383 million still authorized by the board. We'll continue to program. We'll buy back stock when it makes sense. It's not a absolutely certain amount every day. Beyond that, the cash is there for investment back into the business over time, particularly if there were to be an extended or deepened economic issue on a macro basis, as well as for investment into IP if the opportunities come up.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yes. We'll talk just on the numbers side, and I'll hand it over. We've guided towards about $20 million increase in operating expenses quarter-to-quarter. It came in closer to $17.5 million. So a little bit less than that. And I think it had a little bit to do with the timing here. We called out R&D projects last quarter. Some of those you're going to see probably spilling into future quarters. And then I think the timing on SG&A that you alluded to, David, we're starting on some things that we thought we might be -- it might have been a little further along here in Q3 in terms of building the organization and the training capacities and so on. So in terms of the numbers, that, I think, the grow -- you're going to see some growth in the OpEx going forward into Q4, and that's inherent in the 40% operating income guidance we gave.
Marshall L. Mohr: So we give you the $4.46, which is the GAAP number. But we also said that if you excluded that, we would have been at $3.54. So we're trying to provide you with all the information so that you can do your own comparisons.
