Ben Gong: Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s first quarter conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our Web site, at intuitivesurgical.com, on the Audio Archives section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release has been posted to our Web site. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our first quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, and I will provide an update to our financial forecast for 2010, and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Ben Gong: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing an update to our financial forecast for 2010, including procedures, revenues and the other elements of the income statement on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates on significant non-cash expenses to provide you with visibility of our expected future cash flows. Starting with procedures, as Gary mentioned, our procedures this past quarter grew 37% over the year ago first quarter. We continue to expect our total procedures to grow approximately 35% for the year from the approximately 205,000 procedures performed in 2009. Moving on to revenues, based on the upside we recorded in the first quarter, we are increasing our forecast for annual revenue growth to 27% to 30%, which is up from our previous estimate of 25%. As a reminder, our revenues can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as system placements may vary. With regard to our Japan revenues, as previously mentioned, while we sold seven systems in Q1, we do not expect to maintain this level of quarterly system sales in Japan for the balance of 2010. With regard to gross margin, the 73% margin we achieved in Q1 was higher than in previous quarters due to higher ASPs on systems and manufacturing efficiencies. We expect ASPs to return to historical levels. As Gary indicated, we will continue to share productivity gains with our customers, and as a result, we expect gross margins to be approximately 72% for the year. Moving to operating expense, we are making significant investments across multiple areas of our business, particularly our sales force, manufacturing and R&D. We now expect our total GAAP operating expense to grow by 27% to 29% in 2010 compared with our previous forecast of 25% growth. In terms of non-cash expenses, we expect to report stock compensation charges of approximately $122 million in 2010, which is a little lower than our previous forecast of $127 million. In addition, previous purchases of intellectual property are scheduled to amortize in our R&D line at approximately $15 million for the year. Other income, which is mainly comprised of interest income, is expected to come in between $16 million and $18 million for the year. With regard to income tax, as Marshall mentioned earlier, we have begun taking advantage of the international tax structure we created to report a lower tax rate this year. We recorded a 36.2% tax rate for Q1 and we expect to record the same rate for the full year. This is a significant improvement over the 41% tax rate we reported for 2009. For calculating earnings per share, we ended the first quarter with 39.2 million common shares outstanding and approximately 5.1 million options shares outstanding. Depending on our average stock price this year, a portion of the 5.1 million option shares will be added to the fully diluted shares calculation. Assuming our stock price remains where it is today, we estimate that our share count for calculating EPS in Q2 will be approximately 40.6 million shares and for calculating EPS for the year, we estimate it will be approximately 40.8 million shares. Finally, regarding our cash flows, since we are forecasting to report over $137 million in non-cash stock compensation and amortization expenses for the year, our cash flows will continue to be significantly higher than our reported net income. We believe cash flows generated from operations is a better measure of our actual performance than net income. Once again, cash flows from operations in Q1 were $153 million compared with our net income of $85 million. And with that, we’d like to open the call to your questions.
Ben Gong: Thanks. I think the first part was sales force. As I mentioned, we added 49 people to our sales and marketing group and about 40 of those were in the field this past quarter. So, part of that comment is we’re still adding quite a few people to the sales force and we continue to hire a lot of folks. With regard to the last part of the question, European demand, one thing I would say is that, just want to point out; procedures in Europe grew very well in the quarter which makes us feel good about the overall health of that business. Now, system sales were down in the quarter, and you’re right, it did fluctuate a little bit from Q4 to Q1. But generally speaking, we think that there is a challenging economic environment in Europe and that’s making system sales in Europe under some pressure.
Ben Gong: Miroslava, this is Ben. You’re right. We had a pretty strong quarter in the U.S. Again, from a broad standpoint, we take a look at the procedure growth, and in the long-term, system placements are going to be a factor of the need for those systems based off of the procedure growth. And procedures are growing pretty well. As we mentioned that we’re still forecasting 35% procedure growth worldwide and that will lead to system sales. But we’re not speculating too much because these things do tend to vary quarter-to-quarter. They were really strong quarters in both Q4 and Q1, and I don’t know that it would be a fair thing for you to start modeling off of that and then expecting acceleration off of those numbers. We’re not being really specific about it, but we are giving you some top-line guidance on revenues.
Ben Gong: Actually, this is the only quarter I can recall that it was 73%. In Q4, it was 72% and in the previous quarters it was lower than that. Pricing has been very consistent. So since we launched the Si in Q2 of 2009, all of our pricing for our products has been exactly the same. And you see a little bit of fluctuation due to product mix and customer mix. I think that’s probably just going to be the normal fluctuation you’re going to be seeing. If you just take a look at our historical average on the mixes that we’ve seen, we expect it to come in at 72%.
Gary Guthart: Thank you for joining us today. In this first quarter, our team has executed well. We continue to see broad interest in da Vinci surgery by our customers across a variety of procedures, which is reflected in our strong financial results for the quarter. With regard to procedures, we experienced continued growth in numerous specialties. Urologic and gynecologic procedures continue to lead the way and we see early signs of growth in both general and colorectal surgery and thoracic procedures. We are also pleased that European procedure growth was strong in the quarter. While the diversity of procedures is encouraging, it presents both opportunities and sales management challenges. The breadth of procedures is commanding increased investments in our sales force and is reflected in our recent hiring. Turning to systems, U.S. sales were robust. We did, however, see an increasing pressure on hospital capital budgets in Europe where capital sales conversations mirrored those in the U.S. during the first half of last year. Lastly, we sold our first systems in Japan this quarter post our Shonin approval. We’ll discuss Japan in greater detail later in the call. As we move to highlights for the first quarter, recall that Q1 2009 financials included a revenue deferral associated with the introduction of the da Vinci Si System. In my year-over-year comparisons, I will compare financial performance excluding the deferral to give a more accurate picture of relative performance. With that as a background, operating highlights for the first quarter are as follows. Procedures grew 37% over the first quarter of 2009. We sold 104 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up 38 from 66 during the first quarter of last year. Total revenue was $329 million, up 58% over the last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to $123 million, up 50% over the year. Total recurring revenue grew to $173 million, up 43% from prior year and comprising 53% of total revenue. Net income was $85 million, up 112% over last year. We generated an operating profit of $157 million before non-cash stock option expenses, up 78% from the first quarter of last year and representing 48% of Q1 revenue. With operating profit percentage at this level, we do not expect to pursue further margin expansion. We will continue to share productivity gains with our customers and we will continue to invest in R&D and long-term growth opportunities for the business. We ended the quarter with $1.396 billion in cash and investments, up $224 million from last quarter and up $574 million from last year. Significant cash outlays during the quarter included $16 million invested in intellectual property and fixed assets. Excluding the impact of these outlays as well as $93 million from stock proceeds and $6 million used for working capital, we generated $153 million in gross cash flow from operations, which is 180% of our reported GAAP net income in the first quarter. I share this number with you because we believe that it is the best measure of the economic horsepower of our company. As you know, we continue to make significant investments in research, development and manufacturing. Our largest investments focus on four areas. First, we are extending our instrument offering through major additions, like multifunction energy devices and robotic stapling. Second, we are improving and expanding our imaging capabilities. Third, we’re developing new patient side mechanisms. And finally, we are creating surgical networking and training technologies. Overall, we’re pleased with the progress of our product development teams and our technology partners both in the depth of their achievements and in the speed with which they are accomplishing them. Lastly, as we enter new surgical markets and drive them to new product arenas, we will invest in building our team and expanding partnerships and in acquiring those technologies that could make a difference to robotic surgery. This quarter we added 94 people to our team predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D, bringing our total team to 1,357 employees. And with that, I’ll pass the time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer.
Gary Guthart: It’s Gary. Just a combination of things. I think one thing is that as we move into more price sensitive procedure markets, we expect that margin levels may fluctuate. The other thing is as we bring online technologies for training and networking and things like simulation, those were opportunities to help our customer and may have really a different margin profile.
Gary Guthart: We do have the Shonin, so they can go ahead and use it. We have basically all indications that we have in the U.S. except for pediatric, cardiac, although we do have thoracic and ENT. So they can use it. It’s reimbursement that we don’t have yet. And we’ll see a mix of those different procedures across that set of customers.
Gary Guthart: I think until we have reimbursement, the broad adoption will be constrained, and that’s because of the way they have to go through their mix billing process. In other words, there is not really a mechanism for them to do private pay.
Gary Guthart: There are several studies ongoing now that look at prostate cancer treatment first between open surgery, robotic surgery and different forms of radiation therapy. I think the way we look at it is the patient population is segmented. So, for the younger patients, surgery makes a lot of sense. There is a lot of data that indicates that surgical resections result in better long-term cancer outcomes than radiation. And where other discussion comes in is kind of is the patient’s age. And I think we’ll have to see. We’re certainly not ready to make any claims about what their new products can or cannot do, and we have several studies I think in the works that we’ll publish over the next few years.
Gary Guthart: Why don’t I take that one? As we look at the cash, we really look at it in four buckets. The first bucket is really where in organic need do we have a requirement for cash infusion and we’ve been doing that quarter-over-quarter and we’ll continue to do so. We also look out at technology partnerships that we can initiate or accelerate, and then, acquisitions of technologies that fit well with us. Again, we’ve done that as we’ve gone and the cash gives us the flexibility to do that as we need it. We’ll look at returning cash to shareholders as kind of an anti-dilution measure when the time is right and where it makes sense. And of course, we’ll like to keep some for flexibility. So, it really is that same set of priorities and it really is looking at it quarter-after-quarter and doing what makes sense as we see it.
Gary Guthart: We really look at that as something that can supplement training, and the goal really simply is to get more comfortable surgeons faster. We don’t look at that as a big revenue opportunity as a direct product line. So we’re not looking out and saying, boy, this is a huge revenue opportunity in and of itself. We really see it as a way to have good outcomes sooner with our existing products. So, you should not be looking at that and modeling with the big revenue stream of trend that simulation is. I think there is a lot of interest in it and a lot of interest that makes sense, but I would view it that way.
Gary Guthart: Right now, it’s too soon to call. And so, we’re working through with our partners and with the government on how to approach it, and as we get to know more, we’ll let you know.
Gary Guthart: That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics, such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following experiences give you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. One patient is Rhonda of Florida. Rhonda describes her experience as follows, “Although I have had a uterine fibroid for years, I have successfully been able to avoid surgery. I had no symptoms and the fibroid was causing no problems, so I couldn’t bring myself to go through my pre-conceived notion of a hysterectomy when it wasn’t absolutely necessary. After my recent ultrasound and subsequent CT scan revealed that it was now impacting my ureter and kidney, I could no longer avoid action. Thankfully, my new OB/GYN, Dr. Carol McKenzie, recommended that I contact Dr. Sam about a da Vinci robotic procedure. I was concerned that the fibroid was too big to even consider a robotic procedure, so I called to check before even making an appointment. I felt very confident that I wanted her to do the surgery, but had previously scheduled a second appointment with a prominent surgeon who had performed this surgery on my friend just a few weeks earlier. At my consultation with him, he was adamant that the fibroid was simply too large to consider anything other than an abdominal hysterectomy. I called Dr. Sam’s office to discuss it, and while she couldn’t guarantee that it could be done robotically, she was 80% to 85% sure that she could do it that way. For me, those were good enough odds and I truly believed that if anyone could do it, she was the one. I went home the day after my surgery, and was able to get up and down the stairs without significant pain, though I moved slowly. 72 hours after my surgery, I felt well enough to go to my daughter’s soccer game and accompany my husband to his holiday party later that evening. Although I was still feeling a little bloated and swollen, for the most part I felt amazing. For me, this experience has underscored how important it is for people to find out the latest treatments available, yet how important it is for people to also realize how critical it is to select the most competent and experienced technician. After years of avoiding this surgery, it’s so nice to finally have it behind me.” Second patient is Doug, a marketing director at a hospital in West Virginia, who describes his experience as follows. “I had been diagnosed with mitral valve prolapse as a child, but it had never progressed to anything remarkable until September of 2009, when I began experiencing shortness of breath, chest and back tightness and uncomfortable palpitations. After numerous tests, it was determined that my mitral valve prolapse had progressed to severe mitral regurgitation and that I would need to either have my valve repaired or replaced. After considerable research, I was committed to finding a physician and a facility that could, most importantly, repair my mitral valve. And secondarily, repair it with robotic assistance from the da Vinci Surgical System. My research led me to Dr. Marc Gillinov at The Cleveland Clinic Foundation, who did a fantastic job repairing both the anterior and posterior leaflets of my mitral valve robotically. My recovery has been remarkably fast and easy. I feel great. And there are no signs of regurgitation or a heart murmur any more. I’m completely fixed. I can’t tell you what a relief it is to know that my health problems are now solved, that my sternum didn’t have to be sawed and spread apart, and that I can look forward to living a long, healthy life with my wonderful family. I truly feel blessed.” Patients like these are the strongest advocates for da Vinci Surgery and form the very foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that really make a difference. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Tao Levy – Deutsche Bank: So, first question, you mentioned on the call a comment about sharing productivity gains with customers and I’m just wondering if you could go into that a little bit more. You’re talking about sort of discounts providing for your equipment, I just wasn’t sure about that. Thanks.
Tao Levy – Deutsche Bank: Tao Levy Thanks, that’s helpful. And you also talked about the sales force adds. So I was wondering if you could go into are you adding them by indication, are you adding them internationally? And then also just lastly on the international front in Europe, with sort of the headwinds that you were seeing, was that new from the beginning of the year, did they start at the end of last year because Q4 was pretty robust, Q1, obviously, a little bit choppier? And is that kind of what you are seeing going forward kind of continued choppiness until that macro environment improves? Thanks.
Tao Levy – Deutsche Bank: I don’t know that it’s anything different than you’re seeing in the general descriptions in the broader economic markets. Thanks.
Aleks Cukic: Yes, and again, I think I would ask you to not overstate that. In other words, we’ve added some GYN specialists in the area. And the focus again if you look at with respect to the GYN community and specifically the benign GYN segment, it’s really spread out. That’s a procedure that’s done in a lot of different places and there are a lot of people that own large practices. So we’re really trying to focus some specialists, if you will, in that area, so they don’t have to make the decision on should they go and support a prostatectomy case or a partial nephrectomy case. Believe me, there is a lot of integration that is going to be natural in the sales organization, but we’re really looking to bolster that side of it a little bit more.
Aleks Cukic: I don’t think we’re in any position to say that this is any sort of a long-term strategy. I think we’re really looking at it from the perspective of where is the opportunity and what are the vital few things we can do to really attack that opportunity right now? Longer term, based on once a product is put out, once there is a clear understanding of the choreography of the sales person’s territory, those things will get visited. But it’s way too early to say that it should be something you should expect in future.
Aleks Cukic: I think generally speaking there has been a lag between outside the U.S. markets and the U.S. So the answer to the second part of that question, yes, prostatectomy is a big driver outside the United States. It’s still a driver within the United States, but it’s a bigger driver outside the United States, as it pertains to the percentage of their overall procedures. So, if you look at the GYN side, there is a lag there which you would expect. The numbers in terms of a percentage sequentially or for the past few quarters has been strong, but it’s out of a much lower base. So, I think, in general, it’s our expectation that there will be a lag. The OUS markets will lag the broader U.S. market. Now, there may be exceptions on a country-by-country basis, but generally speaking, that’s the case.
Aleks Cukic: I think you started the question correctly with the separation of general and colorectal, and I think you could continue to sub-segmentize it even further. So, I think what we have always believed is where there is great patient value; we stand a very good chance to be rapidly adopted. Now, I’d just say within some of those procedures in the broader category you find that laparoscopy has been introduced or had been introduced 15 years ago or as many as 20 years ago in some of those areas, but the penetration is very low. Why? Because it’s technically demanding. And so, what we have found in the past is where those procedures have been technically demanding laparoscopically, where we can prove capable, we tend to have rapid adoption. We are not saying anything about margins in those areas or really giving anything beyond that other than if we can find procedures with high patient value, which we believe there are several, then we believe we’ll be successful.
Aleks Cukic: I think if you looked at it by some of the peer reviewed literature that’s out there or the anticipation from the surgeon categories, low rectal cancer really sticks out. If you look at low rectal cancers, there is laparoscopic colorectal surgery being done all over the United States and all over the world. But when you get to the low rectal cancers, those tend to be restricted to a few centers, high volume centers. There seems to be a lot of consistency between that anatomy, obviously, and the male pelvic anatomy in working in prostatectomy. The same challenges that existed in laparoscopic prostatectomy exist in laparoscopic low rectal cancers. So, there are some indicators there that I think are favorable. When you’re moving up into general thoracic sort of non-cardiac thoracic operations, that could be a large area, and again, I think the same thing can be said there. And then within general surgery, we will see. It’s too early. There are different platforms, as I mentioned, that we’re showing. And we’ll just see where some of those products land.
Aleks Cukic: It is early, and therefore, there is really not a lot of depth that I’m going to or any of us really will go through at this point. As a reminder, we’re not through the FDA. And so, we are certainly going to be very cautious and careful recognizing that we’re not even approved yet, so we’re not going to make any claims. I think, generally, from a sort of 5,000-foot level, when we look at some of those procedures, if we look at where the multipuncture or the multiport da Vinci procedures have not been able to penetrate, they tend to be in some of the “simpler procedures” within general surgery. So, anything we’re able to really pick up in that area we look at as accretive. And beyond that, it’s really hard for me to go into great detail whether it would be laparoscopic Collis or some of the other high volume, low technical challenging procedures, it’s hard to say. We will wait until it comes out, until we start doing some procedures in abundance, and we can start looking at the data and really determining what the value is going to be.
Aleks Cukic: I think if you look at it, again, as a reminder, coming off of a small base. When we look at the procedures, there was very strong growth on a sequential basis, but it’s off a small base. If you look at the interest within the community, I think you said you were at the World Congress on Robotic Surgery, the expectations I think were exceeded in terms of the number of ENT surgeons that attended that conference and that attended the various sessions. If you look at the request for training and some of the other sort of early indicators, they all appear positive. So, we’re pleased with the early progress. We know in our minds and in the minds of a lot of our customers that there is high patient value there and we get excited about procedures where we can do that.
Aleks Cukic: The product, again, this is a reminder, we did a licensing deal a while back and we told you at that time and in subsequent quarters that the project is moving forward. We haven’t put any timelines in place as to when it’s going to be launched. I would just say that the teams are very well resourced, they are very energized and we’re pleased with the progress they’re making.
Aleks Cukic: Again, I would say that, as a reminder, when we look back retrospectively at the dVP adoption curve between U.S. and OUS, we found it was lagging by a couple of years, if you looked at the overall numbers and you looked at the adoption rate and so on. Having said that, there were countries within Europe that look very similar to the United States. I would say with dVH it is lagging. However, the number is small, but on a sequential basis, it grew very well this quarter. It’s too early to say which countries are going to lead in that, but I think it’s fair to say that the dVH for malignancies is being adopted, let’s say, more rapidly or more uniformly outside the United States than dVH for benign.
Aleks Cukic: I think the answer to most of those questions is yes. We will need instrumentation, we will need training pathways, we will need to push for peer reviewed data and so on and so forth. And the answer to that as always is most often going to be yes anytime we move into new areas. And so as far as predictions of where the adoption might be and to which of those sub-segments you said, it’s difficult to say and we won’t speculate. But in terms of overall size of markets, if you look at the GI opportunity and you look at the colorectal opportunity, I believe estimates in the United States are that could approach 200,000. So, I am pleased to hear that there is a lot of excitement around all of those areas. That’s really motivating certainly for us, and that’s why we’re there. I think we have time for one more question, operator. Thank you.
Aleks Cukic: Again, we’re in discussions with the FDA, let’s put it that way. But in terms of the process or the timeline, there is really not a lot more we can comment on at that point.
