Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to Intuitive's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our CEO; and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties.  These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 4, 2019 and 10-Q filed on July 22, 2019. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's website. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results, then I will discuss procedures and clinical highlights and provide our updated financial outlook for 2019. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: No, that's it. You saw us kind of settle in the low-single digits last quarter and just over 10% this quarter, and we are working with our field team and customers to better understand the dynamics behind that.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. I think as you look at Q4 and then further out into 2020, the growth drivers, as you say, Larry, are general surgery in the United States as well as growth outside the United States, and I think that's likely to continue to be the drivers. At the high end of the guidance range, I think we're seeing consistency with where we are on a year-to-date basis. But, again, in the third quarter, we saw benefit for some of the mature categories. I think at the lower end, you can contemplate some moderation there.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. On the chole side, Tycho, talked about the acceleration being driven by a healthy mix of the new surgeons and existing surgeons, not a lot of churn and increasing Firefly utilization. So, that feels a lot different than, say, our earlier experience with single site set of tools or it was more of a cosmesis-oriented value proposition. And what's interesting is, while in the past, chole may have been a popular training procedure, and it still can be that, now it's not necessarily the first procedure. It's a lot more often that it's, say, a hernia repair that's the first procedure. And as general surgeons are applying robotics across their practices, chole obviously a big part of what they do. So, there are reasons for optimism given what we see in the data, but we continue to monitor and analyze the growth trends closely and remain conservative about the overall opportunity.
Calvin Darling: Yeah, prostatectomy, I think we've pretty much stated on that. We were surprised and we're kind of digging into what the root causes may be.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. Hi, J.P. It's Calvin. Yeah, we saw this – in this quarter, revenue per procedure was approximately $1,980 and that's the highest we've seen in quite some time. Marshall mentioned in his comments that we did see a benefit relative to the last quarter just due to timing of orders, but, obviously, higher usage of the advanced stapling and vessel sealings also contributed to the growth. Going forward, clearly, the favorable timing of the orders should offset, but there is a number of factors that are going to kind of impact the trend going in different directions, including the anticipated continued growth in the advanced instrument usage, offset by an increasing proportion of lower complexity cases like cholecystectomy that we've talked about. So, I&A revenue per procedure is going to have variability quarter to quarter and I don't have a long-term direction to give you.
Calvin Darling: So, the conference, I think what you're going to see is a lot of what we've talked about on this call. We're going to talk about just qualitatively, I think, some of the early experiences in the field. We'll be doing a lot of test drives and talking about the system and its capabilities. I don't think – there is no new data that I think is going to be groundbreaking at the event.
Calvin Darling: Yeah. So, as I mentioned on the call, a move back to 40% where we had been prior to last quarter. Last quarter, I think we largely felt the effect of a number of holidays or a fewer workdays in the quarter than this quarter where that recovered. So, that was the main thing. We're seeing increasing numbers of the 12 procedures that were granted reimbursement status in April of 2018, as well as continuing to see adoption of the urology procedures.
Calvin Darling: It has been increasing in low-single digits the last couple of years, anyway. I tried to mention that we do expect to see a continued contribution from the advanced instruments as a tailwind to the metric, but that's being offset by a number of factors. I mentioned increasing proportion of lower complexity cases. And fact is people are just becoming all the more efficient as time goes on as well, wasting less, doing less with more, and we help them to do that with some of the analytics we provide. So, those are the offsets. And so, you have the gives and the takes. So, at this point. I'm not ready to say whether the trend is going to continue up or be flat or trend down.
Calvin Darling: No, clearly, procedures are the catalyst for driving the demand for systems. When we look at our models, we would expect to see a continuation of the trend of increasing utilization over time.
Gary Guthart: So, in general, general surgery was positive for us. I would not say that we have resolved all the constraint issues that we had talked about last quarter. We moved in the right direction. So, I think productivity for the US sales force was something we talked about last quarter. I think we took a modest step in the right way. We'll keep working on that. Likewise convenient access to systems. So, general surgery was strong for us, but I think there is more opportunity there over the long term. We had – and Calvin had touched on it, we were positively surprised in the urology part of the business, and we're digging in a little bit to figure out where that positive surprises come from. Calvin, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Gary Guthart: On the first front, I don't know that we're a perfect read on the CapEx environment more broadly. We do think that procedure growth is, in the US, the dominant driver of additional systems over time. System capability, but also clinical installed base, access. So, I think we saw in this quarter, met our expectations. I think the second question around spending looking into next year, I'll let Marshall take.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I think it's probably the latter. As you look at both our products that are moving into new clinical domains and also a little more broadly across the med device industry, it looks like the environment is becoming more data centric or the data requirements are increasing.
Gary Guthart: We won't forecast it for you yet on this call. I think, in general, there is an opportunity for the indications that we have and more indications are better. The clinical data that we're seeing and that's building in the database reinforces my support for the product line long-term. And I think there is also a set of indications beyond the colorectal that will be interesting to us. That said, we'll work with regulatory bodies to meet their requirements and that may take some time. That will pace us. So, near term, as we get closer to 2020 and get into it, we'll talk a little more about it.
Gary Guthart: On the SP endoscope, we have released supply and – but we still have some work to do and we will work through it really for SP endoscopy at scale. So, we can support the scale we're at today, but as we get bigger and what our long-term plans are, I want to see improvements in that product line. So, we will see – we're not ready to describe what the outlines of the trial yet are. Indeed, it finalizes in IDE, that will get published in public database and you'll be able to look it up and we'll point you to it.
Gary Guthart: In general, I think you'll see, from both sides, relatively early data. I think the larger market in Ion and robotic-assisted bronchoscopy will be data oriented in broader settings, looking at safety and efficacy. And as that develops, I think we're feeling pretty good. There have been systems in the market in the past, as you know, and I think a fair number of accounts, we'll wait to see what the data says. So, there is the future benefit kind of conversations that happen in the early market. I think a lot of the market will wait to see what that expresses like in clinical use.
Gary Guthart: I think it can change, certainly, the utilization rate for systems in the field. It can still create access challenges as different people vie for time. But as you just described, if they are faster through it.  With regard to training, I think that high volume procedures allow surgeons to move through their early experiences more quickly, and that has a generally positive net effect.
Gary Guthart: Right. So, the overall OUS growth rate is roughly 23%. And in the last two quarters, we've seen some modest acceleration. We're probably approaching that right now. So, a successful scenario in the next quarter or two, we may crossover.
Gary Guthart: 60s mostly used in the lower abdomen. So, you definitely have stomach and in colorectal. There is modest exchange for the 45s where a 60 will do, [indiscernible]. But in general, I think that mix and surgeon selection in that space is pretty well understood from prior experience with laparoscopy. And we're not overly stressed about it.
Gary Guthart: We don't think that the – of the 12 that were adopted, equal rate. And we'll see some start to break out from the pack, whether it's in colorectal or thoracic relative to some of the others. With regard to reimbursement opportunities going forward, it's something we track and we discuss with surgical societies for their support as needed. We'll see nothing to communicate with you at this time.
Gary Guthart: Let's zoom out for a second and then we can zoom back in. I think the opportunity for computer-aided and robotically assisted surgery and acute intervention more broadly is clearly substantial and clearly durable. And that's going to draw in new entrants, which it's doing. I think those new entrants will help accelerate broader adoption more generally and customers will appreciate that choice. And I think they will look at that. Our strategy over this period has really been, understand our customers deeply and understand the quadruple aim. It's really hard to do the total accounting of what the total available market will be.  And what I'd ask you to look at is over time. What does it look like in the next couple of years? What does it look like in the next four? What does it look like in the next 10? I think some of our competitors as they speak about these opportunities are looking out pretty far. And, okay, that's a forecast. Hard to have an exact crystal ball. But, clearly, even speaking with our most candid critics, the idea that computer aids and robotics are going to make an impact more broadly in surgery is pretty well accepted. So, I think we're early innings. Japan, I think likewise. A little bit different healthcare system. The single payer system that runs through MHLW or the predominantly single-payer system means that their requirements and negotiations using data with the government early are much more important and getting those right opened the market over time, and that's what we've been working on. So, clearly, that's an early set of opportunities for us as well. Our methodology, when we think about total available market, is to be conservative in the early days, show that we can bring real value and then revise as we see greater depth. Other companies take a different statistical approach to that.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. We try to balance our growth and our investments by both the opportunity and we think the opportunity is enormous and durable. And then, we balance it by what we think we can achieve and do well. And that really is what caps our growth in our spend. Absorbing, training, selecting, developing staff during rapid growth is really the challenge and that's what we are focused on. As we get into 2020, 2021 and we'll share with you in future quarters what our plans are, but we try to balance those two things, being agile and pursuing the opportunity; at the same time, making sure we're not over extended and losing our ability to execute and be efficient. So, thank you, that was our last question.
Gary Guthart: In closing, we believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute intervention. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim – better, more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients; better experiences for their care teams; and ultimately a lower total cost of treatment. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human that flows from respect for, and understanding of, patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. We look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah. So, you were asking specifically about dynamics around potential competitors in my comment about the impacts that might have in terms of elongated negotiations or negotiations with customers. We know that when the competitors' products comes out that that will be an impact. When it comes out or when it will have an impact is less certain. And so, we're just trying to make sure that you understand that as those dynamics occur that you're not surprised.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah. I think what you've heard from us and you've heard from others is that there is a substantial opportunity in front of us in terms the minimally invasive market. And so, we think about those opportunities. We think about the technology there necessary to take advantage of those to improve patient outcomes and we think about the global expansion. And so, that's where we're spending our money. We'll give you more precise guidance on what spending we'll do when we get to the January call. So, I'm not going to really comment at this point about magnitude of leverage or deleverage or whatever. But we will continue to spend on expansion.
Marshall Mohr: Yeah. I think it's pretty specific in my remarks actually. For ASPs this quarter, we just saw a really favorable mix just like last quarter in terms of Xis and Xs and Sis. We also saw a really favorable mix in terms of lower distributor and higher direct sales. As far as what you should expect going forward, I think what I said was for the remainder of this year. You should look at ASPs more similar to the mix between Q1 and Q2. And that's where we see it coming out, and that will reflect a higher mix of distribution sales in Q4, which is typical if you go back and look in our history.
Marshall Mohr: At this point, that is what is supposed to happen. I know there is lobbying efforts to try to change that. So, we're just telling you the way it is.
