Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's third quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, included in our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 4, 2013, and our Form 10-Q filed on July 22, 2013. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter's results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results. Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, then I will provide an update to our financial forecast for 2013, and finally we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing you with an update to our financial forecast for 2013 on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates of significant non-cash expenses. Starting with procedures, on our last call, we projected our full year 2013 procedures to grow between 15% and 18%, above the base of approximately 450,000 procedures performed in 2012. Now, with one quarter remaining in 2013 we are refining our estimate for full year 2013 procedure growth to a range of between 16% and 17%. Moving to revenues, as has been discussed several factors are pressuring our business, making it difficult to predict system sales volumes. On our last call, we projected full year 2013 revenue to range from approximately flat to 7% growth. We now expect full year revenue growth in the lower half of that range. Turning to operating income; on our last call, we forecasted operating income to fall within a range of between 37% and 38% of net revenue. We are taking steps to scale back our expenses while not comprising our longer term expansion strategies. We continue to anticipate full year 2013 operating income to fall within the range of between 37% and 38% of revenue. Now, with regard to non-cash stock compensation expenses; we are refining our forecast to between $169 million and $172 million for the year. We expect other income, which is comprised mostly of interest income to total between $16 million and $17 million in 2013. With regard to income tax, as Marshall described, our Q3 tax rate benefited from non-recurring discrete events. For Q4 2013 we’d expect our tax rate to be approximately 28% of pre-tax income, slightly lower than previously forecast, primarily due to the geographic mix of our pre-tax income. Our share count for calculating EPS in Q3 2013 was approximately 39.3 million shares, declining 1.5 million shares in the quarter primarily due to buyback activities. In Q4 we expect our share count to decline approximately 600,000 shares further based upon the full quarter impact of our Q3 buybacks. The actual Q4 share count will depend on several factors, including the magnitude and timing of additional share buybacks if any. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Bob, time for one more follow-up question.Bob A. Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Just one real quick one on utilization, that’s also a challenging part of the model going forward. How do you think that we should be thinking about utilization sort of per system going forward? I assume that that needs to continue to climb up, but just any general thoughts on kind of utilization per installed base as we look forward.
Gary S. Guthart: We do have programs where we invest in clinical research. We also invest in things like supporting registries. Also we’ll go out and provide materials and access to training and other types of resources to allow people to design trials, so we perform that way. We also fund fellowship training. We also fund residency training in different places. So we have a set of things that we do. There are institutions that will look for our health, and there are institutions who want to do things at arms length and that make sense too. So there is a combination of all of those things. I think the areas of study are diverse from very large population studies that occur in more mature procedures to smaller cohorts that are direct comparisons across one or two centers for things that are emerging, so as you think about cholecystectomy and use of Single-Site and things like Firefly Imaging, you’ll see the smaller cohort study start and those will get bigger as time goes on.Ben C. Andrew – William Blair & Co. LLC:  Okay. And then finally for me, in terms of the pipeline for system sales in the quarter, did you see a shift in terms of how people characterize them as a delay or cancellation or any other trends there? Thank you. 
Gary S. Guthart: Well, that’s pretty similar to last quarter. We had a number of systems that – where we got the approvals that we’re accustomed to, but then at the end, we couldn’t get the CEO or CFO and there was a hesitation there on the basis of their own concerns, uncertainties, I should say their own uncertainties around spending capital. And then of course, there’s some capital spending that’s required under the ACA for IT and so forth. And so, I think those are also capturing a greater part of the pie than we’re used to. But I don’t know that there was anything in particular I would point out.
Gary S. Guthart: I’ll let Calvin go into the modeling and the mix, but before he does just I have a comment. I think there are a couple of things going on. On the things like Single-Site and some of the benign procedures that are more cost-sensitive, we have offerings that reflect that greater cost sensitivity, and we’re happy to provide them. I think that they make sense and they fit the procedure profile. :
Gary S. Guthart: Generally speaking, you see people coming back from vacations globally in September and so the seasonality there is such that September is stronger than the prior months and we do expect that. And then the other piece is that as our business has a greater share of benign surgeries in it over time, those tend to be more subject to seasonality. So the mix is becoming a more seasonal mix, relative to prior years and so you see that bulk of those effects kind of compound.Tao L. Levy – Wedbush Securities, Inc.:  Thanks.
Gary S. Guthart: I’ll answer the last part first. On the system side, I think that we’ve given you a pretty broad range for the results for Q4, and Calvin even said this in his script, that reflects uncertainty as to how capital will close. And so I don’t think we exited any particular confidence on what will happen in Q4 relative to Q3. Our visibility to procedures is better. It is imperfect, but it is better than into capital purchasing decisions, particularly in the U.S. where you’re seeing some market dynamic changes. And so, we’ve given you a broad range and the reason for that broad range is it’s hard to predict how hospital administration will make some of their decisions. And right now some of the anecdotes are that hospital administrators are trying to project what their revenues will look like as the elements of the ACA get implemented and that revenue uncertainty on their side just flows through into the capital decision making uncertainty and down the line.
Gary S. Guthart: That’s an interesting question Amit. You really have to tease it apart and you have to take a look at the underlying condition, the surgical specialty itself, the alternative opportunity, the alternative treatment. In other words, when you are looking at urology and you are talking about kidney cancer, bladder cancer, prostate cancer. I think it’s safe to say that, you are more immune to some of these sort of allegations that people are throwing out in the media than you are versus let’s say a benign procedure that has some benign therapies and they will high line cost and some incorrect comparators. And so I would say that the majority of that noise that we have heard and have felt is probably been in the benign GYN ide, more than anything else we have seen thus far. And I think that continues.Amit Hazan – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thanks guys.
Gary S. Guthart: So our first expansion will really be in terms of number of site supported with the existing Stapler. So the Stapler we have today is really targeted and optimized for colorectal procedures in terms of how big it is and what these Staple Reloads look like. And so we are going to do that and that’s where we are focused on in the near-term. Longer-term, we are working on prototypes and developing the capabilities for other types of reloads focused on other types of procedures and we will do that. That will be further out. That’s not a near-term.Jonathan Demchick – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay, very helpful and just had a quick follow-up on the procedure guidance. I know you guys have given a little bit of detail here, but I just wanted to push a little further. I think it implies roughly 13% to 17% procedure growth in the fourth quarter and I was wondering if maybe you could discuss some of the assumptions across the product categories that you revealed in that guidance, and if you see any significant acceleration or deceleration across any of the large groups.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, I think it’s probably similar to the commentary we had last quarter and at the higher end of the range you’re talking about a continuation of the trends that we’re on from benign gynecology, general surgery and prostatectomy in the U.S. as well as international growth rates. At the lower end of the guidance it’ll just be contemplation of other factors coming to play in terms of a further decline in benign, demand for benign procedures. You’re entering a quarter that’s typically very strong seasonally and if it comes out less strong for some reason that’d be considered as well as if you see any changing trends in the cholecystectomy or prostatectomy that will be reflective in the lower end.Jonathan Demchick – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Thank you, very helpful.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, we can. Yes.Bob A. Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good afternoon. So I just wanted to ask you a big picture question on procedure volume growth. If I look at the model going back to the first quarter of 2012, your procedure volume growth was close to 30% and it’s kind of going down a little bit each quarter and now we’re at 16% this quarter and you’re looking at fourth quarter maybe being at the same level or a little bit lower. And so I guess just from a big picture perspective I want to get a sense of your confidence that this sort of mid-teens procedure volume growth rate is close to a bottom or is the bottom? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Gary S. Guthart: I don’t think we are ready to give really 2014 guidance. What I’d say here in terms of what are that dynamics, what’s going on underneath these things. I think we have a large category that in the U.S. were quickly and is now growing more slowly and that was gynecology and we have a large category in the U.S. in general surgery that’s on the early part of this adoption and I think the answer to your question is going to come down to the rates of that growth on both of those sides and I think what you would expect of the company is to manage the activities that would support growth and so in the U.S. our activities are focused on supporting surgical growth and that comes down to making sure the product set makes sense for that customer, making sure that our training capability is aligned and ready to go, our sales force is capable of doing what they need to do and we have opportunity for growth or accelerate growth in U.S. markets, in Japan, where we’re making investments in Europe. So those are the underlying drivers and how it shapes out in future quarters we’ll report to you as we have greater…Bob A. Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  I appreciate that and I wasn’t really asking about any particular quarter, just asking about all the different trends that are impacting growth and where we stand now and just trying to kind of gauge your confidence on. At this point there are more positives to negatives and again just trying to gauge confidence as to sort of where we are in the cycle right now and your confidence that this is obviously critically important metric to your company that we have your best sense as to where that’s going to fall out.
Gary S. Guthart: One of the challenges, Bob has always been trying to read the assumptions that we’ve given you and hold them for long periods of time. In other words, we’re almost – the way the question is framed, it’s almost asking us to sort of freeze the assumption as the final assumptions and not take into consideration things like potential expansion of, let’s say Single-Site hysterectomy and/or international market growth where we’re putting in a lot of resources and training centers and so on and so forth. So I would say from a confidence standpoint, we believe there are a lot of future drivers and present drivers in the business and it becomes as it always does, an execution story, both downstream and upstream execution of what we think are great opportunities and that’s what you should judge us on and that’s where our focus is.
Gary S. Guthart: Yes, I mean if you look at just the trends right, coming up prior to 2013, we’ve seen gradual increases in utilization per system as measured by procedures done in a quarter as a numerator and a denominator of the systems installed at the beginning of the quarter. We’ve seen that gradually increasing. Now you get to 2013 with the moderating growth in benign gynecology. Now you’re seeing moderate decreases in each of the first three quarters of this year. Yeah, ultimately I think we’d still say procedures are really what drive this business here. There are other factors that impact the timing of system sales, which we’ve been through, but again procedures and the greater growth there is going to be the key and I think the ultimate utilization is going to depend on a lot of factors; hospitals gaining efficiency, Affordable Care Act, procedure mix. So the ultimate direction, it’s hard to really say.Bob A. Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks very much.
Gary S. Guthart: That was the last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. The following is a part of an interview published by Medscape with Dr. Joseph Colella, Director of Robotic Surgery at Magee Women’s Hospital, part of UPMC. When he was asked about the future of robotic assisted surgery, the answer is follows, “As a potential patient stop for a moment and put on the commonsense hat. Your surgeon tells you that he can see 100% better in three dimensions that he can sew better and in the future, he will be able to do every procedure through one incision. You can imagine that the sky is the limit in employing robotic surgery. It’s an enabling technology. I firmly believe that we are finding new and beneficial applications, almost on a monthly basis. For instance, nobody ever thought you would be able to resect tumors of larynx without taking half of the face apart to get to them. With the robot in the right hands, you can do those operations in an hour and the patient goes home the next day.” This concludes our today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to next three months.
