Gary Guthart: Marshall, why don’t you jump in and speak a little bit to the linearity question and I will talk a little bit -- I will pick up the diagnostic pipelines then.
Gary Guthart: On the diagnostic side, I think, there’s a broad recognition by healthcare providers that it’s not in anybody’s interest for these pipelines to remain stalled. I think there are efforts to drive them. That said, in terms of how fast they refill and patient comfort to come in and get these things done. I think all of us are going to have to wait and see. So we will keep watching and tracking it. Channel check show that people are working on it. How fast did it converges? I don’t think anybody has a great predictor.
Gary Guthart: Sure. On the customer feedback side, we have seen a positive response. There are different market segments, both in terms of the types of procedures that people are interested in using. Our device 4, da Vinci 4 and also different regions and those reimbursement dynamics and payment dynamics differ. In places where that has been greater stress, we have seen really positive engagement and response. We will see as it plays out in time. I think COVID in the early days of Extended Use will be a confounding factor, that the early drivers may be as simple as how folks are treating non-COVID and COVID patients concurrently. But we think as it lays out in time this is going to be really healthy for us and was not a hard analysis to do to understand the potential value of it. In terms of regulatory pathways, we don’t see real hurdles on the regulatory side. I think there’s work to be done in terms of validations, and otherwise, I think, that’s all well enhanced. So I don’t see stresses around regulatory clearances as it relates to Extended Use Instruments.
Gary Guthart: For several folks there, there are a handful of commercial groups in China that are working on systems of one variety or another whether they seek to compete with a multi-port da Vinci type system or a single port system or an Ion type system, we see interest in all those things. Ultimately, they will make it through the regulatory process and get into the market. We see great demand in China and the increase in the quota, I think, is a reflection of customer interest working its way through the national processes to get additional approval. So we feel like we are in a strong position competitively. We think that there’s a real market there that’s really gated and limited by the quota system and we expect others will enter the market seeing the value it has and we have oriented our teams to make sure we are meeting customer needs better than others.
Gary Guthart: I hesitate to characterize it just because I don’t know what the future holds for COVID outbreaks and strain. What I can say is that, hospitals are handling the concurrent needs that they have a little bit better. I think they have protocols that they feel good about. I think they have access to resources and things like PPE that early on they didn’t. That gives us some comfort that barring a massive influx that they can manage both size of patient need. What that plays out like in the future, sorry, capacity is better. It’s also clear that they want to do minimally invasive surgery and high quality minimally invasive surgery and they have an interest in using our products gives me comfort. What the weather does, what the COVID pandemic does, I think, it is harder for Intuitive to have direct insight into.
Gary Guthart: Turning to the issue of what do we think it’s going to catalyze. First, we think that surgeons have an interest in using our products broadly, and in fact, in procedures that have been traditionally done laparoscopically. Early days of the company it was predominantly a substitution of open surgery. It was a way to allow minimally invasive surgery where open surgery was the norm and MIS by manual means was really difficult. And yet in general surgery we are seeing a draw, a pull by our customer base to do with da Vinci procedures that are often done with laparoscopy and there’s a reason for that. System is ergonomically sound. It allows more complex cases to be done comfortably and repeatedly, and so we see real demand there. And as a result, we feel like as we have gotten scale, as our instrument quality and processes have improved over the years and we have made design changes, we can make it easier for those who want to use it more broadly to do so economically. So we think it’s going to stimulate over the long-term more demand on that side and a better way to say it perhaps is it’s going to reduce barriers. I think customers want to go there and this reduces barriers to them getting there. With regard to upgrades, I think, there are a whole hosts of good reasons to move -- for a customer to move into a Generation 4 system, Xi or X, if they are in a Gen 3 or Gen 2 system and S or Si and Extended Use Instruments are just one of the advantages there. So I think it helps that problem, but I think that, if I had to weigh it to the former is a strong pull in this. Extended Use Instruments, next-gen imaging, next-gen advanced instruments, next-gen stapling, vessel sealing, those things are great reasons to upgrade from an Si into Gen 4.
Gary Guthart: I have been relatively pleased with the nature of conversations with hospitals around systems and how they view the robotic programs. I think they are being highly rational. I think they view high quality minimally invasive surgery is important going forward. They have a lot more data at their fingertips, a lot of its supplied by us to understand and measure the performance of their programs and they can look out and say, okay, as they -- if they get more comfortable with recovery, does this help them, and largely speaking, yes, they view it as a help. So I think that’s good. Having said that, I think, they are trying to plan what their finance is going to look like in 2021. Some of them have reasonable visibility others have low visibility. And so I think they may pace and we are seeing that pacing. I am not discouraged over the long-term. I look out, I think, that a combination of analytical prowess and recognizing the value of lower variability, high quality interventions is quite strong. So it will be hard to predict in the near-term. We expect pressure, as Marshall said. I think Marshall is right on it. Having said that, in the long-term, as procedures come back, capital will be important and we keep innovating on our products that catalyzes upgrade cycles.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I think we have an interest in and pride in our organic innovation capabilities and I expect that to remain a pillar in part of our DNA. As we have grown and as I think the market has started to really appreciate here, I mean, the medical market, really appreciate what robotic-assisted surgery and computer aided surgery can do. I think that a lot of new avenues open and that provides opportunity for us. We have been -- we are not a not invented here culture. We are open-minded to the very bright people outside. We do a lot of activities and tuck-ins over time. Those may get bigger in time. We may continue to do it. In general, I’d prefer to bring things in earlier rather than later. On the other hand, if something is interesting, we are open-minded to it. The venture fund and our futures initiatives, I think, are really recognizing as an interesting ecosystem out there developing. There’s a lot of technology lines that can make a big difference in medicine and we would like to facilitate that growth.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. I will start and I will ask Marshall to do a little bit more of the comparator. For us we kind of think about it in three categories. One of them is, what are the kinds of things we can invest and that makes a substantive change in outcomes, not a 2% change but a bigger one and those things get our attention and drive a set of investments, that’s one. We look out at new ways to get into the body with less damage to healthy tissue and less variability. As you know, we look a lot in ways we can bring more information to the surgeon and to make that information more understandable, whether it’s advanced imaging or higher quality imaging or machine learning. All those things are ways to help the decision-making and share the load with surgeons and we are making substantial progress in that domain. And we have been talking for several quarters now, perhaps, several years, about catalyzing a virtuous cycle of driving volume, driving quality, decreasing the cost to make our products and sharing those savings with our customers, which allows them to take our products into places they would like to go and we see that happen as well. So those are categorically where we are thinking. Marshall, I will let you take the kind of rough mix question.
Gary Guthart: I would just kind of anchor everybody on what IRIS is. This is augmented reality program that takes preoperative 3D models, MR and CT scans, things like that that are typically already done in the workflow of a workup for a patient and making it really easy for the surgeon to have access to that data real time, first, before the case to help them visualize the case and plan, and second to have it in real-time in the console. So it’s kind of a really simple idea, and as you say, and rightly say, doing it well, executing it well is the hard part. We have some really good natural collaboration partners in the space to do that with. You think about -- we don’t go out and acquire those images ourselves. They are acquired on other people’s devices. Those companies are incented and open-minded about how to help those things progress and we have had good relationships with them. We have done some really cool proprietary things. We have a brilliant team of scientists and computer scientists who have thought hard about how to make that augmented reality work really well. And it’s easy to do a quick prototype and it’s hard to do it in such a way that it’s additive to the procedure and doesn’t get in the way of the surgeon. That’s a lot of what has been going on in IRIS since then. And then if you think about, well, where can that take you inside the body, it’s really neat. You think about you are interested in what the vasculature is up to, you are interested in what solid organs are doing, you are interested in where tumor boundaries are and surgeons getting access to that, thinking through what approach might be, getting advice from the computing system is how that might work and consulting with patients about it. Those things are really good, facilitated discussions. I think we are quite strong relative to what I see out in the market from others and where people are kind of in universities. So our team is really good. How that grows over time? What parts of the body we approach next? We have a roadmap. We are working through it. We think that surgeons and hospitals will value it. We are developing the evidence in IRIS 1.0, this first launch to really build the value and to lay that roadmap. So far, we have really passionate advocates both inside and outside the company. So, so far, so good.
Gary Guthart: I think we are coming at it from three different ways and we have no great insight to share with you. I wish I had better insight. I don’t know that if somebody gave you great insight that I would believe it. Having said that, with that as a lovely setup, Phil, if anything you would like to add, please jump in.
Gary Guthart: We are in close contact with our customers to the extent that we can help them provide assurance to patients to make sure that they stay attending to their healthcare. If we can partner with others to make that easier we do. We had some of those opportunities. Largely, I think, this is a -- the main owners of this process are the health providers themselves and we stand in support of them. What makes it so hard to model is that no region, no hospital, no country fits a single pattern and so you are integrating across a wide spot.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Perfectly fair question. I -- clearly, we think that there’s greater demand at different price points, given both the types of procedures that people want to do and given the regions. What that TAM looks like over what period of time. I don’t think we are ready to update with you on this call. We do think over time and as we move into next year, we will have greater visibility in terms of what’s actually happening versus what our models are and we will start to share with you a little bit more of what our models look like.
Gary Guthart: Yeah. Fair. I haven’t anchored it on a particular time horizon. I think, frankly, it’s exactly as you have really outlined in your question, what’s implied in your question is, I think, as COVID is either tamped down or concurrently managed well, every -- it’s in the healthcare system and patient’s interest to make sure that people aren’t sitting with undiagnosed conditions or suffering with diagnosed conditions that are being untreated. I think health systems globally, health policymakers and leaders of these institutions are trying to make sure they serve their constituencies well. And to me, the definition of mid-term is when they come over the hump of being able to manage that set of backlogs and the flow of patients, that may mean managing it within a COVID context or maybe that COVID impressions start to drop and they have more room. So you can imagine it plays out in a couple of different ways. So as long as hospital systems are fully in reactive mode with regard to COVID, I think, we are in the near-term. So I’d define mid-term as when folks are not in pure reaction that -- when they can manage things concurrently. And we see that executing well in some countries where COVID exists. It’s not growing out of sight and they can manage that pretty well. And where that happens, we see a return to managing surgical patients pretty well. So it’s one that starts to happen in more and more countries. How long does that take? I don’t really know and what exactly the catalysts are? Well, it depends on COVID management policy.
Gary Guthart: Okay. Thanks, Bob. Well, that was our last question. In closing, we continue to believe there is a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams and pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim, better, more predictable patient outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking with you again in three months. This concludes today’s call.
