Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Director of Finance. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, included in our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 4, 2013, and our Form 10-Q filed on July 22, 2013. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our fourth quarter financial results. Patrick will discuss marketing and clinical highlights and I will provide our financial outlook for 2014. Finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our financial outlook for 2014. Starting with procedures. In 2013, total da Vinci procedures grew approximately 16% to roughly 523,000 procedures performed worldwide. We exited 2013 with fourth quarter procedures up approximately 12% versus the prior year. During 2014, we anticipate a stabilization of the procedure growth rate with the full year procedures growing within a range of approximately 9% to 12%. Based on an increasing proportion of benign procedures in our procedure mix, we anticipate a more pronounced quarterly seasonality impact in the upcoming first quarter 2014. Moving to revenues, as has been discussed earlier, several factors are pressuring our business, making it difficult in the near-term for us to predict system sales volumes, and as a consequence, total revenue. As we enter 2014, our visibility into system sales is challenged by the breadth of the range of our procedure growth forecast. As a reminder, procedures drive capital sales and the relationship between procedure growth rates and capital sales is highly sensitive. Economic pressure and uncertainty at hospital associated with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, evolving utilization patterns and point-of-care dynamics as described by Patrick earlier in the call and likely variability and the timing of Japan, system sales given the time until additional procedure reimbursement anticipated in 2016. Given our capital sales performance in the back half of 2013, and the persistence of some of the issues described above, it is likely that we will sell fewer systems and 2014 in the 546 systems sold in 2013. Due to limited visibility regarding the capital side of our business, we will not be providing revenue forecast at this time. As we gain greater visibility, it is our intention to reinstate revenue guidance. We believe deeply in our ability to fundamentally improve surgery and are pursuing plans to increase the use of da Vinci-enabled MIS around the globe. As a result, 2014 will be a year of increased investment for Intuitive Surgical, even during this upcoming period of capital sales uncertainty. We will be building our international capabilities, investing in new product development and pursuing growth in both of our procedures businesses' segments. In 2014, we plan to grow our operating expenses roughly 12% to 15% above 2013 levels. We expect our non-cash stock compensation to range between $180 million and $190 million in 2014, compared to $169 million in 2013. We expect other income which is comprised mostly of interest income to total between $15 million and $20 million in 2014. With regard to income tax, we expect our 2014 income tax rate to be between 25% and 28% of pre-tax income, depending primarily on the mix of U.S. and international profits. This forecast does not assume the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit in 2014. Our share count for calculating diluted EPS in Q4 2013 was approximately 38.8 million shares, declining 500,000 shares in the quarter, primarily due to the full quarter impact of Q3 buybacks. Our actual Q1 and fiscal year 2014 share count will depend on several factors, including the magnitude and timing of any additional share buybacks. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes. I mean I don't have much to add to that other than just to acknowledge that prior to 2013, we had really a longstanding history of gradually increasing utilization per system and it is true that based upon the issues that we described, we had a modest decrease in utilization, average utilization. Again, be aware of averages in 2013, but again capacity is really just one of the factors involved in system acquisitions by hospitals.
Calvin Darling: I would just add, we still feel we have a significant opportunity here in Women's health, specifically hysterectomy on the more complex multi-port side. There are over 100,000 women now are still having open hysterectomies in the United States, so we think our technology can improve their outcomes. Then we are very early on the less complex side, on our Single-Site offering where there is something like 200,000 laparoscopic in vaginal procedures that perhaps you would have a place there.
Gary Guthart: Not clear where consensus will wind up, so I think try and project where that will go and I think it's probably not worth speculating on the call. I think we laid out the underlying dynamics that have produced near-term visibility through the script pretty well and if we had greater visibility on that, we would share it with you. I think that the looking out at what the in-patient admissions will be for the benign procedures we serve and what those dynamics will be has been moving around looking at how hospitals model their revenues in the face of ACA in that benign segment that we operate in and then trying to predict what Japan will do. We have an operating plan. We understand where we are going. We are disciplined about what we expected to do in terms of activity, but this is a wide range and so rather than speculate, I think this is where we are.
Gary Guthart: I don't think its an advance. I think its more around as we see how patient flows are going to our customers, although they will have a better view and as their view improves, our view improves. I think it is really as simple as that.
Gary Guthart: Well, I will as Marshall to take you through a little bit of what framing looks like and my only comment before he jumps in is, beware of averaging. There is now multiple products in the line and the average is not necessarily predictive of what's going on underneath.
Gary Guthart: So we really have, if you go back, we sold three in the first quarter, two in the second quarter, two in the third quarter and then we sold 21 total. There are 20 in U.S., 21 total. To me, that's one quarter of success in selling it to customers that are looking for a lower cost system for benign conditions. I think I don't have enough data to really predict exactly how many we will be selling every quarter. So I am not going to go there.
Gary Guthart: One comment I guess I would add for a little clarity there. I don't think with any sub-segment, the ASPs are going to fluctuate that much. It's a mix of those sub-segments that makes it predictive.
Gary Guthart: The timing of it is very hard to predict, but we have '14 and '15 before the next round of a broad national reimbursement. There may be hospitals that get individual redemptions to collect data, but broadly, there will be some time and so figuring out how much absorption there will be in Japan over that two-year period as it's just very hard to model, so looks likely it's hard to predict, but over time. I think it's going to be constrained and so directionally, I do not think you will keep selling systems at a very high rate and so that constraint is broken with reimbursement.
Gary Guthart: Good question, so we had a small reduction in our U.S. Sales force at the end of the year. It was about 50 people just for those who maybe listening to the haven heard this conversation. We had a team that had grown that was layered on top of our main course design to pursue gynecology. As gynecology has matured in the U.S. they were in essence double serving those accounts, so we hold them back into the main force, but that's was 50 out of a commercial force of about [800]. We anticipate growing forward in the year in a few places. Europe, we continue to see investment in our organization there. In Asia, more broadly we will invest in that opportunity and in our channel there. In the U.S., in product development, we will continue investments and other parts of operations. I think headcount growth will continue through the year. I won't be a sharp increase, but I think that it will be targeted where we needed. With regard to how we discuss opportunities with hospital customers in terms of standard of care. we think our capital sales team is well positioned to start the year here to have those conversations.
Gary Guthart: To finish the thought to acknowledge your question, I think procedures are the number one. Of the three things, procedures are very important and procedure growth rate is important and it's something we are focused on.
Gary Guthart: I will start and Marshall can chime in. I think the first thing is, we will manage the business for the long-term and we will look around and say, the mission of the company and the way we ought to be evaluated is, are we satisfying the mission of improving surgery in the areas and markets that we can do that and I think there's a lot of opportunity for us and we will pursue that. Fiscal discipline is important and I think it's important in two ways. One is, spending discipline is important to make sure that we are careful about where we spend. And investment discipline is important. In this period of time we will invest. We will invest in a disciplined way but we think that the opportunity ahead of the company to make surgery better is substantial and we are in a great position to do it and I think pulling back that set of investments in the face of some near term uncertainty would not be in the long term interest of the company. So that's how we look at it. In terms of operating levers, they are sort of near term and long term and I will let Marshall talk to that.
Gary Guthart: I think that the new instruments that we are bringing in, I think the broadening of the launch of Stapling and the use of Firefly, those are enabling technologies. They speed the efficiency of the procedure, they allow a better workflow so I think that's helpful. The investments we have made in our training centers are really to make for easy access for learnings surgeons that have access to resources and I think that's been a good investment for us and that can help the investments we have made in simulation and access to simulation are other things that I think help. We are really happy and feel that the data study is important in showing that the totality of learning resources for surgeons. It's not just what Intuitive does, what Proctors do, what advanced [work] does, has resulted in great and safe adoption of new technology, and I think that's a powerful message and likely to be repeated in other disciplines beyond just prostatectomy.
Gary Guthart: Fair question. I think, and you know this well, I know your team knows this well. Once you are on these adoption curves, the year-over-year growth rate falls, that's just the nature of those adoption curves On the multi-port side, I would expect that it continues in the U.S. but there is a continued deceleration the pace of which will be hard to predict and we will see. Single-Site hysterectomy is an opportunity. We are early in that opportunity, we have been in limited launch. The limited launch has gone very well clinically and it's gone really well from uptake in the way surgeons who are being trained have adopted it. We are adding some instruments into that kit, bringing back some listed instruments that will we think optimize the procedure and give surgeons a little more flexibility in approaching tissue and we are working through those things. I think that's a well known pathway for us and we think that will help. That's still early. We are not into a full very broad launch there. Although we have broadened the launch from its early days, really starting in the fourth quarter and continuing through here, so I think that launch will open up through the year Single-Site hysterectomy and we will continue to report on it to you as to how we progress.
Gary Guthart: Yes. I think you saw in the fourth quarter there were some points there were mentioned first off, the margin the gross margin was impacted by lower production volumes which, when you divide some of the manufacturing cost by fewer units of production, that has a negative impact on margin, and so you saw that. Could that be a continuing headwind to some extent I would say yes. Beyond that, you come down to some of the product mix discussions on gross margin that I think, we are not predicting how much is going to be Si-e versus four arm Si. Geographic, I think it's too many moving parts to make a prediction there on that.
Gary Guthart: I think you would ask kind of a longer-term question, directionally how do we think about it. And I think as we look at the opportunities and we talk about segmentation of the business, we want to match the clinical and technical capability of the products we bring, the procedure opportunity and the underlying economics of those procedures together. We think we have opportunities to do that and we think it's really in the best interest of the company to do it. I think we can get to an attractive margin profile in both segments. Some of that is near term and some of that is long-term in terms of investments and products. So we will do that.
Gary Guthart: I will just maybe start. Two ways to think about it. I think the first one is, the range and procedure guidance is pretty broad relative to the base and because system placements are sensitive to that range, that's a multiplier on the uncertainty. That's one. The second is that, it may be that utilization trends differ over time just because of point of care, as Patrick had mentioned pretty clearly, and because hospitals may look out and say I want greater capital utilization of what I have got, and I am willing to make some compromises and convenience to get that. We may see those two different things that work against each other and so how that plays out. What I would say on that second half is that, those changes are unlikely to switch on a dime, because they are operational in nature. You have to move, you have to adjust hospital operations to make it happen. So that may happen, but I don't think that happens the day after tomorrow. I think that's something that would play out in time.
Gary Guthart: As always, we start with procedures and work our way back rather than thinking about outpatient operating rooms and work our way forward. So Calvin or Patrick can speak to it.
Gary Guthart: Yes, I will start with hysterectomy. I think that the underlying disease state is not changing in the U.S. I don't see any rapid change there. I think the set of treatments that are being offered are also not changing very much. What we seem to be seeing change is payor behavior and kind of patient decision making with that payor behavior and so it's a little bit hard to predict what that will look like, but over time and I think any of the three possibilities you outlined is possible. I think, I look out and Calvin mentioned it as well. There are 100,000 or so open procedures being done. For women in United States for hysterectomy, many of whom are great candidates for proven safer, minimally invasive procedure and yet they are getting open procedures and that is an opportunity, so if that patient population comes in and has an opportunity then that would be a positive and an upside. The other possible upside is of course single incision, Single-Site hysterectomy as that kit rolls out further and we augment it, so those are possible upsides. How payor behavior changes through the year? What some of the patient decision-making looks like? That's a little bit harder to predict. On the general surgery side, as you know the adoption rates are always year-over-year growth rates and adoption curve always highest in the beginning and then they decline over time. As the base grows, it's absolutely a natural progression. The speed of that I think is going to depend on procedure-by-procedure. What is the total available market for single incision cholecystectomy, that's an estimate. Everybody would look at that and try to figure it out. It's not a clear substitution against another one that's just sitting there, so we will see what that looks like. Colorectal, I think, we feel really good about. You look at colorectal and we bring a huge amount of value there. Cholecystectomy, patient enthusiasm, surgeon commitment, training and growth in those procedures has been really encouraging, and the last thing is that general surgery has been growing beyond those two into some other things and we will let them evolve for a couple of quarters, but I think that will be interesting to see where else general surgeons take the opportunity in the technology and it looks to be broader than just those two. Overall, I think our feeling is, we could bring a lot of value to general surgery is high.
Gary Guthart: Yes. Good question, so short answer, combination of a couple of things. The Single-Site instrument kit is both, procedurally adopted to a three-arm system, it's also priced right for that set of procedures. Then Firefly adding into that is a nice mix together that gives kind of a fully capable system to do those things in an ambulatory setting, so I think those combinations bought together helped and I think an organizational alignment around describing the value of that also helps, so that's how we have gotten where we are. Thank you for the question. That was our last question. As we have said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organization focus remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope you are following segment of an editorial by Dr. Tim Wilson, Chief of the Division of Urology and Neurologic Oncology, at the City of Hope Cancer Center gives you some sense of what this means to da Vinci surgeons and their patients. "In this era of health care reform, policymakers, hospitals and providers are all evaluating ways to reduce the overall cost burden to society while improving the quality outcomes for patients. Often lost in the debate is the need for investment in technologies that can help mitigate the significant cost drivers of health care. Robotic-assisted surgery is a game-changing technology in medicine yet it is deeply misunderstood and often dismissed as just another expensive tool for driving costs up. This could not be farther from the truth. The cost of that technology has to be compared with the alternative cost of treatment. Displacing large abdominal incisions that have complications, high rates of death, blood loss, higher risk of infection and higher length of hospital stay is a good investment and aligns with the goals of health care reform. Medicine needs innovation, but usually is slow to change. Decades ago, the same criticisms of robotic surgery plagued laparoscopy. It was expensive, unproven and not safe. To-date, more than 2.1 million da Vinci surgeries have been performed worldwide with an extremely low death rate, a declining rate of adverse events, and a growing body of clinical evidence that demonstrates safety, effectiveness and an ability to reduce both costs and complications of open surgery. As a surgeon who has performed thousands of procedures, including open, manual laparoscopic and robotic-assisted urologic cancer surgeries, I believe robotic-assisted surgery is the kind of technological disruption that truly will reform health care." The improvements in surgery described by Dr. Wilson drive our team and form the foundation of our operating performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and we look forward to talking with you again in three months.
Marshall Mohr: So just as I said in the call, the average pricing that we receive for Si-e's was between about $1 million, $1.2 million depending on the configuration that's obviously lower than an Si with four arms. The Si-e does only have three arms and so it does not cost the same amount of money to produce. The gross margins are several points below. It is six, seven points below what they are for Si systems. It's able to open benign procedures for us. It is clearly an outpatient settings, we are upward.
Marshall Mohr: Yes. I assume you mean the system pricing assumptions, and like Gary said, here it is really important to be aware of the averages. If you look at it overall, our ASP was about $1.5 million in both the full year of 2012 and 2013 and in Q4 our ASP declines to $1.455 million as we saw this significant increase in the lower-priced three arm Si-e's. As you know, these Si-e's are targeted towards a growing procedures segment of Single-Site and less complex procedures and in 2014 we will remain focused on ongoing these procedure category with more Si-e system sales but also as was mentioned at the same time, the proportion of the higher featured dual console and Firefly systems also increased in 2013 and furthermore the systems that went to Japan's in strong numbers were higher. So I guess the point of it is, now going forward the ASPs will potentially vary more significantly quarter-to-quarter based upon this broader pricing mix and I will just fall short of trying to guess which way it is going to go.
Marshall Mohr: Some operating levers, they operate on their own. What I mean by that is commission, a large portion of our cost base is variable. It varies with revenue. So even in the SG&A category, a large portion is commission based and so as revenue fluctuates so does the amount of costs that we have but otherwise, I think Gary outlined, that some of the other things. I think that we have some levers but we are going to continue to invest in our future.
