Calvin Darling: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical’s first quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today’s call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 6, 2016. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC’s EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today’s press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today’s format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter’s business and operational highlights; Marshall will provide a review of our first quarter financial results; Patrick is rejoining us to discuss procedure and clinical highlights; then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2017; and finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2017. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we estimated full-year 2017 procedure growth of 9% to 12% above the approximately 752,000 procedures performed in 2016. Now, based upon favorable trends and key markets outside of the U.S., U.S. general surgery growth and solid results in mature U.S. procedure categories, we’re increasing our estimate for 2017. We now anticipate full-year 2017 procedure growth within a range of 12% to 14% We expect the Q2 procedure growth, procedure rates – procedure growth rates, particularly in Europe will reflect fewer operating days than in the previous year. In regards to system placements, 21 of our 133 first quarter system placements were structured as operating leases. Going forward in 2017, we expect an increasing proportion of system placements to be under operating leases. We have recently expanded our leasing programs in Germany and Korea and in the U.S. more customers are considering operating lease arrangements to acquire da Vinci capacity. The average selling price for system sold outright will vary quarter-to-quarter based upon factors, including product, regional, and trade and mix. With the upcoming expansion of our value-oriented system offering and increasing placements in the cost-sensitive markets segments, we expect that our average system selling price will trend gradually lower in 2017. As we have described, approximately $23 million of product revenue was deferred in Q1 related to our da Vinci X trade-out program. In future quarters, we expect to defer additional revenue related to da Vinci X trade-out offers that we will make to customers in the U.S. and other markets ahead of the availability of the product. We will recognize revenue at the point the trade-out offers are executed or when they expire. Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2017 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 69% and 71% of net revenue. We now expect our full-year 2017 gross profit margin to be in the upper-half of that range. Turning to operating expenses. As we have described previously, we have accelerated our investments in several strategic areas that will benefit the company over the long run. Accordingly, we have ramped our operating expenses as we focus on execution. On our last call, we forecast pro forma 2017 operating expenses to grow between 15% and 18% above 2016 levels. We now anticipate coming in at the higher-end of that range. Consistent with our last call, we expect non-cash stock compensation expense to range between $190 million and $200 million in 2017 compared to $178 million in 2016. We expect 2017 other income to be between $30 million and $35 million, compared to the $25 million to $30 million range forecast on our last call. With regard to income tax. Consistent with previous guidance, we expect our 2017 pro forma income tax rate to be between 26.5 and 28.5 of pre-tax income depending primarily on the mix of U.S. and international profits. During Q1, we had $38.5 million diluted shares outstanding for EPS calculations. As Marshall described, in connection with our accelerated share buyback program, on January 27, we took delivery and retired approximately 2.4 million shares, representing the initial delivery from Goldman Sachs. Based upon the timing of this transaction during the quarter, about 1.7 million shares were reduced from our Q1 share count. The remaining 700,000 of the 2.4 million share reduction will be realized in Q2, reflecting the full quarter impact. The final delivery of shares under the program, if any, will be delivered at the end of the contract period in November. Beyond the accelerated buyback, our actual Q2 shares outstanding will also be affected by the impact of employee option grants, share price, and other diluted share calculation inputs, as well as any other buybacks. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call for your questions.
Calvin Darling: Yes, Amit, this is Calvin, and we’re definitely pleased with our Q1 gross profit results and our continued progress to reduce costs and improve efficiency, as Marshall took you through. And as such, we did take up our guidance to the upper-half of the 69% to 71% range. But you look at specifically in Q1, the gross margin of 72% in the quarter benefited from product mixes, 77% of our revenue is from higher margin recurring revenue and 23% came from lower margin capital. Also during the quarter again, we had very few charges associated with field actions, excess, obsolete inventory. So as we look forward into the balance of 2017, we think the margin will be impacted by things, including of course, capital sales comprising a higher proportion of the revenue and that mix factor, there will be some costs start to build up that – to support the manufacturers some of the new products. We are assuming a higher field action and charges more aligned with historic ratios. And then, as I talked about in the prepared comments, some directionally lower system ASPs as we expand our value-oriented system offering and increased placements in the cost-sensitive market segments, and of course, the margin will vary quarter-to-quarter.
Gary Guthart: We plan to launch in Europe first and we are in the process of the CE Markreview. We expect that we’ll pass through that review in the next quarter or so.
Gary Guthart: Sure. So let me describe a little bit of what it is first. It really combines our latest instrument accessory, robotic, and computing and imaging technology with an Si patients cart chassis. This brings to market advanced upgrade package for Si technology that’s lost between the Si and the Xi in terms of its breadth of clinical reach. And it creates an attractive entry point for either an upgrade or a new install. I think that it will do well in places that Si does well today and adds to it some of the Xi technologies at an attractive economic place. Where that goes in terms of treatment locations, we’ll see. I think it will be well received.
Gary Guthart: Yes. You’ll have to wait on ASPs. We aren’t announcing it at this time just directionally it will be between Sis and Xis. In terms of capability, again, we’ll, as we launch, we’ll give you additional information in terms of future benefit. It isn’t foundational in terms of the types of procedures it can do. It will make Sis more capable to more comfortably do more procedures. So Xi will remain the top of the line. Xi has intraoperative table motion. It has automated help and set up an optimization and multi quadrant functions that X will not have.
Gary Guthart: Yes, the clinical side has been really good. We’re feeling great about our clinical experience and overall product performance. We do – we did learn some things in our trial that we want to make a little easier, it has to do with making it a little bit easier to set up and a little bit smoother and optimize workflow. We decided that, given the extensive HF, human factors validations that are required by regulators these days that we would rather do that sooner ahead of the submission than later. And so, we made a decision to go ahead and pull that software release forward into those validations on the newly released software. So I’m not foundationally upset about where we are with regard to Sp. You get out and you learn. I’d like to take those learnings and put them back in the product and get on with it.
Gary Guthart: Yes, there’s a lot of factors. Again overall, we’re again very pleased with our Q1 procedure results and growth trends, and we do expect 2017 procedure growth to continue to be driven by U.S. general surgery and international procedures. We’re still very early stages of adoption in these categories. And again, we raised our guidance in the quarter from 9 to 12 to 12 to 14, so it’s reflecting our increased confidence overall. But at the end, we feel like our Q1 results were exceptional in the quarter. And going forward, we would expect some moderation in growth in Asia, as Patrick took you through as we await additional da Vinci procedure reimbursement in Japan and sales growth in China. We do expect moderation in the European growth rates due to the timing of the Easter holiday, slight moderation in U.S. mature procedures, which have continued trends, as you mentioned. But dVP and GYN, we’d assume some moderation there. And then just, the overriding uncertainty and policy direction in the United States and what impact that may have.
Gary Guthart: Yes. So it’s a good point, is the – the answer to that is ultimately, yes. But the competition or hardware platform and the basics are shared across all three X, Xi and ultimately Sp. So in addition to giving people lower entry point on advanced technologies, it gives them logical upgrade pathways to advanced technologies.
Gary Guthart: Sure. I think just painting it broad strokes, the opportunity for us in thoracic surgery over time is real. There’s a lot of open surgery in that space. These are complex procedures and delicate surgeries. As we think that sets us up well for da Vinci kind of platform, as we have brought Xi to market with its longer reach, its narrower arms and its set of Xi staplers that has helped. So we’re seeing what would amount to early interest and early growth in that category. In terms of market sizes and rate of penetration, I – I’ll let Patrick speak to that a little bit. We still think we’re early. I would also say that, we’ve got our sales force and commercial team really focused primarily on general surgery. I think we want to support that market very well. But Patrick, take it away.
Gary Guthart: Okay. So two different things there; one is Sp and one is our flexible robotics program. But just going to Sp to start, we have not yet settled on submission timelines for the additional indications on Sp beyond urology. We are imminently initiating the transoral surgery trials, and then we’ll open colorectal trials thereafter, but we have not yet set dates publicly for when we expect those submissions. That said, the software update we’re doing vis-à-vis the urology filing should not disrupt the timeline of those two. With regard to the work that was done in Australia that was on the flexible robotics platform, they are in patient follow-up now. So they’re following patients after their treatment for the prescribed amount of time in their protocol. I’d expect them to be presenting publicly in the fall.
Gary Guthart: Good question. The instruments on X are the same family as the Xi, so there are generation 2 advanced instrument kit. So things like stapling and vessel sealing, or gen 2, they are the same exact instruments, same part numbers as the Xi likewise with the imaging system. So if you’re on account that has multiple systems, you have Xis and Sis then moving to X can standardize your Si base and have one set of instruments and accessories.
Gary Guthart: This is Gary. I don’t think we have a deep insight there. There has been a little bit of speculation that there has been some pull forward. We have seen just in the numbers a little more buoyance kind of broadly across our procedure base not just in the single category, but kind of across each category, which leaves us to believe there’s something environmental going on. I would not say that we have special insight. I think it’s a little bit of speculation we’ll know in the future quarters. I cannot predict what will happen Q2, Q3 with regard to how ACA dynamics will occur.
Gary Guthart: Instrumentation. We have a portfolio of instruments we’re working on nothing to really call out in terms of dates for you. We are making progress on expanding our stapler line to be a full line stapling system, but nothing I call out for you on this call.
Gary Guthart: We think – the way we think about it in terms of servicing our customer is to allow them to have a minimally invasive surgery program that they get the outcomes they want to across a broad population of patients and surgeons. We think that our technologies are outstanding and we’ll continue to be market leading. To the extent that they need to augment a robotic system with other products, there are a plethora of other companies that are happy to sell into surgical suites. And I think as long as those were at an economically attractive price point and the products are well accepted, I think, we’re going to be in good shape.
Gary Guthart: I think in the first part of your question where are we in acceptance? I think that you’re seeing some early exploration and enthusiasm and we’re feeling that enthusiasm as well. But as you well know the surgical population is not of one mind. And I think that we’re going to see pro-conned dates in hernia for sometime, and I would expect that. And I think it will be challenged and debated and discussed variance by patient population, variance by surgical technique, and variance by total economics to treat. That leads to your second question, which is are we ready to make any changes to our thoughts on estimated market size? And I think it’s really too early to try to redraw boundaries there. So the summary for us is so far so good. I think, surgeons are finding real value and pursuing that value. They’re doing what I think they should in terms of assessing it carefully and publishing the results and debating, which patient groups and subgroups make sense, and we’ll support them in that effort.
Gary Guthart: I think on the one hand in a good way a lot of people understand the basic value proposition of robotics are familiar with the kinds of things they can do. So that has led to, I think meaningful conversations that are data driven and effective. I think on the margins right now, the ACA has injected some caution on the part of capital buyers. So on the positive side, I think, robotics the value it can bring is pretty well understood. On the negative side, I think, on the margin at the outside it’s been – ACA uncertainty has been a slight negative.
Gary Guthart: I’ll answer a little simpler question that you asked. I think we have been in close contact with our customers, particularly those outside the United States and have been listening carefully to what kind of procedures they want to do, what the reimbursement environments are in their countries, and what kind of capabilities need to match that procedure set and reimbursement set, and we think X fits that bill. And as a result, I think that it will be well received. I don’t think it’s limited to a single country. I do think that we believe and I think our customers believe the total cost to treat is the right economic measures, that better outcomes followed by economic analysis to look at total cost to treat. And to the extent that your technology offering can match that, so that you get both great outcomes and lower total cost to treat that will drive adoption. How big, how fast X goes? We don’t have a crystal ball. But we have invested in it based on some conversations and research we think was right. I think that is going to hit the mark for them, and we will be delighted to report to you in future quarters how it’s going.
Gary Guthart: You can – if one has an Si then you can upgrade to Xi to an X. If you have no system and you want to get started then you can buy an X to get started.
Gary Guthart: Yes. At the top level, attach rate of table motion has exceeded our initial expectations and kind of our original business plan for that product. I think with regard to the last quarter, I would imagine, I look at Patrick about…
Gary Guthart: Okay. With regard to Fosun, I think, I’d focus the audience on really two things. One is the technical progress of the flexible robotics platform, because we think that’s a major component. And then the other one will be our activities in building that organization, hiring staff. As the organization builds out, then we’ll announce to you kind of where we are. I gave you an update on where we are in the flex robotics program. We are very bullish on the interest in and the value that robotic surgery can bring to China. We have the right partner in Fosun. Over time, that partnership exists today in the form of our distribution relationship with one of their subsidiaries in Chindex, that will grow into the relationship into a full JV. And we will navigate the international waters as need be.
Gary Guthart: So thank you for the question. That was our last one. As we’ve said previously, while we focus on financial metrics, such as revenue, profits and cash flow during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things, which really make a difference. This concludes today’s call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery and look forward to talking to your again in three months.
Patrick Clingan: If you look at the United States market, there’s probably around 100,000 patients who receive surgery a day, split evenly between lobectomies and other types of thoracic procedures for which we think our products can bring value to patients and surgeons. We look outside the United States beside, markets are much, much larger, particularly when you look to Asia and China in particular. So we’re optimistic about the future. But we’re still in very early days and you’re seeing some of the early evidence that’s come out comparing robotics to open and even VATS surgeries with their improving outcomes and evidence holds up over time. We think there’s a runaway for us here.
Patrick Clingan: Hey, Tycho, it’s Patrick. From a USPSTF perspective, in 2012 when the original announcement came out, we saw dVP volumes decline over a couple of year period. However, since then you’ve seen our volumes really return to nearly the level they were in 2011. So I think a lot of that has played through, so we’re pleased to see the statement become more aligned to what the AUA society guidelines are. From a ventral and inguinal hernia perspective, we remain encouraged by the trends we’re seeing. You continue to see growth in our existing surgeon populations doing more and more procedures, new surgeons coming along. And there’s a lot of positive energy coming out of society meetings like the American Hernia Society and the SAGES meeting. So we continue to be pleased by the adoption that we’re seeing.
Patrick Clingan: Yes, sure, Brandon, it’s Patrick. We continue to see most of our outside of the United States procedure growth being driven by urology, mostly prostatectomy and dVP, but also in kidney repairs, mainly through partial nephrectomies to which the system tends to be an enabler for population of patients to access partial nephrectomy for kidney cancers. We also do see encouraging signs in general surgery and gynecology, stronger in Asia and in certain markets in Europe, where we’ve already deeply penetrated urology.
Patrick Clingan: Very solid attach rates with new Xi system sales. We’ve worked largely through the existing population of customers. So we are not seeing as much on a year-over-year basis as we saw when the product launched.
