Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter earnings conference call. With me today we have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Patrick Clingan, Vice President of Finance and Sales Operations. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2016, and 10-Q filed on April 19, 2016. These filings can be found through our website or at the SEC's EDGAR database. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com on the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release and supplementary financial data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, Marshall will provide a review of our second quarter financial results, Patrick will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, then I will provide our updated financial outlook for 2016. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Thank you, Patrick. I will be providing you with our updated financial outlook for 2016. Starting with procedures. On our last call, we estimated full-year 2016 procedure growth of 12% to 14% above the approximately 652,000 procedures performed in 2015. We are increasing our estimate for 2016. We now anticipate full year 2016 procedure growth within a range of 14% to 15%. In regards to certain forward-looking metrics, we have the following expectations. We anticipate fewer lease buyouts and lower upgrade and other system revenue in Q3 and Q4 than we saw in Q2. Second half 2016 system ASPs will likely be lower than Q2 driven by product and channel mix. We expect a directionally higher proportion of our system placements in Q3 and Q4 to come from operating leases than we saw in Q2. Turning to gross profit. On our last call, we forecast 2016 pro forma gross profit margin to be within a range of between 69% and 70% of net revenue. We are now increasing our estimate. We now expect full year 2016 pro forma gross profit to be within a range of between 70% and 71% of net revenue. Turning to operating expenses. Based upon investments we are making in key areas of the business, we expect expense growth will accelerate in the second half of 2016. We continue to forecast pro forma 2016 operating expenses to grow between 12% and 15% above 2015 levels. Consistent with our last call, we expect our noncash stock compensation expense to range between $170 million and $180 million in 2016, compared to $168 million in 2015. We expect other income to total approximately $30 million in 2016, higher than the $20 million to $25 million forecast on our last call, due primarily to higher interest income. With regard to income tax, we continue to expect our 2016 pro forma income tax rate to be between 26.5% and 28.5% of pre-tax income, depending primarily on the mix of U.S. and international profits. That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: And, David, if we're talking about margins, the one thing that was kind of different in the second quarter was on the service side. You saw a pretty marked increase in the service gross profit in the second quarter. And during the quarter we were able to utilize more refurbished scopes for our scope replacement program with customers. We're going to be expanding the program as the base builds out in the second half and it's going to require a much higher proportion of new scopes at higher cost and lower margin to replenish, so that's something that will be a headwind in the second half.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Yeah. I'm not sure we can list out item by item a specific contribution, but we have been focusing obviously on reducing costs for quite some time and managing our fixed costs, and we're really pleased with the progress. We look at where we sit, six months into the year we're at 71% on a year-to-date basis, and that coincides with the upper end of the 70% to 71% guidance range. But Q2 was an exceptionally strong quarter for gross margin. And I think we wanted to leave some specific comments there. Specifically on the product side, we would expect a higher proportion of sales of newer products, as was described in lower proportion of dual console sales, and probably more sales through distributors at lower pricing and lower margins. And I think I already mentioned previously, on the service side, we had some real benefits on the scope exchange in the second quarter, which are unlikely to continue in the second half.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Yeah, I don't think I want to get into specific units on this. We're really pleased with the progress we're making and the strong market response from the customers. I think Marshall mentioned in his script we had $6 million of revenue attributable to Table Motion. It was roughly split 50/50 between new installations and systems in the field. So, again, it was a strong quarter, but I think we'll see how it heads.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Yeah. And we do have roughly around 750 or so da Vinci Xis out in the world at this point in time, and we've made some progress on that. There's still some more out there.
Calvin Darling - Senior Director: Yeah. Hey, Tao. Certainly, we have seen growth in our vessel sealer and stapler adoption each quarter over the past few years and particularly in procedures where there's a high value associated with using those, whether it be in colorectal resections, even in some gynecologic procedures with vessel sealers. There's still a lot of runway left. And in particular, as you think about the wide reloads that are only available on our Xi, and as the Xi installed base becomes larger, opening up more opportunities for those to be used in thoracic procedures, there's going to be plenty of runway ahead as the installed base continues to move towards our newest technology.
Gary S. Guthart: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the call today. In the second quarter our company performance was strong, highlighted by sustained procedure growth across multiple geographies, improved margins and continued customer preference for our new products. Turning first to procedures, global procedure growth for the quarter was nearly 16% with prior quarter trends continuing. Drivers of growth included U.S. general surgery, growth in the use of da Vinci surgical systems outside the United States and modest growth in U.S. urology and gynecology. Inguinal hernia repair and ventral hernia repair growth remains strong, and growth in colorectal surgery was solid. Procedure growth was variable by country in Europe, with accelerating growth in Germany. Both the Nordics and France experienced modest improvement relative to Q1 growth rates. In the U.K., growth decelerated slightly from Q1. In Asia, procedure growth in Japan was solid again in the quarter while growth in Korea was robust and accelerated over Q1 growth rate. Growth in procedures in China was also strong. Patrick will review procedure trends in greater detail later in the call. We placed 130 da Vinci systems in the quarter, up from 118 in Q2 of 2015. Our most capable model, da Vinci Xi, represented roughly three quarters of new capital placements. System placement orders included an increase in dual consoles and the addition of integrated Table Motion, leading to higher feature content on average than Q1. Placements in Europe and Asia increased over Q1, while U.S. placements were up slightly up relative to last quarter. Marshall will take you through our finances in more detail later in the call. Our operations teams have performed well over the past several quarters and remain focused on optimizing our manufacturing design and supply chains. Q2 was another strong quarter of operations efficiency and cost reduction performance. We plan to continue these optimization efforts as they provide significant financial flexibility for us in coming years. Turning to highlights of our second quarter operating results, procedures grew nearly 16% over the second quarter of last year. We shipped 130 da Vinci surgical systems, up from 118 in the second quarter of 2015. Revenue for the quarter was $670 million, up 14% from the prior year. Pro forma gross profit margin was 71.9% compared to 68% in the second quarter of last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to $339 million, up 14%. Total recurring revenue in the quarter was $467 million, representing 70% of total revenue. We generated a pro forma operating profit of $297 million in the quarter, up 30% from the second quarter of last year, and pro forma net income was $220 million, up 28% from Q2 of 2015. Recent launches of Xi products, including Xi intraoperative Table Motion, have been well received, as has expansion of advanced instrument lines, including our stapling products. We are continuing to invest in these line extensions to increase the value and utility of our Xi offering. We have also increased investment in advanced imaging, including significant refinements in our intraoperative 3D endoscopes, image processing for real-time and preoperative images and near infrared fluorescence imaging. Our single port, or Sp, program is progressing to plan. As Sp approaches clinical readiness, we are conducting in-house validations and initiating work with clinical trial sites and regulatory agencies. We expect first markets to include head and neck surgery, urology and colorectal surgery. Over time, I expect this list of applications to evolve. As our business has strengthened, we have increased our mid and long-term investments in research and development. We have been increasing our investments in imaging, analytics and new product architectures based on our belief that a substantial opportunity exists to enable better outcomes and to expand access to our technologies globally. We expect quarter-to-quarter variation in spending and increased fixed expenses in the back half of this year. Calvin will take you through our projected spending later in the call. As we move forward in 2016, we remain focused on the following. First, expanding the use of da Vinci in general surgery and thoracic surgery, particularly colorectal surgery and hernia repair. Second, advancing our ecosystem, including expanding our Xi line and taking our Sp product into initial clinical use. Third, driving our organizational capabilities in markets in Europe and Asia. And finally, assisting our customers in their efforts to maximize the comprehensive value of their programs. I'll now turn the call over to Marshall who will review financial highlights.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. As we've said before, I think the messaging here has been pretty consistent. Some of the investments are in technology, things like Sp starting to move into field-based investment and scale rather than just the upfront D. So you're seeing some growth in that. We have some other technology investments that are a little broader. We've talked about imaging, and that's kind of a multistep process. Some of it is on the acquisition side, new kinds of endoscopes, some of it's on the software side, and some of it is in the ability to enhance our florescence imaging portfolio. Some of those things will become commercial in future quarters. Some of them are a little longer, multiyear types of investments. With regard to investments outside of R&D, you know we've been growing our investments in regions around the world where we think there's real opportunity from Japan to Germany and France and others. That'll continue. I think that be some of those investments are doing well for us. We have opportunity to perform better than we have thus far. And so the right kinds of investments there are sometimes in clinical data and clinical trials, sometimes in other market development efforts, sometimes in our resources and head count. And, again, those things can be effective from a couple of quarters out to multiyears out, depending on what the activity is.
Gary S. Guthart: I think that you can see early success sooner than years, but I think broad adoption in many of these places is a multiyear process. It starts with leading surgeons and key opinion leaders and surgical society endorsement and goes from there. In some cases, we need interactions with payers and reimbursement. So I don't think have you to wait years to see the early indicators but full penetration is often more than a year process.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah, so I think in the beginning it's really starting in the markets we're already participating in, so transoral more than, for example, thyroidectomy. I think this is more around surgery in the throat. And for sure there's cancer indications for that. There may be benign indications. Part of what we're talking to regulatory bodies about are clinical requirements for them to make some of those assessments and varies from what happens in Europe to what happens in the U.S. to what happens in Asia. So that will play out in time. But think of head and neck starting point as TORS. It may have other applications in neck surgery over time. I think that Sp is a pretty powerful platform, and where we start and where it evolves to will differ as surgeons get a chance to experience it for themselves.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. So, first step here is clearances and some clinical data to support that clearance. 2017 will be really focused on data generation. While I expect some revenue, I don't think it will be a material revenue contributor in 2017. A lot of that will be building the foundation, the evidence foundation, some of the clinical work, and then I think 2018, it starts to become more of a material contributor for us. And as we get our clearances and start to solidify that timeline, we'll color that (30:45) up more for you.
Gary S. Guthart: No, nothing new to note. I think that tender offers in competitive interaction is the new normal. I think our teams are doing great. I think their performance has been effective. I think we're communicating well. We have a broad portfolio that allows us to engage the customer at different levels depending on what their needs are. So nothing new to report.
Gary S. Guthart: I think analytics has multiple components in it. As you may know, the majority of our systems are real-time connected to the Internet today. I think over 90% of systems are online. They report back information to us mostly around the system performance itself, what it is itself is doing, rather than, say, patient information. That data can be turned into insights for the company and for our customers and we have been doing that for some time now. So there's that type of analytics. Going forward, I think that as our computational structures get more powerful, we can bring some of that intelligence more real-time. So rather than offline insights, you can start generating real-time insights. That's a multi-year pathway. I think it's interesting and challenging. I think there's long-term potential in it. But we're moving down that pathway, making sure that we have good access and fast access and low latency access to our devices in the field, and then bringing to bear information that can help surgeons as they're performing the procedure. And you'll see from us in future years a series of products that come out using that set of kind of digital pipeline. Turning to imaging, there are a couple of different things. We are releasing endoscopes at a fairly regular clip and improving that set of technologies. We made a technology change in the type of imaging we use when we switched to Xi that has allowed for faster iteration for us in the kinds of imaging we do. So there's that kind of thing that's going on at kind of a regular heartbeat. Our customers are pretty well aware of where those things are. There are other things that we've talked about, other indications for fluorescence. We're more likely to talk to you about what's happening clinically there than to announce a launch, so you'll have some warning prior to launch.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah, I don't think we've put a stake in the ground and I don't think that I'm prepared to do that right now.
Gary S. Guthart: Well, let's speak to cash and then we'll go to the organic side. We look at the cash and think we're at an interesting point in the company's evolution here. On the one hand, I think that customer acceptance of our products has been really high. We're seeing, I think, great momentum on the clinical side in terms of clinical acceptance. We have a couple of things going on. We have some new platforms we want to bring to the market that, I think, are outstanding, are very well done and well-conceived. That will take some investment for us to do. The other thing is that we see proliferation of folks who want to enter the market with competitive offerings. And that's both an opportunity for us and a requirement for some diligence. And the opportunity is some of those technologies are interesting and may be interesting to us. Other ones are things where we may want to speed up or adjust our strategy as the market evolves. As we think about the cash broadly, our first thought is can we use the cash productively to drive future growth organically? Our second thought is are there M&A opportunities that for the long term are good for the company? The answer to both of those are there opportunities? The third are, are there other ways we can deploy capital with a long-term view for the benefit of shareholders? And that might be in buybacks or dividends or other things. So we're disciplined about thinking about capital allocation. I think this is a special time in the company's history and we're walking through how we think about cash with a fair amount of discipline and diligence. You had asked a question on product releases. Why don't you ask it again just to make sure I hit it.
Gary S. Guthart: A broad comment. There are some imaging things that are kind of nearer product things that look a lot like what we have today and there are some long-term imaging investments. And so the submission pipeline and our regulatory interactions are a pretty full pipeline.
Gary S. Guthart: Yep. It's a good question. There's a couple of things that I think drive some of the variability that you see in surgery. So it's really interesting. If you ask the question and there's some research out there – surgery, in general, not just Intuitive, how much better in terms of outcomes and lower complications is the top 10th percentile surgeon versus the average surgery surgeon? And the spread is quite big as you look at that. There's a lot of variability in surgical performance. And so you ask the question, what drives that variability? Why? And some of it, not all of it, but some of it is that what you're looking for in visual images is subtle. Where are nerves? Where are cancer boundaries? Where are ureters? What's the right tissue to section plane? Those things are subtle and take a long time for people to internalize, and the best do it better. And so what we're trying to do here is find technologies that make it easier for other surgeons to be as good as the best. And we think that matters. Imaging will play a large role in it. So going forward a decade, what you'd really like to be able to do is mark tissues of interest in real time. Paint for the surgeon what the elements and boundaries are that allow for a good dissection or the proper resection or the best margin performance. And that's what's really directing our investments.
Gary S. Guthart: Might describe the differences between military hospitals and non-military hospitals and vis-à-vis quotas.
Gary S. Guthart: The history of selling back into the installed base rather than new installs is that you have a few quarters of strong performance and then it tends to tail off. Folks who are going to be interested in it tend to move forward quickly. And then mostly it will be a go forward, so you can look at the history to sort of give you a guide as to how much that is.
Gary S. Guthart: Sure. I think the first thing of some of the messaging coming out around opportunities on price, on per procedure price, I think there's a big challenge for new entrants there, which is what benefit do you bring at which price point? So I think you're going to have to show benefit over laparoscopy, what can be done that lap can't do? And that's going to require some innovation and some technology, and that technology is going to have to be paid for. So I think over time, folks are going to have to come out and show what it is that they plan to do to make that happen. As we look at it, I do think there are opportunities for Intuitive to manage different price pints. We have already in terms of our capital line, and it's also true in our instrument line and we can continue to do that. So I think customers will have choice, and the choice will be at what price point do they want to enter and what benefit and value do they find at that price point. Intuitive will offer multiple price points. We will give them that opportunity. We have already and we will continue to. And what value they find at what price point will be their decision. And there's so far been really just one or two companies who have been out there having those conversations and driving it. I think we understand it reasonably well.
Gary S. Guthart: I think it's more than one thing for me. One is we're seeing health systems, integrated delivery networks, optimizing the placement of their products and optimizing the flow of patients and surgeons around that product. And so that's kind of an operational efficiency at the hospital level or health system level that has been driving it, and I think it's great. It's been great for our customers and we support it. I think that the second thing is that some of the new procedure categories we're coming into allow for higher volume of procedures and sign up single sites, so more repeatable, shorter durations give you higher utilization, just kind of the nature of the mix of product that's coming in. And lastly, I think in some of the markets we're seeing referral consolidations. So low-volume surgeons are referring to higher-volume surgeons, essentially passing patients to those who do more, and that also drives up utilization. So there are kind of multiple factors there that have supported the growth. I don't know that it goes on forever. I don't think there's infinite growth in utilization possible, but so far, so good.
Gary S. Guthart: Yeah. I think that early experience has been that it's well received, particularly by multi-quadrant general surgeons, which is really where Xi was positioned and one of the big motivations for Table Motion. As frequently happens in this space, something that's a fundamental capability that's good in one place tends to have application in others, and I suspect we'll see that. And as we get more data on it, we're happy to share it with you.
Gary S. Guthart: That was our last question. As we said previously, while we focus on financial metrics such as revenues, profits and cash flows during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing value by enabling surgeons to improve surgical outcomes and reduce surgical trauma. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. This concludes today's call. I thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery. And we look forward to talking with you again in three months. Thank you.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Yeah. So, we have a number of different initiatives ongoing as it relates to sponsoring evidence development in hernia repair. The two presentation and publication that I mentioned on the call from the AHSQC is among the investments we've made in helping support surgeons bring forward the outcomes that they're getting with da Vinci compared to the alternatives.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Hey, Brandon. It's tough to know where exactly you are with the patient population that may have deferred treatment. What we saw in the quarter was just a slight slowing of growth from what we saw in the first quarter and the second half of 2015, or frankly all throughout 2015. How much of that is associated with having worked through any potential bolus that may be out there is difficult to predict, though, I think as you've heard us say a few times in the past, over time we do expect that prostatectomy volumes are likely to return towards the rate of diagnoses, and our recent history and the recent growth rates we've seen in 2015 or the first half of 2016, we believe, exceed that growth rate.
Patrick Clingan - Finance Director: Hey, Rick. Yeah, you mentioned the growth rate comparisons get a little harder in the second half of the year. The mature procedure contributions that we saw in the first half of the year we don't think will be as strong in the second half of the year. We continue to expect and we'll continue to drive growth in U.S. general surgery and in our overseas markets in urology and early stage of urgent procedures.
Marshall L. Mohr: Sure. So philosophically, first of all, we provide our customers leases to provide some flexibility in how they get into robotics, and it's proven out to be – to work out pretty well for both them and us. This last quarter, we just saw a fewer number than the previous quarter. The previous quarter, if you recall, was 19 (35:40). We would expect it to be more like Q1 than it was Q2, so that's the increase that Calvin was referring to. As far as ASPs go, seasonally, systems revenue is stronger in Q4. Systems drive a slightly lower gross margin than do instruments and accessories, so that mix alone will cause margins to go down. We also would expect a little bit better performance, again, due to seasonal factors in the non-U.S. markets, or the outside of the U.S., and so that mix also will drive revenues down a little. And then we expect to continue to see growth in stapling and vessel sealing in our newer technology products and those also drive slightly lower margins. So a lot of the mix will cause margins to go down in the next couple of quarters.
Marshall L. Mohr: For the most part, the seasonal things are. I think the new thing is as we drive the new product revenue, that's increases over previous quarters.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah, I think we've given you the guidance for the remainder of the year. We think that that's the best crystal ball that we have at this point. There are a lot of moving parts and it's hard to predict exactly where each one will come out. And so I'll leave it at that. I don't want to get into where we think it will go long term. Long term, those same moving parts will cause us to not have high confidence in exactly where they'll come out, although know that we'll manage things very diligently. As you know, last year we put in some programs to reduce the costs of Xi and Xi related product, and those have been successful, and that's part of what we're seeing here in the year to year improvement.
Marshall L. Mohr: So as it relates to my comments on customer buying patterns, we're able to measure or look at what happens with instrument accessory usage. And from that, what we've determined is that the usage really hasn't changed a lot surgery by surgery. And so when we see fluctuations and what they're buying versus what they're using, there are times when they use more than they buy and times when they buy more than they use. And it just happens that – and it's going to fluctuate quarter to quarter, and that was my comment on the short term. And so what we saw this quarter was they used more than they purchased. And so I don't have a great explanation for it beyond that. That's just what we see. On the other hand, we have do have distributors that buy in bulk because they're holding inventory to sell to their end customers, and we do see fluctuations in those numbers as well. So the combination of the two, direct hospitals that we sell to as well as distributors, we can actually measure or identify what is customer buying pattern. I don't think – we don't see anything there that alarms us in one way or another.
Marshall L. Mohr: China, China we sold four systems this quarter. Those systems were sold to military hospitals. The quota that we were selling to and couple of past years expired at the end of December. And we're awaiting for the government to approve a new quota. We don't have great information as to when that will occur.
Marshall L. Mohr: Yeah. The quota system that we had was for public hospitals, and there is a process by which we're classified as high technology and there's a quota established by the government. It's in conjunction with their normal budget process. Their normal budget process this year has been delayed, so that's why we're not sure exactly when they'll approve that and then when we'll get a quota for it. Military hospitals buy independent of those public hospitals, and we've been selling to military hospitals all along, frankly, and have a number of placements at them.
