Ed Pitoniak: Yes, Smedes, it's a good question. With the guidance – consensus is to mixed bag of results that are out there, some analysts say that’s additional acquisitions that are outside of Greektown in our numbers, so I think when you factor in Greektown and the additional AFFO, we will achieve by the annual rent of $55.6 million and then again, we will fund that on a leverage-neutral basis from an assumption on $350 million of debt. I think the – in an apples-to-apples comparison from our guidance of $1.47 to $1.50, adding in the Greektown transaction at some point in mid-year, I think you get to that run rate, that we expect to achieve then, if you take out the [noise to the other] analysts, I think that's an apples-to-apples comparison.
Ed Pitoniak: Well, again, as David emphasized, in a change of control, our right to continue to call the call properties, continues.
Ed Pitoniak: Mike, this is Ed. And again, good to talk to you. I think the fact that we were able to execute on a $1.1 billion transaction within really what amounted to six weeks or seven weeks after our emergence, speaks to the fact that when there are opportunities of magnitude, we will do all we can to see those opportunities in a way that delivers our owners, the kind of risk adjusted returns they deserve and I think we've proven our access to capital both on the equity side and the debt side. So, again, we are willing to go after big opportunities, but we will always be highly disciplined in the way we do so, and if I can just go back for a moment to your question about Greektown and us funding it leverage neutral, that is very much our plan right now. But, if I could just take a moment to kind of talk about guiding principles in terms of how we approach risk management at VICI, when we raised the money that we did in November, we were obviously raising equity in excess of what we needed for Greektown. But the feedback we got from our long-term shareholders in November, is that they believed in our guiding principle that we should always achieve funding certainty. If we can do so in a way that's accretive for the shareholder, and needless to say when December unfolded the way it did, we were very glad that we had the funding certainty for Greektown that we did, because we all painfully remember. December felt like a microcosm of the financial crisis, thank goodness, it was only a fire drill, not a fire that burned out of control for the month’s quarters and years at a time, but we went to bed every night knowing that we could fully paper Greektown, no matter what continue to unfold. So, again, yes, we plan on Greektown being leveraged neutral, but the approach we will always take, is an approach where we are willing to sacrifice a certain amount of temporary, emphasis on temporary dilution in order to achieve long-term funding certainty, in order to generate long-term accretion for our owners.
Ed Pitoniak: Very much so, Carlo and our Board, Chairman used a phrase in conversation a couple weeks ago, I never heard maybe you all have heard it before, but the phrase he used is that executions occur at the crossroads of strategy and opportunity. Our strategy is obviously, continue to grow the portfolio accretively for our owners. Our strategy emphasizes continuing to build and diversify our portfolio and our tenant base, and we obviously love doing the kind of deals we've done in the last few months with Penn. So, we will have that money available to do deals that come at that crossroads of strategy and opportunity out in the open market. If they were not to materialize, and again, we have a – we go into the year with a lot of confidence as John just said that we’re going to be able to find deals out there that we can do accretively for our owners. We always do have the backup of the call property. If we found ourselves in a situation where opportunities didn't materialize at the pace that one might wish, and thus, we are able to deploy the capital as you can well understand very accretively on a call property.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, And I think I would just add Dan, as an element of color around that. You know, procedures for Penn for anybody else, we're able to do business within the future. We always want to be the answer to the question. How do I fund my opportunities, right? We want VICI to be a great answer to that question of how do I fund platform growth? How do I fund development? How do I fund deleveraging? How do I fund the opportunities that are in front of me? And we want to be a permanent capital provider to great operators and we have great confidence in our relationship with Caesars that we can continue to be that solution provider, as well as being a solution provider to other great operators out there.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, no, that – you nailed it, John. I would just add, Stephen, I think in terms of how we think about our growth on a base case basis, it would be that kind of metronomic year-by-year take down, that would be our base case game plan. Just to go back to that execution being at the crossroads of strategy and opportunity, there could be situations that either could accelerate that or call – upon attending call for taking down two at once, but we would we see those as a key means by which we delivered the kind of metronomic year-by-year growth in AFFO per share that certainly real estate investors, institutional investors expect and get delivered from the blue chip names in the triple-net sector and elsewhere across our universe.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, John. Good to talk to you. We certainly are busy with gaming M&A right now and we obviously like the real estate investment economics of what we're looking at in gaming. But, from day one, we have positioned ourselves as an experiential REIT and we look ahead at the next 10-20 years with a high conviction that this should be a great 20-year period, the leisure, entertainment, recreation, hospitality and wellness. As you look at both the generational age-wise, the Baby Boomers and Millennials going into periods where there will be especially for Baby Boomers increased leisure time. And so, we have from day one, been determined to make sure we are learning at a pace that enables us to be in a position, whether it's many years from now or a few years from now, to be able to make compelling investments in non-gaming opportunities that meet our investment criteria. And frankly, our investment criteria will largely be framed by what we love about our investment in gaming real estate, which really starts with what we call experiential complexity. The thing we love about so many of our gaming assets is the operator offers a rich experience, a rich multi-dimensional experience that greatly intensifies their relationship with the end user and thus protects them and us from disruption and obsolescence. So, we will look for that same experience of complexity. We'll look for operators who have that really strong enduring relationship with the end user. And we'll look for the kind of demographic, psychographic cultural and regional tailwinds, that ensures that asset. We'll have the kind of cash flows over a multi-decade period that our owners deserve. But again, that is not imminent at this time. But the learning has to be taken place if we're going to make good decisions in the years to come.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, operator. Thanks again all of you for your time today. At VICI, we are privileged to be invested in experiential real estate, that is all about the shared experience. All about the desire of our guests to gather together in one place at one-time to share memorable and sometimes momentous experiences. And here's what's great about shared place-based experiences. They're something that e-commerce has not figured out or to put in a box and ship your house. And real estate investors recognition of this dynamic is still in its very early stages. We look forward to providing an update on our continued progress in the spring, when we report our first quarter results. Thank you all.
David Kieske: Yes, Smedes, I'll start and then John and Ed can chime in. Look, the leases in the call right that we have, the call properties, the three call properties that had alluded to our obligations of the entity and transfer with the entity, so obviously we only read what’s in the press, but we're confident in Caesars and them as operators and the obligations of that we have with – the right that we have with Caesars would continue in the event of any potential transaction.
David Kieske: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Good to talk to you, looking forward to seeing you in a few weeks. Look, in terms of swap, it's a two-year swap on $500 million of the term loan. We were opportunistic and took advantage of very low point in the market that fix a portion of our debt for the next two years.  Obviously with the second liens and the term loan and then ultimately the CMBS, as we've discussed our strategy that ultimately migrate to an unsecured borrower and so there will be a sequencing of steps that will have to occur to put that in place over time, and I think the first will be the second lien potentially next year, and then with a two-year swap that would potentially give us a portion of the term loan that we could address in 2021. So, just kind of working down the capital stack over time as the objective here and obviously being very disciplined and how we access the markets and where we – when we do that throughout the sequencing of our company.
David Kieske: That's right. I mean we've modeled that and underwritten that internally at a leverage neutral basis, look we upsized the offering just given how strong the pipeline was where we were in the market and we feel really good about having the excess liquidity on balance sheet today.
David Kieske: Yes. Look, John, I think we point MGP at a very successful offering and we recommend them on – reopening the markets after the December malaise. There were five and three quarters, we've gotten indications in and around that area. So, we feel good about where the margins are, and they seem to be functioning after the shutdown essentially in December.
John Payne: I'll take that one, Barry. No, we continue to be quite busy. Someone mentioned me another REIT mentioned that it slowed down a little bit, but we're feeling quite good, continue to be busy on the road, talking about potential deals as busy as we were in the latter part of 2018.
John Payne: Yes, John. I'd only add that it also depends on – we've been clear on this. We talked to public companies and large public companies and small, but there is – in this space, there's quite a bit of private companies that were out to. So, it really just depends, there isn't just a formula of how to do a deal, but we're out there talking to everyone. I think Ed described it incredibly well, but how we think about it.
John Payne: No, not at all. I think that we continue to like our diversification where we've got exposure on Las Vegas strip, we have exposure in regional markets, we have exposure in what we call urban regional markets. Clearly, there are some opportunities in markets that we'd like to have greater exposure in and there are some markets that we simply don't have real estate in, Las Vegas locals’ market being an example that we really like that market. So, there's not a mismatch between what is potentially for sale and where we'd like to expand. All I would say is, we will continue to remain diversified across our portfolio as we continue to grow it.
John Payne: No, I think we've come at this as you know, since we've been – we were born a true independent REIT and we've come at any bid process that it's going to be a competitive process and we want to ensure that we get a fair deal for both the seller and for us, but we have not seen based on what you said, an increase in the amount of competition for assets that are potentially for sale because we've always come out at that there was competition.
John Payne: No, I think sellers are realistic about what they can get and you get into negotiations and talks with them, and ensure that you're going to get a fair deal both ways, that it works for our company or for any REIT and it works for the seller and it works for the operator that you're partnering with. So, I've not seen unrealistic expectations a year ago, and I'm not seeing unrealistic expectations today.
John Payne: No, I think you described it well. I think if an opportunity came our way, we would continue to study is that the right place to be? Or are those the right assets and is that the right operator to be with us? We make a move to international, but I think Ed described it very well.
