Edward Pitoniak: Yes. It’s a great question, Mike, and good morning. We always wants to grow in a sustainable way over time, and as we deliver total return to our shareholders made up of dividend, same-store growth and accretive acquisition growth. We believe we can be very successful knocking out singles and doubles. If those are accretive, if they're going to give us really good risk adjusted return. And the thing we probably emphasize and maybe goes without saying, especially it’s a triple-net REIT. Our deals need to be accretive going in. This is not like I should say, the sector I used to be in the hotel sector where you could underwrite a dilutive going in yield that asset managed or property managed or revenue or yield managed your way to accretion – an accretive running yield over time. So we’re going to be careful. We’re going to be discipline. We’re going to be diligent. Where there are straight singles and doubles to be achieved, we’re going to achieve those and we see opportunities in greater magnitude. As long as accretive, as long as risk adjusted return over time is good and we will certainly focus on those as well.
Edward Pitoniak: I would say Mike, we would hope, it obviously would not be in year-end, and yes, we're going to take the time to do the best deals we can for our investors. Again, given the fact that they need to be accretive going in. And when you look across the marketplace, there is really two types of deals that are happening and will happen in the future. One is deals in which the owner of the asset, both the owner and the operator of the asset is looking to exit, right, and those maybe marketed or non-marketed processes as it maybe. The chances are they will look for the highest price. The other category is the category of sale leaseback, where the owner operator will stay in as the operator on a sale leaseback basis. And those relationships that take time to develop, those are relationships that we think can and should form the core of our strategy going forward. And so we're going to obviously look at both, and we're looking at both at this time, and again working very hard to execute deals that will provide very good outcomes with that cash available to us.
Edward Pitoniak: And as long as we have opportunities that are not going to be available over the next five years, we are obviously going to prioritize those opportunities to deploy both our management time and our capital.
Edward Pitoniak: No, I mean we think – what we think is happening is that the overall gaming REIT model is being validated by virtue of these deals. We congratulate our colleagues in the sector for getting these deals done. We know that at least one of those deals to the long time suggesting and it’s not surprising that it did with the big complex deal. We really do – again point of the fact that that’s finally over, I would say the last six to nine months, a growing recognition of the role that gaming REIT can play in helping to either finance exits or more over finance growth. And I think what exciting to us is that we are in a period now, we're among other things you're seeing the emergence and what we call super regional, who are focused on growing their portfolios, their operating portfolios, growing their footprints across the U.S., and we believe gaming REITs generally and we would hope VICI specifically can be a provider of long-term growth capital to them as they pursue their growth ambition.
Edward Pitoniak: I think that markets that have good fundamentals are going to be interesting to us wherever they are. I do think for the time being though, we're excited about the magnitude of opportunities that exit for us within the existing gaming states if you will. And again, we have to make sure the deals we do are accretive going in. The triple net model in and off itself requires that and so far as we can under come that accretion will come in the future. These are going to come at the beginning or frankly – probably wouldn’t come at all. So we will evaluate market carefully. We will then evaluate the assets in the market, and make sure they are good assets that have good fundamental real estate investment characteristics, the exact location and quality of the buildings, envelop the quality of the building systems, and quality of the operator and its competitiveness and its market share. So again, we believe we got a good pipeline of opportunity in the well established gaming state and that’s where we believe we’ll get a highest return on management time for the time being.
Edward Pitoniak: Thank you, Michelle. In closing, we at VICI are excited at the rapid progress and continue to make in executing our strategy and we have no plans of slowing down. Our growth pipeline continues to be robust and we believe we are well positioned to grow our portfolio and drive superior shareholder value. Thanks again for your time today. We look forward to providing an update on our continued progress when we report our second quarter results. Again, thank you and good bye.
