John Payne: Thanks, Ed, and good morning to everyone. 2020 was another busy year for VICI as our hard work continues to pay off. In 2020, our team completed nearly $4.6 billion of transaction activity, growing our annualized revenue by approximately $360 million, or 37%. Throughout the year, we worked closely with each of our tenants as the pandemic unfolded to provide short-term solutions on and as needed basis. As Ed stated, our cash rent collection track record of 100% to-date is a testament to the quality and strength of our business model and our collaborative approach with our tenants. As you are undoubtedly aware, the recovery of the gaming industry has demonstrated that despite the many challenges over the past year, the consumer has not found a replacement with a bricks and mortar casino experience. Our portfolio of industry leading assets and regional markets continues to demonstrate margin expansion, and in some cases profitability above 2019 levels. While our Las Vegas properties, led by Tom Reeg, Bret Yunker, Anthony Corrado and the entire team at Caesars Entertainment continue to outperform peers on the strip. As we start 2021, we have the experience and credibility to explore opportunities both within and beyond gaming. And we're very encouraged by the volume and quality of potential transactions we see ahead. It is important to remember that for VICI, underwriting and investing in different sectors is not and either or. We continue to develop relations with gaming operators. We look for ways to support existing tenants’ growth, and we continue to spend time studying and meeting with operators in sectors beyond gaming, in order to be prepared to transact when the right opportunities come together. Our gaming investments will likely continue to dwarf our non-gaming investments, due to the sheer financial magnitude generated by gaming assets. However, we believe that growing our portfolio accretively through sector and geographic diversification, while maintaining prudent risk levels will yield the superior returns our shareholders deserve. We believe VICI is in great position to continue our industry leading growth. And we'll abide by the same principles that have driven our success to-date. We work hard with integrity to be the real estate partner of choice. We do fair deals, and we collaborate with our partners to create value for all parties. Now I'll turn the call over to David, who will discuss our financial results and our guidance.
John Payne: Rich, I'm not sure that that's the exact way I think about it. I think that ROFR just has an opportunity,, obviously as the operators need to decide at some point, if they ever want to monetize their real estate. We sure would like to have own real estate in a new market, which we think is going to do great well. We're very excited about the new tenant that we're going to have in Southern Indiana. I’ve known that The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians for almost 20 years now from my old job when I worked at Caesars, and we're excited to help them expand their portfolio for the first time outside of tribal land. So, again, we - as you've seen with other deals, Rich, when we negotiate, and we do try to add to our embedded growth pipeline. And that's how this came about. In Danville, we'll just have to see if the operator ultimately wants to sell real estate.
John Payne: Yes. Rich, I'll go out this first and my colleagues can jump in. First, it starts with the relationship of understanding who your partner is. And as I just mentioned, I've been fortunate to have a relationship with the tribe and watch them grow their incredible business in North Carolina to record levels, as well as the regional business, Rich, as you know, has rebounded tremendously when there weren't many restrictions on the business. So the pandemic started in March and April, the casino shut down. But as they reopened in places like Southern Indiana, we've seen them open with the consumer returning to the business, as well as a margin or an operating model that's much more efficient than ever before. And I give great credit to our operators to do that. And so, as we went into this deal, we put all of those together, we talked to the tenant, we understand how they're going to operate business, and we develop the plan from there. But critical part is understanding how this business is going to rebound as the consumer comes back to it. We're very - again, I'll repeat, we're very excited to have them as our sixth tenant and running the Southern Indiana property.
John Payne: Yes. Absolutely. Good morning, Stephen. Look, there aren't any markets that we look at that we wouldn't study right now. We'd like the fact that we have a balanced portfolio. We've said that since we started the company, and I think we'll continue to have a balanced portfolio. We'd like to own assets in these regional markets, and we've talked about how resilient they've been and we've talked about how they change with operating model. But we're also big believers in Las Vegas ever since we started this company, not only assets on the strip, but also in downtown and local. So Stephen, we'll continue to turn over every rock and look at opportunities and all of the gaming market. That doesn't mean that we'll invest in every market, but we are sure we will take the time to meet with operators and talk about how they're thinking about how we can help them grow. And I'll turn it over to David to take the second part.
John Payne: Yes. So, you talked about something we're very proud of that we've worked on three years is building this embedded pipeline, with the deals that we've announced, and though we will continue to talk to our partner in Caesars about what they are seeing ahead, and what they are feeling about the Las Vegas market. And do they still see LA as they did when the Eldorado team took over Caesars but they may have one or two incremental assets that they don’t feel like they need in their portfolio, and they would end up going through a sales process. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we're big believers in Las Vegas. We think that's the market that is going to rebound in all segments. And so they want to move forward with the sale. We're obviously very interested in owning more real estate of those assets that we have ROFRs. You also mentioned the put call of the two great Indiana assets in Indianapolis that come due, you're right on point, next year. And again, we'll continue to have talks with our partner about that. So two tremendous opportunities for us that we really worked on to develop over the years, with our embedded -- creating our embedded pipeline. As it pertains to timing, we'll just have to continue to have discussions with our partners on that.
John Payne: Barry, I will have to continue to study that, but not specifically at this time. But we'll have to continue to understand would there be an opportunity.
John Payne: Yes, it's a great question. It's exciting to see the tribes move into commercial gaming, because they've done so well in their original casinos. And so you're asking, will there be other tribes that will look at commercial gaming opportunity? I think there will be. And I think we do have relationships with numerous tribes, just based on my experience path, about 20 years’ experience working at Caesars and working the Native American tribal developments. So, we'll continue to, to meet with them, understand what they like to diversify outside their nation. And if they do, look for opportunities where we can work together. And I hope that trend continues, because I think it's quite exciting for the nations that are doing this audits that we've got a relationship with the Seminoles in the Eastern Band of Cherokees.
John Payne: Yes, it's a great question. There's no doubt that the resiliency of the gaming operators during the pandemic has caught people's eyes. When a lot of industries are -- some are still talking about cash or burns, and regional gaming companies are talking about record EBITDA, it's going to catch the attention of many people that invest in the hospitality or experiential space. So, your question is, will others come into the space, there's no doubt that others are looking at it, because of how well these assets have performed and the magnitude of cash flows. But as you know, the operating business is quite complex, and it had some licensing requirements. But I do think over time, you'll see more groups getting into the business because it's not only the bricks and mortar, but to the Ed's comments at the beginning how exciting the growth path is, when you tie in sports betting and potentially I-gaming.
John Payne: Well, I'll start Carlo. I can't remember before the pandemic, what went on. I seem to have forgotten all of that. But no, look, I tried to have a constant dialogue, not only with our current tenants, but with all the operators in the gaming space. And I think as we think about underwriting, maybe we've talked more about rent coverage just due to what happened in the pandemic. But I think, Ed touched on this as well, it's just been exciting to watch the operators change their business model, or refine their business model so that when they come out of this pandemic, and I do believe we're going to come out of it, that they're operating these businesses just so much more efficiently than guys like I did 15-years ago. And that's exciting Carlo, and those are the type of conversations that we're having. As it pertains to transactions, I mean, we just continued to try to understand how the OpCos want to grow their business and is there an opportunity for our company to help them do that. And then obviously, there's a few levers of, if we do get into negotiations that you talked about, cap rate and coverage and escalation, all that. None of those have necessarily changed. So that's how I'd answer that question, Carlo. I don't know if Ed wants to add anything or David, but that's how I leave it.
John Payne: If you're asking about when they're the commercial operator Southern Indiana, they'll follow the same rules a commercial operator, whether it's Caesars or Penn, or any of them, the same rules will apply to them because the facility is not on tribal land.
John Payne: They're very similar to the Seminoles in they are Hard Rock brand. I think you've probably followed that they have numerous casinos around the United States that they operate.
John Payne: Yes, that's a development project that is just getting started. So there's information about Caesars and they won the license and their development plan is there, but it's just getting started.
John Payne: No, I think Ed had talked about. Look, I'm spending my time, it's nice to be able to talk to the operators where, they're now focused on how to reopen and how to be safe. And they've done all that. Right now they can begin to talk about how do we grow and where do we want to go and how is the sports betting helping attract new customers and those things. And so it's nice to begin to have the growth conversations again.
John Payne: John, you might have been there. It's a really well done brand new facility in downtown Las Vegas that is centered around really a lot around sports betting and the uniqueness there and the type of customer that likes that type of facility. And so, anyway, it's just a great example of the trends that are going on right now in the first build from scratch casino during this what I'd say, sports betting trend or let's say since it's a really neat place.
John Payne: Yes, John. It is an exciting time. I mean, again, I'm 25 years into this, and I can't think of a time that has so many different levers of growth for this industry. Most calls are talking about sports betting and iGaming. And you just brought up a whole another opportunity that is out there where there's the new development opportunities for operators to expand their network. And it is quite exciting, and whether Texas comes but there's already the states that you mentioned with its Virginia and Nebraska, potentially New York that are three big opportunities. So, it is an exciting time. It's obviously something that we talk to our tenants or future tenants about to see, is there a way to structure that makes sense for VICI and our triple-net model, and we'll just continue to study. John, the normalization of gaming throughout the United States, it's just amazing right now. And it's great to be in the space that we're in, and it's great to see the success of our operators.
John Payne: Well, the process is it -- right now just so we're clear, I mean, we own Southern Indiana right now. I think you know that.
John Payne: David, look, I touched on it earlier on the call that and I probably sound like a broken record in my three years in this job. I mean, we're big believers in Las Vegas, pre-pandemic and post-pandemic. This is city that has multiple layers, levers of revenue. We think that the FIT customer is going to recover. We think the Vice business, they're going to be way ahead of many other U.S. destination cities. We think that plane supply will be added back to this market quicker than most destination markets, maybe faster than any market. And so, we're believers in this market, Dave, and the performance in Las Vegas has been people like to compare first 2019 and 2020. I think that's a little unfair. I like to compare the performance of Las Vegas versus other U.S. destination cities. And when you look at the performance of Las Vegas, in 2020, which is probably going to be one of their worst year ever. We'll compare it to New York, Chicago, Miami, San Francisco, Orlando, I mean, this is the city that's very resilient, and the teams there are working very hard. The other thing, David, I'll say is that we've seen this margin expansion in the regional markets, because revenues have come back close to '19 levels. When Las Vegas fees revenues come back to that type of level, I think you're going to see similar margin expansion at many of these operators, because they've worked very hard to change the operating model. And so we'll have to see that because revenues are going to come back. So anyway, that's just a long way of saying we're believers in the market, the strip and we talked about circa in downtown and how downtown's changing. And then the results out of the local market of, what I've seen from Red Rock results and Voyage [ph] results that you have those business seem strong. So anyway, we like the market and we'll continue to see if there's opportunities for us.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Tony, the way we are approaching non-gaming is that we really want to pioneer into categories where REITs may not necessarily have been heavily trafficking and bidding and buying. We really have no competitive advantage in heavily marketed, heavily bid categories. And so what we're working hard to do, as we did in the case of Chelsea Piers, is identify either categories or subcategories, where we believe there are operators who have uniquely powerful, enduring relationships with their customers, and are producing economics that can support - more than richly support an OpCo/PropCo structure. It obviously takes a bit more time. But we're very excited about what we are learning and who we are meeting and who we're getting to know and the opportunities they represent. And I think, Tony, as we talked about with you around the whole technology tailwind theme, there are also cultural tailwinds out there, and we think there are certain experiential sectors, especially at the higher end we're going to have tremendous cultural and demographic tailwind behind them for the next 10 to 20 years. And that's where we see our opportunity. It's really not in the commodity categories of triple-net.
Ed Pitoniak: It should. If this category behaves the way, certainly so many other categories have Tony, that have undergone an institutionalization process. Yes, the prices should go higher. Our mission, we would work hard at every single day at VICI to make sure our cost of capital improves at a rate equal to or in excess of the velocity of cap rate compression. But it just stands to reason that these assets should attract higher prices as time goes on, as everyone recognizes that they came through really, a totally unforeseen magnitude of crisis. And making to better than just about any consumer discretionary sector out there as a real estate asset class, so yes, you have to think, especially as people truly start calling out from under the rock to COVID, that we should see what -- but frankly, I joined VICI four years ago, which is to take part in the next cap rate compression story in the American commercial real estate.
Ed Pitoniak: It could be. It could be all of the above, Stephen. The fact that they're not heavily bid could mean there are better bargains to be had. But it could also be exactly to your last point that that we can afford to pay and justify paying maybe a somewhat tighter cap rate, because of the nature of the asset, the risk profile of the asset, the barriers to entry, and what is very proven durability of the asset over the long-term. So, I hope this doesn't sound like sort of vague answer, but it will be so situation specific.
Ed Pitoniak: Barry, if I could just add on something that kind of goes back to my opening remarks around VICI's growth in 2020. Someone could rightfully say, yes, okay, well, the markets already priced that growth in. And yet, what I don't think is being fully appreciated or valued in VICI is not only the growth we produced in 2020, and the growth trajectory that we bring in, in 2021. But the growth it is represented by that embedded growth pipeline, and just to get a little old school on you here, which I'm allowed to do because I'm really quite an old guy. I really encourage everybody to look at VICI on that old fashion, old school, price earnings growth ratio basis using our AFFO multiple in place of a PE multiple. And what you'll find especially looking over a multiyear period is that we will likely have in your calculations lowest peg ratios, you will find across the American REIT spectrum and certainly substantially below the peg of the S&P 500 at this current point in time. And again, I encourage a multiyear view because a lot of REITs are going to grow in 2021, because they shrank in 2020. And what you're getting with VICI a multiyear growth profile that goes into the future and just the way described Barry, thanks to the fact that in 2022, even if we couldn't get anything else done, we have got Centaur and the opportunity to call.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I'll start there, Dan. I mean, Gabe and John can talk about the M&A landscape and outlook. But we have always historically I should say, we've kind of silly to use word always when the company is only about three years from its IPO as we are. But from the beginning, we have always tended to over equities the balance sheet in the interest of having firepower when opportunity strikes. And there may be a time -- there may have been a time some near-term dilution taken on, but that was near-term dilution endured for the sake of having a firepower to create long-term accretion to our ability to move very quickly when opportunity presents itself. We certainly do not intend to short change our shareholders, like keeping excess capital on the balance sheet for prolonged periods of time. But we're pretty confident, we're going to be able to put that capital to work.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Dan, I was just going to add, I think one of the emerging dynamics that is powerful and positive is the growing recognition of the value of network effect in American gaming. Harrah's and then Caesars, obviously were the pioneers of true network effect in American gaming, and would still widely be considered to be the leaders through the power of Caesars rewards. But I think increasingly operators are recognizing in part because of sports betting that there is genuine value in creating network effect, and being -- having stores in as many jurisdictions as you can. And that we think is going to be a powerful force, especially once COVID clears away and continuing to drive M&A, and with a lot of the M&A driven not so much by the sellers need to get out as the buyers intense desire to get it. And there are markets in which buyer demand can create incremental supply.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. For our market access, also, and true market access being more valuable onto yourself and more valuable to your partners. Whether it be Barstool or William Hill, FanDuel, DraftKings, whoever your partner may be.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, it's an interesting way to phrase it. I mean, what we've been doing is going and looking or as I described earlier Jay, off market categories where we should typically not gone. So we are much more oriented to going and finding what we most want to invest in as opposed to waiting the market to present opportunities to us, because the market tends to present opportunities to it would be better that are by definition more mainstream and commoditized.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Well, Spenser, good to hear from you. We actually don't have any assets within New York State right now. But I wouldn't say about New York State is what I would say generally, in terms of how we're viewing sports betting, which is really as a key means of market or audience expansion. There will be a lot -- once New York figures out what it wants to do in sports betting, sports betting and the culture around it will enable it to truly widen its audience in a way so many other states and operators are doing. So again, we don't have any highly informed thoughts around New York, but very excited about what this means for gaming nationwide.
Ed Pitoniak: Well, by REIT law or legislation, Spenser, rent variation has to be based on revenue. REITs are not allowed profit participation. So for that reason, we would expect to see all kinds of variable rent mechanisms continue to be revenue based. I think that's the right way to put it, David.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, Amy. In closing, we thank you for your engaging with us this morning. As you can tell, we are very excited about our present situation, our near-term opportunities and our long-term prospects. We've been saying since we started in 2017, the gaming real estate represents the next great institutionalization story in American commercial real estate. Our conviction behind that thesis has only grown stronger, and we believe can be fully realized as we collectively witness the roaring back of the American consumer. Thanks again, everyone. Bye for now.
David Kieske: Yes. Tony, it's something that we've discussed the depth with rating agencies. We met with the agency several times during 2020, both on our regular checkup, but also as the pandemic was unfolding. And for us, it's really around the term loan. The term loan is secured by all, but one of our assets. And so we do not have a typical unencumbered asset pool like most traditional REITs do. So we need to refinance out of that secured term loan into the unsecured debt markets. And as we move into 2021 and into 2022, it’s - we will sequence that refinancing of that term loan potentially into 2023, part and parcel with what may come in the acquisition and the pipeline, what sort of funding we may need for additional acquisitions. So, it’s a - there's a clear path. GLPI has paved it and has proven that it's achievable tenant concentration. In of itself is not a gating factor, but just simply for VICI's cap stack and that term loan again securing all of our assets is - secured by all of our assets is the gaining item.
David Kieske: Yes. Stephen, correct me if I'm wrong, I mix with pricing and kind of always think about capitalization. The pricing is maintained. The regional markets have come back. There is the level set, obviously not a lot of transactions, but the pricing in the regional markets is that or near where it was pre-COVID. TBD and Las Vegas, given a little bit slower ramp there. But as we think about our capital and our leverage, we're very focused on maintaining our leverage between that 5 and 5.5 times that we've talked about, that's back to Tony's question, something that's important for the agencies. And then a deal has to be accretive, where we talked with you all a lot about what we buy day one is what we live with for 35 years. So we have to ensure that we have the capital and underwriting is done on an on accretive basis to continue to grow our AFFO.
David Kieske: Yes. Dan, good to talk to you. Look, as we've talked about with Chelsea Piers, it's opened the doors open their eyes open increase the dialogue around non-gaming in a descriptive way in the beginning, right non-commodity, high quality real estate. And with any deal, we can't talk about specific timing and whatnot. But we would continue to meet with, discuss with and have conversations with great operators that have great real estate that might fit in our portfolio. So, can't say exactly when the next deal will come. But we're optimistic that there will be some more non-gaming this year. But again, it's just to reiterate what John said, it's not an either or. We're very active on the acquisition front and as we've started the conversation working to deploy that capital that we have on our balance sheet.
David Kieske: Yes. John it's a question that we -- the similar questions that we got a lot when we merged right, as people recall it. We had the three call properties that we could call it a tent gap, which ultimately folded into the other auto transaction that we announced in June of '19. But John touched on it. We've worked hard to build this embedded growth pipeline. So it's a combination of ensuring that we have consistent annual growth. It's working with Tom and Bret and Anthony and their team and what makes sense for their capital needs and their ultimate sale of those assets. And then you're right, the performance of the assets will be kind of a third factor and a third lever, but those call perhaps for that put call runs from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. So, at some point between that period of time, we're going to be thrilled down those that have a great cap rate which should be highly accretive. But there's a myriad of factors that go into it. And we're excited to have that embedded growth.
David Kieske: Yes. No, John, it's a good question. And one of the things we did get with the Eldorado transaction is that those would fold into the master lease. If you recall, we had a ROFR on those originally, and we converted that to a foot call. And those will fold into the master lease. So they will benefit from the corporate guarantee. And the asset level coverage is something that we will take into consideration, but knowing that they fold into the benefit of the master leases gives VICI embedded enhanced protection. And ultimately, part of the reason, Tom and team were willing to do the set up the put call is Tom's vision of bringing back and goal of achieving an investment grade rating on their side, right? This provides significant liquidity to pay down debt or continue their growth profile and improve the credit of our tenant, which will accrue through to VICI enhanced rent protections.
David Kieske: Yes, I can take that. Hey, it’s David. So Margaritaville, and just put the 10 leases in perspective, right, there's a variable rent component, which is a small percentage of the overall rent that we get on an annual basis. From Margaritaville, it's $3 million as a $23.5 million of annual rent. And for Margaritaville, that we did not earn the escalator at that property, since the rent did not exceed the prior revenue metrics, or did not exceed the prior revenue metrics. And so, that was a variable rent decrease, and that was less than $100,000 decrease. So very, very de minimis on our total base rent. And then the Greektown that's coming up in June. And again, the variable component is $6.4 million out of the $55.5 million, $$55.6 million of total rent we collect, that $6.4 million of variable rent is only 50 basis points of our total revenue. So a small component of our total rent base again. And we'll have to see how that plays out given that's coming up in June.
