John Payne: Thanks, Ed, and good morning to everyone. As you can tell by the number of transactions announced by us in the gaming REIT sector more broadly over the past few months, the market environment for gaming transactions continues to be quite active. We view these transactions and the accretive value they've created for shareholders as a testament to the growing confidence in the gaming REIT model. As Ed touched on, we announced three asset acquisitions this quarter. We reconsolidated all of Caesars Palace real estate by acquiring the 668-room Octavius tower, which had been carved out from the rest of the property many years back in a financing related transaction. This acquisition represented a logical step for us not only in that it consolidates our ownership of Caesars Palace, but it also increased our exposure on the center of the Las Vegas Strip. The Las Vegas Strip holds some of the most valuable, sought-after real estate in the world, and we have managed to increase our Strip exposure significantly, adding $122 million in rent since formation with the acquisition of Harrah's Las Vegas and the Octavius Tower. We also announced the acquisition of Harrah's Philadelphia and with it our entrance into the Philadelphia market, the seventh largest gaming market in the U.S. We continue to expect that transaction to close during the fourth quarter of 2018 and when it does, we will diversify our rental income geographically by adding $21 million in rent from that asset and execute on the agreed upon lease modifications associated with the Philadelphia and Octavius acquisitions as Ed already highlighted. Upon closing these transactions, we'll collectively add $56 million of NOI to our portfolio. An attractive net cap rate of 9.5%. Also during the quarter on June 19th, we announced our partnership with Penn National to acquire Margaritaville Resort Casino in Bossier City, Louisiana for implied cap rate of 8.9%. We continue to expect that transaction to close during the second half of 2018. And when it does, VICI will lease to Penn the operations of the property for an initial annual rent of approximately $23 million. As the newest gaming property to open in the Bossier Street market in over a decade, Margaritaville complements VICI's existing footprint in the region. In addition, and as importantly, with this transaction, we've added Penn National to our tenant roster. Penn is a very high quality tenant that is set to become the largest regional gaming operator in the U.S. following the completion of the announced acquisition of Pinnacle Entertainment for $2.8 billion. We look forward to working with Penn and expanding our relationship in the quarters and years ahead. As you have heard, this has been a very active quarter for us in putting your capital to work. What has been and continues to be a principal key to our success is our understanding of the tenant underlying business, and our focus on executing what we consider fair deals, meaning, deals that are mutually beneficial to both the OpCo and VICI. We continue to be active in dialogs and scouting for opportunities and we look forward to providing more updates in the future. With that, I will turn the call over to David who will discuss our financial results.
John Payne: Yes, we really like it. We think it's going to be a great attractor of new guests to the facility that we have depending on how each state passes the laws. As you can see as states come online each state is kind of implementing or is implementing a different way of brining sports betting to life. But we're being positive on this that it's going to be good for the bricks and mortar casinos that we have in the regional markets.
John Payne: Yes, as you know, just to levels set, we've got an optional on that property that will last five years from our date of formation, which is October, 2017. So we roughly have about four more years while that option -- as you saw, Caesars worked to have a deal with the State of Louisiana to extend their operating contract and work with the state and city and just couldn't come to a conclusion this first time. I believe over the time that our option is good that there will be an opportunity for us to acquire that asset as an extension of the operating contact happens. There's still work to be done. I know it's important -- the tenant important to Caesars to work on this. And as we get more information we'll share that with you.
John Payne: Sure. It was a competitive process. We were obviously studied that asset. We know the market well or as a team having personally operated in that market for over a decade where the asset, and being the newest asset and the success of that team in Bossier, so -- and we really like the real estate where it's at with the ability to expand. We also have been clear, since the beginning of formation of our company that we were going to work to diversify our tenant. This was an opportunity to diversify and do a deal with Penn. We've known Penn and Tim Wilmott and Jay Snowden for decades as we worked together back in the day of Harrah's. And we think they're great operators. And this was an opportunity to acquire the real estate of Margaritaville, and do a partnership with Penn with them being tenant. It was quite competitive. We had a competitive bid. I think the sellers thought we put together a great team, and we're able to transact on that.
John Payne: Yes, a very good question. Probably a better question for the operators, but I'll put back on my operating hat and give you my thoughts on this. I think you'll go all the way back, Stephen, when Vegas started booming or the regionals started growing. There was a thought that these regional gaming would take away from Las Vegas, which has been the exact opposite, because as the regionals were growing it was creating more customers that could take destination trips to Las Vegas. And Las Vegas did an awesome job of creating reasons for those regional customers. Operators like MGM and Caesars obviously have perfected hub and spoke system where they tie in their loyalty programs, and it's worked well. As it pertains to the regional business, I mean it's exciting. I spent the majority of my career running the regional businesses, and I can't think of the time where halfway through the year the business, I think the last that I saw, Stephen, was that the regional businesses across all of it was up almost 5%, which is really exciting to see. And as we talked earlier on this call, I think that adding sports betting to many of these markets will just continue to attract newer customers and more customers to the facilities. I do not think, and this is one man's opinion and my opinion, that the growth of the regional is taken away from Las Vegas one bit. I think that as you continue to grow the regional Las Vegas will be a place that these customers will want to visit. And if you're a company like our main tenant, Caesars, which has a strong hub and spoke system you'll see customers continue to flow in to their destination markets. And we obviously have two properties in Las Vegas; we have properties in Lake Tahoe which also get helped by the growth of the regional business. So I think it's great to see the top line growth in the regions. And really, you're seeing some top line growth in Las Vegas as well.
John Payne: Yes, absolutely. And Stephen is probably aware of the connectivity of the loyalty programs, that when you're a top customer in these regional markets, you're a top customer when you walk in the doors of Caesars Palace. And that's a big deal, and it continues to flow back and forth. And again, I think it's a big part of why we're so confident, and our tenant continuing to grow in both the regions and also long-term in Las Vegas.
John Payne: Yes, it's something that they continue to have to study. But I think as gambling in general becomes more, I say normalized. I mean when a deal with the NBA is done with a gaming company -- 10 years ago; I'm not sure anyone would ever thought that. So I think the normalization of gaming and the acceptance of gaming in all forms is going to continue to be good, not only for as you're talking about eventually an internet business and those type of things, but really for the bricks and mortars, and we've see that through the history. It's also a different customer. We don't need to go into extensive detail on that. But I think that it all complements itself. And we'll see how it ultimately plays out in these states.
John Payne: Yes, John, great observation. And it's exactly what has been -- we've been executing our game plan since we started 300 days ago is getting out to make sure all the OpCos in the space, no matter the size, location, where they're assets are, understand who we are. And should they look to be doing transactions to make sure VICI is top of mind, and we get in the door and talking to them. So obviously you know this well, the Penn and Pinnacle transaction is most likely going to close by the end of the year to create the U.S.'s largest regional gaming company, and we're out there, not only meeting with them, obviously when we did the Margaritaville deal. But everyone else that's out there to understand us and over time diversify our tenant mix.
John Payne: Yes, John, we're seeing both actually in this space right now. And I think we've communicated to most OpCos we're quite flexible in the type of deals that we can do, assuring that they're fair, that they work for that OpCo and they work for us. But we are seeing both. We're seeing operators that want to exit and have discussions about that, and operators that are looking to monetize their real estate to use for future growth and remain as the operator.
David Kieske: Thanks, John. Yesterday, we reported total AFFO of $128.8 million or $0.35 per share for the second quarter. Our earnings for the quarter reflect revenue of $221 million which was comprised of $213.5 million from our real property business and $7.5 million from our golf business. Real property business revenue was comprised of $182.3 million of income from direct financing leases, $12.2 million of income from operating leases and $18.9 million of property taxes paid by our tenants. Our income from direct financing leases includes a $13.2 million net change to our investments in direct financing leases, which is non-cash item. After adjusting for the non-controlling interest attributable to Joliet our portion of the DFL that is deducted from net income to calculate AFFO is $12.9 million. On the cost side, our general administrative costs were $7.2 million for the quarter. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, we continue to incur startup and transition related costs, which we expect to continue into the third quarter as we work towards a steady state run rate for G&A. During the second quarter, we had two nonrecurring items that totaled approximately $1 million related to recruiting and relocation costs associated with the transition from Las Vegas to New York as well as legal and advisory costs associated with the S-11 we filed in May in connection with the December private placement. Our AFFO does include these one-time items in the quarter. Turning to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with just over $980 million of cash in short term investments, excluding $13.8 million of restricted cash. Subsequent to quarter end, we closed the acquisition of Octavius Tower for $507.5 million using cash on the balance sheet. In addition, we expect to use cash on the balance sheet to fund the remaining transactions in our pipeline. We expect a total net cash outflow for Margaritaville, Harrah's Philadelphia, and the $159 million reduction associated with the agreed upon lease modification with Caesars to be $851 million. And as we have mentioned, we expect these transactions to close in the second half of '18. During the quarter, we entered into a five-year interest rate swap with a notional amount of $1.5 billion. This serves to effectively fix the LIBOR component on a portion of our term loan B facility at approximately 2.8% and brings our total fixed rate debt to 86% providing certainty to our interest expense over the next five years. Our outstanding debt at quarter end was $4.1 billion with a weighted average interest rate including the impact of our interest rate swap of 4.93% and a weighted maturity of approximately six years. We have no debt maturing until 2022. Based on annualized second quarter adjusted EBITDA, our net leverage is 4.6x. As we looked upon any potential future growth opportunities, we will continue to remain disciplined and opportunistic in how we use our capital using a balanced approach to capital allocation in order to maintain our low leverage profile. This quarter, we have overseen the smooth transition of all of our accounting functions from Las Vegas to New York and as past of this initiative, we have added some exceptional new hires to our internal accounting and legal teams. And as Ed mentioned, we have enhanced our disclosures and added the supplemental to our IR site as we feel transparency is an attribute of best-in-class REITs. We welcome your feedback on the information as we are always looking to improve and help you understand the durability and consistency of our business. Turning to guidance, we are raising our 2018 guidance expectations to reflect the close of Octavius Tower in the current interest rate environment. Note, our revised guidance does not account for the Harrah's Philadelphia or Margaritaville transactions which we have announced but not yet closed. For 2018, we now expect AFFO per diluted share on a same-store basis to be between $1.43 and $1.44 per share. Finally, regarding the company's dividend policy, with the closing of Octavius Tower, we expect to increase our annual dividend to $1.15 per share from the current annual amount of $1.05. This represents a 9.5% increase in an applied annual -- an applied quarterly dividend rate of $0.2875. This increase was expected to be reflected on our next quarterly dividend declaration for the third quarter. Before we open up the call to Q&A, I'd like to turn the call back to Ed for some final remarks.
David Kieske: Shaun, no you're spot on. We increased our ramp by $35 million on an annual basis. We are buying [indiscernible] with all cash. And cash was obviously raised in the IPO. So we're essentially giving the full increase back to our shareholders by increasing the targeted annual dividend. It does not change any of our payouts, still is in line with where we were before, and in like with kind of how we've modeled out the company going forward.
David Kieske: Hey, Mike, good to hear from you. The 4.6 net number is as of 6.30, that includes also the cash on the balance sheet at that time. We did close Octavius on July 11th, so cash left the system and cash will level the system, the net $851 million in total for the three assets that we acquired, offset by the lease modification payment. So the pro forma for that, we remain in the low to mid five after utilizing that cash. So our leverage profile and our leverage target does not change going forward. We still intend to run the balance sheet in kind of mid to low fives. And as we assessed each acquisitions it would have to be based on market conditions, and kind of a balance between equity and debt-financed, and market dependant to some extent.
David Kieske: Yes, James, it's a fair question and something that we look at regularly. They're trading, you've probably got a screen in front of you, that they're trading $1.10, $1.11, $1.12 somewhere in that area. So right now the MPV analysis just doesn't make sense for us to take that earlier, but it is something we monitor because we know that's a lever we can pull to reduce our cost of capital here something we're highly focused on.
Edward Pitoniak: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines to Q&A, we'd like to address what we expect may be on the minds of some and that's the issue of what the second half of 2018 may look like for Las Vegas Strip properties. In the starting point and at the risk of stating the boldly obvious, we are a triple net REIT with rent streams that are fixed for now and grow in the years to come thanks to preordained escalators. We will collect the same amount of rent from our Strip properties in Q3 and Q4 2018 whether our tenant is up, down or sideways over the short-term period. Over the long-term, we believe very strongly in the health of the Las Vegas Strip given economic health, cultural trends, the outlook for low supply growth and continuing innovations in destination marketing and destination experiences from a great operator like Caesars. We would note that regional gaming markets posted growth in June of 5.7%, one of the highest year-over-year growth percentages in recent regional gaming history and we see a growing regional propensity to game as a longer term positive for Las Vegas. At the same time, because of the relative current outperformance of regional gaming versus Las Vegas, it's a good time to be geographically diversified and that's true of both VICI and our tenant Caesars. Finally, we would also point, by comparison, to the reaction of the debt markets to this recent gaming sector news flow. And it's pretty safe to say the gaming debt investors have shrugged this off as a short-term issue in a gaming sector that otherwise has very strong balance sheets and operating prospects. To sum up, as a triple net REIT with irreplaceable beachfront properties and a market leading tenant, we are very excited about being invested in a sector that for a long time to come will produce strong free cash flows for both the tenant and the landlord. And with that, Operator, we will open up the lines to questions.
Edward Pitoniak: Jeff, I was just going to add to that that as with any transaction marketplace, the more active a marketplace becomes and the more datapoints get established the greater the confidence that the market participants tend to have in transacting. And we would just point to the fact that the last six months have obviously involved more transaction activity than the sector had seen in pretty much the prior four years.
Edward Pitoniak: To be honest with you, Jeff, we haven't looked closely at it yet, but we have positioned ourselves from the beginning as an experiential leisure and hospitality REIT. And we're obviously paying attention to where the culture is going and how people are spending leisure time and leisure spending. And we're looking certainly at all of those areas that have the attributes that we like most about gaming, which starts with experiential complexity, giving the operator more leverage to pull to incremental guest experiences, delight, and contribution. So we're certainly investigating those areas, but for the time being we are very, very excited about the growth opportunities within gaming.
Edward Pitoniak: We actually think it has a positive impact. And John can add some more color around what we believe will be the benefit to brick-and-mortar.
Edward Pitoniak: John, I would just add, and good morning Carlo. I would just add that obviously when it comes to the call properties, Carlo, we've got another four-and-a-half years. We can control the timing of when we execute on those very accretive opportunities at the preordained tenant caps, which we can call them. On the other hand, obviously we cannot control the timing of assets that come to market and whether in auction format or in a -- perhaps a direct reproach to us. So we will prioritize acting on those that are right in front of us, and leave the call properties uncalled if there are those compelling opportunities right in front of us.
Edward Pitoniak: Great question, Stephen. John is best equipped, with his 23 years in the business, to answer that one.
Edward Pitoniak: Sorry, just so we make sure we understand your question correctly, John, are you asking if we're concerned that operator count will decline, and it will make it harder to achieve tenant diversity or…
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, absolutely. That is their aim. And we certainly believe they've got a strategy to develop more relationships. And certainly we've got, John, an ability to develop the relationships that we believe will yield to deal-flow and ultimately to tenant diversity. Now, I'll turn it over to John to add more color on that.
Edward Pitoniak: And John, if I could just add, John, as you know, I have worked across multiple leisure and hospitality sectors. I've worked in ski resorts, beach resorts, desert resorts; I've worked in urban hotels, suburban, airport, every category you can imagine, with all kinds of different operators and management companies. And I get really excited about doing more and more business with more and more gaming operators because I firmly believe, as some of you've heard me talk about, the gaming operators are the best leisure and hospitality operators on earth. When it comes to managing ultimately what the guest experiences, which is the guest experience of time and space. And nobody, but nobody on earth, I believe is more innovative and rigorous and expert at managing the guest experience, time, and space than gaming operators are. And the more business we can do with more operators the more excited we get.
Edward Pitoniak: Hi, Komal. That's a good question. We spoke to the agencies in the spring and we will update them here in the fall in kind of our latest events and transactions once we get closer to closing the Margaritaville and diversifying our tenant base with Penn.
Edward Pitoniak: Thank you. Thank you, Operator. In closing, we at VICI have made tremendous progress during the second quarter as we continue to execute on our strategy. We have no plans of slowing down. I believe we remain well-positioned to grow portfolio and drive superior shareholder value. Thank you again for your time today. We look forward to providing an update on our continued progress when we report our third quarter results. Thank you, Operator.
