David Kieske: Thanks, John. I'll keep my remarks brief as we want to leave as much time for everyone's questions, but I do want to touch on our liquidity and our updated full year guidance. We are constantly focusing and at times obsessing on the balance sheet as we work to bring our leverage back down to our target range of 5 to 5.5x, while ensuring we have the dry powder to continue to fund accretive growth for our shareholders. We are diligently working with the agencies to improve our credit ratings over time, lower our cost of capital while balancing the right leverage for the company.  At quarter end, we had approximately $4 billion in total liquidity, comprised of approximately $740 million in cash, $870 million of net proceeds available under our forward sale agreements and $2.4 billion of availability under the revolving credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end, we settled approximately $190 million in shares under our forward sale agreements to fund the closing of Rocky Gap.  In terms of leverage, net debt to annualized Q2 adjusted EBITDA is approximately 5.6x. We have a weighted average interest rate of 4.34% taking into account our hedge portfolio and a weighted average 6.4 years to maturity.  Turning to the income statement. AFFO per share was $0.54 for the quarter, an increase of nearly 12% compared to $0.48 for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Our results once again highlight our highly efficient triple-net model given the increase in adjusted EBITDA as a proportion of the corresponding increase in revenue. Our margins continue to run strong in the high 90% range when eliminating noncash items. Our G&A was $15 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was only 1.7%, in line with our full year expectations and one of the lowest ratios in the triple-net sector.  Turning to guidance. We are updating AFFO guidance for 2023 in both absolute dollars as well as on a per share basis. AFFO for the year ending December 31, 2023, is now expected to be between $2.13 billion and $2.16 billion or between $2.11 and $2.14 per diluted common share. Just to reiterate, based on the midpoint of our updated guidance, VICI expects to deliver year-over-year AFFO per share growth of 10%, one of the highest growth rates across REIT brands.  And as a reminder, our guidance does not include the impact on operating results from any announced but unclosed transactions, interest income from any loans that do not yet have final draw structures, possible future acquisitions or dispositions, capital markets activity or other nonrecurring transactions or items. And as we've discussed with you in the past, we reported noncash CECL allowance on a quarterly basis due to its inherent unpredictability leaves us unable to forecast net income and FFO with accuracy. Accordingly, our guidance is AFFO focused and -- as we believe AFFO represents the best way of measuring the product -- productivity of our equity investments in evaluating our financial performance and ability to pay dividends.  With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Yes. Tony, I mean, it goes to Ed's comments around, it's a holistic solution where we obviously provided the pref and then we'll fund the loan here in the not-too-distant future. But it all goes to the the opportunity that Ed and John talked about on CNBC last night that this was a much greater opportunity than just the pref. The pref itself is accretive to us. It does make money. We funded $90 million yesterday, and we will kind of a delayed draw funding schedule that will happen over the next 3 or 4 quarters. So it's a phenomenal tool to be partners with the organization and grow together.
David Kieske: Yes, Jim, we just assume the base rates. We don't -- if we had a crystal ball, we would predict CPI, but we don't have a crystal ball. So for [indiscernible] it's 2%, some of the regionals, it's obviously 1.5%, but it's just the base rates in guidance.
David Kieske: Yes, Todd, it's David. Good to talk to you. We aren't giving out specific deals similar to how we've kind of operated in the past around the competitive nature of capital out there and the relationship nature of this capital. It's -- as I just talked about, it's all guiding towards a blended yield that's accretive to our cost of capital. So we feel good about the investments.
David Kieske: No, as we settled 6 million shares, about $190 million to fund the Rocky Gap transaction that closed 2 days ago.
David Kieske: The cash on specifically, right. That's a result. Remember, we got repaid on the Caesars Forum Convention mortgage back on April 1. So that elevated the cash balance a little bit, but -- so this obviously gives us additional liquidity and dry powder to continue to grow.
David Kieske: Yes, Ron, I appreciate your notice on that. I mean it will continue to trend down to the 5.5 range, maybe just slightly north of that. But as I stated in my remarks, right, we're very focused on getting sub-5.5 and continuing to improve our credit profile.
David Kieske: Yes. I mean Nate, good to talk to you. I mean, directionally, that's accurate. Again, it's $150 million. We funded a little bit $90 million this week to draw schedule that will future funding that they will pull down as they invest in the organization. So it's directionally that's in line.
David Kieske: And then the last October, we announced the $200 million with Canyon Ranch to help them build Austin. So that's getting going. And as I mentioned in his comments, I opened in '25, '26 at some point. And so mean we had dinner with the Canyon Ranch team last night and they were extremely excited to embark on this journey of mapping and finding these assets. So nothing specific at this moment, but we very much hope there's more to come in the near term.
David Kieske: Yes, Chris, it's David. Good to talk to you. And we did -- we did set the coverage lower on Rocky Gap because it was going into a very healthy master lease. Century is a phenomenal operator, goes into these assets and improves coverage from where they were, which they did on the 3 pack that we originally bought with them back in 2019. So we can't give out asset level coverage because they don't give out asset level coverage, but it's very, very healthy coverage coming out of those assets, and we're excited to add that as well as the Alberta assets into that master lease.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Tony, I'll start and John and David can chime in as they wish. I want to answer that question at the level of general principles. We take great care in how we acquire and that care manifests itself in us not attempting to buy what we can accretively pay for. And so we evaluate every situation on the basis of can we create value for our investors straight out of the gate. Our net lease model is a model in which the yield we get at the outset is the yield we're going to live with. I mean, we'll obviously -- we can obviously get rent escalation over time and increasing yields based on that. But we are not a category where we can go in and accept a dilutive yield going in on the basis of having an underwriting thesis of asset management that's somehow going to magically transform a dilutive yield into an accretive yield. So we are very careful and very humble in understanding what we can and can't do, and that guides our investment decision-making.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So I think when it comes to VICI's credit activities, we do, as you suggested, David, we take great care in the underwriting. I think one of the key elements of our underwriting is that when it comes to absolute bottom line risk, it would be an asset we would be very happy to own if we ended up needing to own it, okay? We don't want to lend against stuff we would never want to own. That for us is absolutely existential. And obviously, we want to make sure we're putting money behind not only a really good asset, but a really good operator in whose credit we can be confident whether they are developing or operating. So in this particular time, I would also say that it is a very accretive deployment of our capital insofar as the overall real estate transaction market continues to be really depressed in terms of activity. I believe the last month that was reported on it was down about 60%, 70% year-over-year. So credit does give us an opportunity to deploy capital accretively in a period in which the transaction market is still somewhat stalled, especially based upon would-be sellers and would-be buyers not having high conviction around what assets -- how assets should be valued.
Edward Pitoniak: And Smedes, let me just add, while generally, we do not, for very good reasons, disclose asset level 4-wall rent coverage or EBITDAR, EBITDA before rent, the Venetian did go before the Nevada Gaming Board back in November and did disclose at that time what they expected to achieve for 2022 EBITDAR at the resort and they disclosed they are on track for $650 million of EBITDA before rent. And you know that in our first year, we were collecting $250 million of rent. So there is a lot of coverage at the Venetian.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. It's a really good question to ask, Todd. And the way we think about it is that we absolutely do recognize the value of quality. And we can find ourselves in situations where we're willing to accept a lower yield on the highest quality real estate. We still want it to be an accretive yield. We can't accept a dilutive yield in the name of quality. But at the end of the day, we are solving for a blended yield across our investment activity. And so if we can buy great real estate at a thinner but still accretive yield, and match that with an investment in good real estate at higher yields and end up with a blended yield that creates real value for our shareholders, that's how we are, and that's how we will run the business.
Edward Pitoniak: We do. And Todd, this is a great way of elaborating on the first question you asked. I mean we are sitting here in a mansion in the Berkshires. It is the definition of high-quality real estate built to last for generations. And you can be confident that when you put all this together, we are achieving accretion for our shareholders.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, Barry. I wish we had a really -- well, actually, I don't know if I wish that we had a really exact answer. The truth is we don't have a highly exact answer. It will very much obviously depend on what we're able to source globally in gaming and non-gaming. I do think the math is such that you can be confident gaming will still be the lion's share of our rental given the magnitude of economics that come out of gaming assets domestically and internationally. And we would not put an arbitrary line across our rent roll to say, okay, this much needs to be gaming, this much needs to be nongaming. We're not going to manage in terms of those kinds of numbers, we're going to manage in terms of achieving accretion and value and quality growth.
Edward Pitoniak: I don't think you'd be far off, Wes. You'd be in the ballpark. There's an optimal size for Canyon Ranches. Generally, I think John Goff and Jeff Kuster and the team would tell you generally between 100 and 150 rooms. And obviously, the room count is only part of the equation. Obviously, the facilities that go around the rooms are what really differentiates Canyon Ranch. But you did hear John Goff on CNBC last night, expressing his ambition that this be a $2 billion relationship in -- within the coming years. And we're very happy to hear him say that. And I do think when you look at this as a $1.5 trillion global industry that McKinsey estimates is going to grow at a compound rate of 5% to 10% a year for the years to come. We do think, again, that the Canyon Ranch brand has growth opportunities not only in North America, but internationally as well. And the other thing I just wanted to say, Wes, is that we -- and it goes back to the question Barry asked -- the second question, Barry asked that John answered. And that is the way in which we initiate partnerships. We don't initiate transactions so much as we initiate partnerships. There's no question that if Canyon Ranch had wanted to sell the real estate to a conventional hotel REIT, they would have gotten amazing pricing, amazingly low cap rates for real estate of this prestige and quality. But the reason we're doing the deal we did is because we took a holistic approach from day 1 at understanding Canyon Ranch's business and its overall capital needs and ended up coming up with solutions that go way beyond your standard real estate transaction.
Edward Pitoniak: Well, John, one of the strategic motivators for doing the deal we did back in late November, early December, was to consolidate what had been a joint venture with MGM Grand Mandalay Bay. So generally speaking, while we do not rule out joint ventures, generally speaking, we are obviously going to prefer complete ownership of our assets, both in gaming and non-gaming. Again, we're not absolutely dogmatic, but it is our preference, and I think there is significance and meaning in the fact that our most recent deal in Las Vegas was the consolidation of what had been a joint venture, not the creation of a new joint venture.
Edward Pitoniak: Greg, I'll just ask given your representatives of Scotiabank, I'll give you a little Canadian data, and that is that the absolute size is not always as important and meaningful as per cap size. And so as an example, the GGR in Canada, the commercial GGR in Canada is about $12 billion a year, and that compares to combined Las Vegas and regional commercial GGR in the U.S., if I believe, $70 million to $80 million. So on a per capita basis, with Canada having about 1/10 of the population of the U.S., obviously, Canadian show a higher propensity to game. And so that's 1 of the 3 real characteristics we look at as we evaluate gaming globally. It's not only the absolute size of the market, but the propensity of the game and the degree to which gaming is woven into the consumer economy in those countries.
Edward Pitoniak: I would say that we're very much focused on Canyon Ranch given their market leadership and their growth opportunity, Greg. I mean we obviously wouldn't rule out other investments along the broader wellness spectrum. I mean, in a way, somewhat see that already with -- Great Wolf as I think, John, you've put it. Great Wolf is kind of like Canyon Ranch for kids.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So Nate, we've really just begun that process. But I would point out that for John Goff, he's -- he feels like he's getting to do again what he did so successfully with Richard Rainwater in the early '90s when they built Crescent Real Estate to a great degree out of the whole Resolution Trust wind-up and created an incredibly compelling resort portfolio within Crescent Real Estate by capitalizing on the distress in the market at that time. So we've -- David has done some really good work already at beginning to develop inventories. I would say though that the filtering processes, which we're going to really starts with what regions of North America is Canyon Ranch not in that it could really benefit from being in. And then from there, we look for resorts that would meet the criteria of Canyon Ranch within those geographies, regional geographies.
Edward Pitoniak: And what I will tell you Nate, is that our blended yield for real estate of this quality is very compelling.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So Chris, Canyon Ranch has been in operation for just about 45 years. And what they have shown through all cycles is a resilience that is far stronger than conventional luxury resorts. And so much of that has to do with Canyon Ranch being for so much of its clientele a ritual, not even just necessarily an annual ritual but in some cases, a quarterly ritual. So the commitment to Canyon Ranch on the part of the consumer is stronger than the purely discretionary commitment that you get in most luxury resorts, which I know you cover. And so based on that, we do not feel we need inordinately high coverage. And yet what is very comforting is the fact that the economic intensity of these properties does create economic headroom above the rent that gives us very, very great comfort in the level of coverage.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. I very much think so, Dan. I think that could be true in both gaming and nongaming as I think I might have mentioned on that call, Dan. We look on a weekly basis on what the yields to worst are on on gaming and other leisure credits, and you're still seeing yields to worse even with the recent tightening of spreads that make sale leasebacks a very compelling alternative when it comes to refinancing the debt that will come due in the coming years in both gaming and non-gaming.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. I just want to thank everybody on the call today, both the analysts who asked very good questions in all of our investors who are also on the line. We thank you for your time, and we're excited to talk to you again in a few months. Bye for now.
John Payne: Yes. We've been adding -- it's a great question. We've been adding -- I think we brought on a new Chief Investment Officer a little over a year ago, and we've been adding staff under David and Aaron's team to get a little deeper in the segments that we've been studying. And it's important to do that. There's only so many places I could be and so many things that a few of us could study. We realized we needed to bring on some resources to be more productive.
John Payne: Just because we've been talking a lot about nongaming, I think we'll probably continue -- it shouldn't be lost that we continue to travel the world in studying gaming assets. You shouldn't take that -- a lot of the conversation is about these great new partnerships that we've formed in the experiential sectors that somehow we've lost sight of how great the casino business is, we are continuing to do that and and put resources to studying unique opportunities all over the United States and the world.
John Payne: Look, it's hard for us to quantitate that. That's probably a question for the operator. But I will remind you, and you know this well, and you've heard me say this many a time, whether the business is up 5%, 10% of the business is down 5%, VICI and its 5.5 years has collected 100% of its rent from all of its operators. So this is an operator decision that the Pallo team made, and I think they feel very good about the workforce there.
John Payne: Yes, Smedes, I -- clearly, I can't predict when we're going to make announcements. I think it's 2 sectors that were kind of past, a, are we interested in and that we're in the evaluation stage and then how can we structure or be constructive in using our capital to help family entertainment companies or sports category companies grow their business. I really can't tell you exactly when there will be a deal or if there'll be a deal. I just wanted to reiterate that we are digging a little bit deeper in those 2 sectors right now.
John Payne: I mean, we are following the same plans that we have since we started the company is continuing to build relationships, like you said, with our existing operators, and meeting the operators that we've not been fortunate yet to do business with, educating them on how our capital can work, how we can help them grow, once we're partners, how we can use a property growth fund to help them grow, traveling not only domestically as we started the company, but now as you can see, we've been in Canada and acquired some real estate in Canada, and we're traveling the world to find other unique opportunities that are out there. So it's just about building relationships and letting them know that should there be a time they want to monetize their real estate or they want to acquire another company or an asset that we're there to be a good partner.
John Payne: And Ronald, as it pertains to the 2 wonderful assets in Indianapolis, the owner of the assets and the operator Caesars continues to do a fabulous job adding capital to the facilities, implementing the table games that the law passed a couple of years ago and growing that business. We continue to monitor that -- those 2 assets with them. We do have a put call agreement with Caesars that last until the end of December '24, and we continue to evaluate that opportunity.
John Payne: No, Ron -- and Ed, I was just going to add about Las Vegas. I mean we continue to get a large percentage of our rent coming out of the operators in the buildings in Las Vegas. Every day, I seem to open up an article and read this morning. I don't know if you saw this, Ronald, but all-time record June at the airport in Las Vegas, 48% growth in international business. So the industry in Las Vegas and the regional continues to see solid consumer acceptance and growth in many of these locations.
John Payne: Yes, John, nice to talk to you. I actually wouldn't describe them as challenges. I'd describe them as being quite fun, particularly in the experiential sector where there hasn't been a lot of companies like ours, taking the time to explain how our capital can help these experiential companies grow. And it is, for me, having resources and folks around me that we're out again, traveling the world and spending time with these very unique and interesting operators, whether that's in health and fitness, whether that's in the events business or the many of the other things that we continue to explore, it has been really gratifying to explain how our company and our capital and help them grow. So I wouldn't as I describe it as a challenge. I just describe it as a way of we're helping them understand the different ways we can become partners.
John Payne: Yes. I don't have the specific numbers right now, Greg. We continue to work on that and look across, as you mentioned, all the different countries where we potentially could place investments. But I don't have a specific number for you right now.
John Payne: I wouldn't say that, Greg. I would say that, as you've heard me say a couple of times on this call, we're continuing to build relationships, we're continuing to educate how our capital can work. I think you're asking about is that a market that we would have interest in owning real estate. There's some fabulous operators in the downtown market of Las Vegas that we are not currently partners with that we'd love to be partners with not only on the assets they have in Downtown Las Vegas, but also is there a way that we could grow with them all over the United States or even the world. We're also not in the regional market of Las Vegas, where we'd like to own real estate over time. So some of these, as you've seen in our first 5 years, some of these happen quickly. Some of these deals move fast and others. It's -- we take the long game here. We get to know the owners. We get to know the operators and hopefully, over time, a deal will come our way.
