David Kieske: Thanks, John. I will cover a few of the highlights from our quarterly financial results published last night. As you'll see on the income statement starting on January 1, 2019, under ASC 842, the new lease accounting standard, we are no longer required to present real estate taxes and the related tenant reimbursements on a gross basis since they are paid directly by our tenants to the relevant taxing authority. Therefore neither of these items appear on our March 31, 2019 statement of operations. The prior period, will not be retrospectively adjusted and therefore the historical financial statement presentation remains unchanged and continues to include the gross up of the real estate taxes and related tenant reimbursements. Our revenues in Q1 '19 excluding the tenant reimbursement of property taxes, increased 6.5% over Q1 '18. Our G&A was $6.2 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was only 2.9% for the quarter, which is in line with our full-year projection and one of the lowest ratios in the triple-net sector. We did incur $889,000 of transaction expenses in the quarter, primarily related to the legal and accounting costs associated with documenting the JACK Cincinnati acquisition. These costs are required to be expensed under the new leasing guidance. Our AFFO for the quarter was $151.5 million or $0.37 per share for the first quarter. As Ed mentioned, total AFFO increased almost 22% year-over-year and AFFO per share increased approximately 3% over the prior year. We'd like to draw your attention to our quarterly financial supplement where we strive to provide additional transparency in information. The supplement is located in the Investors section of our website under the menu heading Financials, and we value any feedback you may have on the information presented. Now moving onto our balance sheet and capital markets activities. During the first quarter, we issued $6.1 million shares of common stock through our at-the-market equity program at a weighted average price of $21.28, raising net proceeds of $128.1 million. We view the ATM as an extremely efficient tool to shore up our balance sheet outside of transaction specific capital raises. Our balance sheet continues to be in a phenomenal position to execute. As of March 31, our net debt-to-LTM EBITDA was approximately 4.3 times, below the low end of our stated range of 5 times to 5.5 times. This does include the impact of the excess cash on our balance sheet we raised in our November equity offering, as well as the recent ATM issuance that will be used to fund the Greektown and JACK Cincinnati transactions. Our total outstanding debt at quarter end was $4.1 billion, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.97%. This includes the impact of the two interest rate swap transactions we entered into on January 3rd, having an aggregate notional amount of $500 million. These have an effective date of January 22, 2019 and a termination date of January 22, 2021 and effectively fix the LIBOR portion on the $500 million under our Term Loan B facility at a blended rate of 2.38%. Taking into account our swap agreements 98% of our debt is now fixed rate debt providing clarity to our future interest expense. The weighted average maturity of our debt is approximately 4.8 years and we have no debt maturing until 2022. We ended the quarter with approximately $1 billion of cash in short-term investments and an unfunded $400 million revolver providing us liquidity for future growth. To follow-up on the acquisition front that John discussed, on January 2nd, we closed the acquisition of Margaritaville for $261.1 million, adding approximately $23.2 million in annual cash rents. The transaction was funded using cash on the balance sheet. For Greektown, we will use the proceeds from our November equity offering to fund the transaction, which we anticipate closing by the end of May. Subsequent to quarter end, we announced the acquisition of the real estate of JACK Cincinnati for a purchase price of $558 million adding $42.75 million of annual rent. The combined Greektown and JACK Cincinnati transactions are expected to be funded on a leverage neutral basis utilizing debt and existing cash on hand. We are reaffirming our 2019 AFFO per share guidance with a range of $1.47 to $1.50. As a reminder, our guidance does not include the pending acquisitions of Greektown and JACK Cincinnati that have been announced and not yet closed. We paid a dividend of $0.2875 based on the annualized dividend rate of $1.15 per share on April 11th to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 29th. In closing, we continue to make tremendous progress as we execute on our strategy and we remain well positioned with significant liquidity and access to capital to keep growing our portfolio in driving shareholder value. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Carlo, it's David. And John, I think you did it. I mean we will not -- as everybody knows we are triple-net REIT. So the accretion that we underwrite day one and we live with, we don't have the ability to asset manage, property manage or improve operations in our model. And this is the part of the reason we're able to achieve such high revenue flow through, but we will be very disciplined in the way we approach any asset and any acquisition depending, regardless of how large it is and where it sits.
David Kieske: Yes, RJ, it's David. Thanks for joining us. Look we've -- we loved the call properties because it gives us that embedded growth, and as we talked about that ability to drive consistency through the sector that I don't think has been demonstrated in the past. And so we still layer in the call properties, one in each year is a base case scenario. One in '20, one in '21 and one in '22 and each one of those delivers $40 million odd of rent to VICI and that is at our discretion. There's a lot, as John mentioned, there's a lot going on out there. So we don't -- we haven't deviated from that kind of base case today, but it is something that we are always mindful of and we do highlight where the stock is and that's we've had to downs our cost of capital and the accretion that we can achieve on each of those.
David Kieske: Yes, RJ, it's a good question. As we sit here today, we do not need any additional equity for Greekdown or JACK Cincinnati. So we're fortunate to have executed a very successful follow-on offering in November. And then as we view the ATM, look it's one of the most efficient tools -- equity tools that we have available to us as any REIT has available to it. And we will evaluate numerous considerations including the trading environment of our stock, investor demand around our stock, and kind of what the long-term outlook of our pipeline is, obviously with the timing that it takes to close these deals and making sure that we have pre-funded the balance sheet, we've put the balance sheet in the best position as possible to drive as much optionality for us is very important to us. So, we'll assess the ATM kind of opportunistically as we have with all the equity offerings that we've done.
David Kieske: Yes we opened it up in the first quarter and it was the general way issuance throughout the quarter.
David Kieske: Yes, Dan it's a fair question and look it's the one that we've gotten since day one. I mean we know they are always there. We're not going to let them go. And the stock continues to work in the right direction as Ed alluded to the understanding of the merits and you've been a big proponent of helping people understand the merits of the sector. And so I think, it can remain a lot of activity out there, third-party acquisitions and they will always be accretive and they could potentially be more accretive tomorrow if the stock continues and heads in the right direction. It's not something that we want to engineer our financial growth, so to speak, financial AFFO growth, but again we look at them layering one in 2020, one in 2021 and one in 2022.
David Kieske: Yes, John, it's David. I can start and John chime in. As Ed and I've appreciated and John's realized over the long-term there is such a resiliency to the gaming revenues and cash flows that come out of these assets. So as we underwrite assets ultimately over the long term we want to try to get to kind of the 2% coverage. But as you've seen us do with the fixed deals that we've announced to-date, the coverage ratios going in at a range of a 1.7% and 1.8% with a much lower in Harrah's Las Vegas knowing that there were significant capital going into that asset. But the Margaritaville, as you heard this morning, we would do that at a 1.9 and Penn made the comment this morning that they are having the best quarter ever in that asset. So it's a combination of knowing what the operator can do what they can do with synergies and the conviction that we have in the partnership with that operator in their ability to continue to drive revenues obviously, EBITDAR for rent coverage in there as well. It's a little bit of a long-winded rambling answer but I think it's -- it depends. And, but ultimately if we 1.7%, 1.8% getting up to a 2% over the long-term is where we'd like to be.
David Kieske: Yes, John, it's David. The leverage is something that we're very mindful of obviously this entity started at 10.5 times and we worked to really, really hard to take a lot of leverage out of the system. And then with the size of the deals and the timing of the close, we never want to be in a position where our funding -- there is funding uncertainty around our acquisitions. So, I specifically, with the call properties we've got internal funding capabilities out of having a lower AFFO payout ratio around 75% of our AFFO, that in itself provides a nice funding capability for the call properties. We will keep the balance sheet of 5 times to 5.5 times. And so that does provide us some optionality with the call properties. So we don't specifically keep the balance sheet under-levered for those call properties. We want to make sure that we are -- we have funding certainty around anything that we've announced or anything that we potentially may acquire here in the future.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I think you picked up on something very important Carlo. If you look across and again we approach this as the real estate people that we are as we look across all of the other American commercial real estate sectors whether it be industrial, multi res, medical office, single-family housing in so many of the sectors the prevailing wisdom and it remains to be seen whether that prevailing wisdom is correct is that most American commercial real estate sectors are in the late innings of the cycle that they are in. We believe the gaming real estate is still a very early inning story. It is a story and it has really developed we believe over the last 12 to 18 months in terms of especially the dedicated REIT community understanding the Alpha that they can obtain by investing in publicly-traded gaming real estate. So we believe that this will continue to be a sector that gets a lot of attention growing attention because of that if you will off cycle characteristics. This is a place that the active manager we believe will continue to find value especially when compared to so many of those other late inning commercial real estate sectors.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, and I would just add one more thing, Carlo. Because you touched on it, an important element. An element that's strategically important to us, when you did cite the fact that we will put value in our underwriting on developing strategic relationships that can grow over time. It would not become a factor that causes us to accept dilution going in, but to your point, it is a very important point in how we evaluate any given transaction.
Ed Pitoniak: And I would just add RJ, that -- obviously that that improving cost of capital that you're referring to also gives us the ability to make whatever else we may be working on other than the call properties even more accretive as time goes by.
Ed Pitoniak: And again I would just reemphasize Daniel that, I mean, here we are, where we're -- basically we're in our seventh quarter as a company, if I'm doing my math right. And in those first six quarters we did as John already spoken of in the prepared remarks, $3.2 billion of acquisitions. So that averages out to about $500 million a quarter. Obviously it hasn't layered in exactly like that, but you get a sense for the velocity at which we've been able to grow the business. And as we look forward, we continue to see the opportunity to continue to grow the business at or close to that velocity, and thus we are not faced with a situation where we really need to bring down the call properties in order to continue that kind of velocity. And thus given the opportunity to choose when and how we do it, we will continue to prioritize those opportunities here right in front of us.
Ed Pitoniak: I think, net-net Daniel, it's very much a plus. The guys of EPR are very smart real estate investors. And in their recognition the gaming real estate can represent real value, and truly institutional quality real estate. We see it as an important step in the validation that any commercial real estate sector needs to ultimately realize its full institutional value, right. In other words, as we become fond of saying, validation drives valuation, and any new entrant into the sector is a another step in that validation process, which is to say another step in the revaluation or rerating process.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Maybe just as a starting point, David, though, you didn't ask about a per se. I think everyone on this call, saw the Caesars results yesterday and we do not -- we must emphasize, we do not rely on Caesars quarterly performance to solidify the security of our rent. But we were very happy to see for the sake of Caesars team, that those results were as strong as they were. So that's, sorry that just I wanted to add to be a preamble.
Ed Pitoniak: In terms of how we approach any sort of engagement with Caesars, we are very mindful of the rights we have, we are very mindful of the obligations that we have and we will be looking at anything that arises in a relationship with Caesars through the filter of how do that make Caesars even stronger which thus further securitizes the quality of our rent. And then, how do we make sure that obviously the interest of our shareholders are being carefully preserved as well. And then, beyond that we take a lot of confidence in fact there is a lot of very smart people involved at Caesars, there is a lot of energy and a lot of urgency to create value and we're actually excited about the opportunity we have to work with them to increase the value and the strength of both of our businesses.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. You know, we from day one, we've positioned VICI as an experiential REIT and from day one we've always been engaged both as a board and a management team in learning all we can about experiential factors that share what we believe are the key characteristics of what we love so much of our gaming. And as we talk with you David, we love about gaming, then it's fundamentally a business in which great operators offer diverse experiences to a diverse clientele across diverse geographies. And as we look at adjacent sectors, we are seeing in some of those sectors those same characteristics and it's that diversity of experience clientele and geography that we think greatly improve the risk profile of any experiential sector. And to your point, there are certainly some names coming up in adjacent sectors that have characteristics we're very interested in. We obviously have to we were obligated to learn all we can, we're obligated to invest very carefully and we're obligated to make sure we never lose sight of the fundamental opportunity right in front of us right now which is to continue to grow our gaming real-estate asset portfolio very accretively.
Ed Pitoniak: Barry. I'll take the first crack at this, and I'll let John and David pitch in. It will improve our business and our cost of capital. And this is obviously believing the obvious. If we make fundamentally good real estate investment decisions, and we -- if we are going to do this, we need to make sure that we understand, not only the general but the highly specific characteristics of any sector. So that we understand, among other things, its supply demand characteristics, not only now but going forward. Is it a sector that's going to be favored or disfavored by demographic, cultural and social trends over the next 10, 20, 30 years. Again, we are investing, basically in multi-generational assets, and we need to have confidence that there will be a durability to the experience that then yields the durability to the rent. And again, the factors that come into play in those sectors may be different than the factors that come into playing gaming, especially given the highly regulated nature of gaming, which you generally don't find in these other experiential sectors, and thus don't have, if you will, the built-in, if you will supply growth constraints, that the intense regulatory regime of gaming does provide.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I'll just add one more thought John, and I added as an open question that we would not pretend to have the answer to, and I think that open question, John is, is to what degree will a gaming asset that comes to market to be sold here in the future. To what degree will a whole co be able to win the bidding, if a REIT is interested in the real estate of that asset that has come to market, and an operator is interested as well. In other words to put the question in the most succinct terms, will there be circumstances when a whole co can outbid the combination of an OpCo and a PropCo, right. That I think is the question going forward that fundamentally ends up time to the degree to which gaming REITs can continue to grow.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, yes. So again I -- we would look at the increasing interest in gaming real estate as a sign of validation. And as to what the impact of that will be on bidding, as to what the impact of that will be on the incumbent gaming REITs in terms of their growth, their consolidation, again an open question at this point. It would stand to reason that the arrival of new entrants, the validation that they bring should lead to a rising tide that should rise -- raise their -- all boats when it comes to improving your cost of capital, and needless to say as cost of capital improves to a point that was raised earlier, it does make the available suite of investment opportunities gaming and non-gaming more abundant.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, John it's a good question. As Penn said this morning and we are reiterating obviously it is subject to final regulatory approval, Greektown should close by the end of May. The plan would be to use cash on the balance sheet to close that asset. And then it sets the debt markets later in the year to acquire both Greektown and JACK Cincinnati on a leverage neutral basis. So Greektown is $700 million, Cincinnati is $558 million, so $1.2 billion $1.3 billion of total value for our assets that we're adding to the portfolio this year. So rough numbers $500 million, $600 million of additional debt that we will need to fund on a leverage neutral basis. And again, the markets are there today and as we get through the Ohio regulatory process we'll make -- we would have certainty around closing, we'll look to add incremental leverage on to the balance sheet.
Ed Pitoniak: I mean, I would just add that, obviously, as we talked about in the announcement of the Jack Cincinnati acquisition and as we talked about in the announcement of the Greektown acquisition, there are relatively few downtown regional casinos across the US landscape. New Orleans represents yet another one. And obviously we believe it is a really wonderful place to own a property. So we're obviously supporting Caesars in every way we can to ensure success in this process.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I'll take that. Someone asked me yesterday on a plane how things are going? I said I'm busier than I ever have been. But we've been saying since we started 18 months ago that we've been busy. So the activity is good. I think that the work we did in 2018 to build relationships and let folks know who we are, hopefully will continue to pay off. And in '19 and we'll do some work with those companies. So I'd say it is quite busy. We're quite active and it's pretty exciting time in this space.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, Operator. Thanks to everybody again for your time today. We look forward to providing an update on our continued progress in the summer when we report our second quarter results.
John Payne: Based on what I know I think that what you said is accurate, but it's hard to give a general comment on that. You got to look at the specifics of a current transaction.
John Payne: Barry, I'm very active in continuing to build relationships across all the platforms, and it's been great to finalize deals with Hard Rock and Penn and of course Caesars. But we continue to meet other companies, understand our growth strategies. What are they trying to achieve over the coming years and is there a place where we can be a part of that. So I think you'll see Barry, over the coming months or years that we continue to add more tenants to our portfolio.
John Payne: It's hard to say, but I don't think there is any regulatory restrictions that I see in front of us of deals that we're looking at, and where we may be. So the answer right now is, I don't see any impairments for us to be able to grow from the regulatory.
