Samantha Gallagher: Thank you, operator and good morning. Everyone should have access to the company's second quarter 2022 earnings release and supplemental information. The release and supplemental information can be found in the Investors section of the VICI Properties website at www.viciproperties.com. Some of our comments today will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of the words such as will, believe, expect, should, guidance, intend, outlook, projects or other similar phrases are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Therefore, you should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on them. I refer you to the company's SEC filings for a more detailed discussion of the risks that could impact future operating results and financial condition. During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which we believe can be useful in evaluating the company's operating performance. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available on our website and our second quarter 2022 earnings release and our supplemental information. For additional information with respect to non-GAAP measures of certain tenants and/or counterparties described herein, please refer to the respective company's public filings with the SEC. Hosting the call today, we have Ed Pitoniak, Chief Executive Officer; John Payne, President and Chief Operating Officer; David Kieske, Chief Financial Officer; Gabe Wasserman, Chief Accounting Officer; and Danny Valoy, Vice President of Acquisitions and Finance. Ed and team will provide some opening remarks, and then we will open the call to questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Samantha Gallagher: Yeah. Thanks Ed. So, we are very excited about this partnership. And as -- if to the extent you have followed Cabot, they have opportunities and growth opportunities internationally beyond just the United States that we certainly would look at with them. If there's -- they've an asset in St. Lucia, they've just announced an asset in Scotland. And so, we think there's growth opportunities together there. And one of the things we love about what we've done with this transaction is we've created a template that we can really follow. So, as we discussed earlier on the call, this loan, because it is development, but it does convert into real estate ownership and we have the documentation already in place for that. So, we're excited to use that template to grow with them.
Samantha Gallagher: Well, I think they have great expansion and growth opportunities. I can't speak for how many, but certainly we would love to walk along that journey together. And we've developed a really strong partnership. This was a relationship that we've been working on for at least 18 months before we signed the deal. So, this is now a very strong relationship between our two teams and we look forward to growing together.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. Tony, good to talk to you and I'll start out. This is Ed. And before I answer that question, I hope I don't preclude a second question you may be asking. I want to thank you for doing the math that you did in your note last night regarding the potential impact of CPI on VICI's run roll. To answer your question, I think, Cabot, the Cabot transaction is representative of the sort of transaction we wish to duplicate in many, if not all of our non-gaming transactions, insofar as the Cabot transaction is predicated on a period of lending into development with the lent capital converting into real estate capital upon stabilization of the development, that will obviously apply in situations where there is development. In other situations, we will obviously look for opportunities where we have the opportunity to own real property right out of the gate. But we're taking an approach in non-gaming that often requires pioneering. Insofar as one of the fundamental opportunities we believe we have at VICI is to pioneer the OPCO/PROPCO structure into experiential white space that has not seen the OPCO/PROPCO structure before. And in order to do that, and we're very happily doing it, we're willing to create structures like we did with Cabot.
Edward Pitoniak: And I think you can take it, Tony, as a sign of our confidence that we're going to have opportunities to deploy capital.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. Steve, good to talk to you. The -- as I mentioned in my opening remarks, what we do not fear is a recession having a harmful effect on our operators operating results and their overall credit quality. But I think one thing to be sober about is, the outlook for refinancing in 2023, 2024, and potentially even beyond, but especially in those two years. And one of the data collections I read most avidly every Monday is the credit trading data of our existing and potential partners. And when you look at the yields to worst of a lot of -- a lot of the experiential credit, both gaming, and non- gaming, you're looking at yields to worst right now that if they had to refinance at those levels, and then compare the cost of that refinancing to the cost of our capital through sale lease back structures, we can, frankly, in many cases, beat the hell out of that. So, I think, we do see it. I think, implicit in your questions, Steve, we agree with your implicit suggestion that there could be very attractive opportunities to, for us to support very strong operators who nonetheless could suffer from a refinancing marketplace over the next couple of years, that makes our capital that much more attractive.
Edward Pitoniak: I think it would depend on the circumstances, Steve. But just to make sure everybody understands that the basis of your question, we are very excited about the densification and intensification opportunities that we and our partners have along this Strip. We have 660 acres all told, and in due course, we're going to be mapping those 660 acres to identify either unoccupied acreage, or acreage that is otherwise not being put to its highest and best use. And we think we have the opportunity to support our partners in the intensification efforts in ways that could lead to billions of dollars of incremental investment opportunities. In terms of how we would structure the capital in those opportunities, where the opportunity is there to lend and then convert to real estate ownership, we might do so. But in many of the properties we already own, it could simply be a case where we are. We are financing the development of the real estate with our capital and effectively owning the real estate as it gets built, if you will.
Edward Pitoniak: The other thing I would add, Smedes -- the other thing I would add, Smedes, is that, we could be -- it remains to be seen that the velocity of which this will rollover. But we're -- you're beginning to see -- beginning to see the beginnings of rollover instruction costs. And I think, if we continue to see a more benign construction cost environment, it could obviously create a stronger green light for development.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. So Neil, we use four fundamental evaluation factors when we look at any experiential category. Starting with lower than average cyclicality versus consumer discretionary at large, we -- what we really love about gaming is it does have lower cyclicality, and we generally want a trend toward segments that have that same characteristic. Number two, we want healthy supply demand balance. This usually means investing capital in assets that have a cost or complexity that tends to mitigate against unwarranted supply. We do not want -- number three, we do not want secular threat to be a big factor. We generally want the real estate to provide an out of home experience. That must almost by definition, be an out of home experience, and thus be less vulnerable to, as we say, getting Amazon by displacing the experience through putting it at a box or shipping it through a wire to your house. And then finally, number four, we want proven durability of the end user experience. Because the durability of the end user experience that constitutes the durability of the operator's business and it's the durability of the operator's business and ultimately constitutes the durability of our rent.
Edward Pitoniak: Wes, let me just add. I'm sitting here with a team in our -- one of our New York conference rooms, and I'm looking at beautiful big aerial photos of a couple of our Las Vegas assets, Caesars Palace, and the Venetian. And I think one of the things we're starting to realize Wes -- and is that we need to do a better job of communicating the nature of the real estate we own, especially along Las Vegas Strip. And that when we describe it when we, or anyone else describes it as gaming real estate, we are not accurately describing it. As I look here at the Venetian, I'm looking at a complex of nearly 13 million square feet on what are we, 80, 90 acres, and gaming occupies, I think, less than about 2% of the square footage of that asset, right? And so, if you want to think about our Las Vegas assets and come up with a corollary, real estate corollary to our Las Vegas assets, I would encourage you to think of the correlate of being theme parks, right, because of the mass, the mass size complexity, layout, and development potential of these assets. And this is true of all -- 10 assets we own along the Strip or -- more true at some than others, but very true of many of them. And as an example, the Venetian -- and the photo I'm looking at, you can't even see where the MSG Sphere will go. And it represents a densification of the real estate that I think is among the most exciting development's going on in global entertainment right now. And for new music fans out there, it was just announced this last week that U2 will have the opening residency at the MSG Sphere when it opens in 2023. So, we hope in time for F1. Sorry, I got a little over excited there, Wes.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. So stadiums, stadiums are intriguing. But I do think we are mindful of the fact of obsolescence risk in stadiums. For every Fenway Park or Wrigley Field or Anfield or Old Trafford, there's a stadium that had proved to have about 20 years of useful life. And then -- and Atlanta, the Atlanta baseball stadium situations, an example. I will tell you that one area of pro sports globally that we're very interested in is the whole dimension of training facilities. And as you know, Wes, that's become a bigger beginning area focus of investment for pro sports teams. And we've been having discussions and doing a lot of study around being a virtuous capital provider as global sport obviously becomes more and more a focus of capital provision.
Edward Pitoniak: The other thing, I just want to make sure, Barry, no one ever loses track of or sight of is that we are as excited about global gaming investment as we have ever been. And we believe our opportunities to continue to grow in American gaming and in international gaming -- represents our most exciting, compelling, large scale growth opportunity, but just want to make sure that does not get lost.
Edward Pitoniak: Hey, Barry, let me just add. The -- I think there's another dimension to this, that also speaks to the opportunity for gaming operators to continue to grow their competitiveness and consumer discretionary, and that relates to sports betting. And I feel like sports betting in the last, I don't know, six, nine months Barry, it feels like the dot com explosion, right, of the early 2000s when every baby got thrown out with the bath water. Right? And if in 2000 you said, okay, dot com blew up. I'm never going to own Amazon again. You just -- you don't even want to think about the value you missed out on. Right? And I think one of the things that's being missed here is that the gaming operators have made investments in increasing their bandwidth, increasing the bandwidth with which they can reach, activate, engage, and generate business from a much bigger, deeper consumer market in America. And I think we're going to see the benefits of that in the years to come, especially by the way, in which gaming, sorry, sports betting has enabled the gaming operators to activate the next-generation of customers. Again, I think the whole kind of cloud over the sports betting investments is, is really gone too far. And people are losing sight of the fact that it is going to be a key, key means by which gaming competes in the American consumer marketplace.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. And anyway, David, as you well know, having covered the depth and breadth of hospitality and recreation that you do, so much of the scalability of a business in leisure hospitality, recreation is based upon the scalability of the management team. And one of the things I think you'll be very impressed by is the caliber of the management team that Ben Cowan-Dewar, the founder of Cabot, has put together. Because that is the limiting factor, right? That is the biggest constraint for organizations like this in terms of the scalability of their portfolio, is the scalability of their management team. And they have built an outstanding management team, as you will see when you look at their website, which is …
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. Ronald, it's a question we're working on. The thing we would most emphasize is this would be global TAM. These are categories of leisure, entertainment, recreation, that we see investing in on a global basis. And we are only at the beginnings of determining what that TAM would be. But I think you can be confident that when looked at globally, it represents a very big universe of potential investment.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. It's a good question, Jay. And the responsibility lies with us to explain the nature of the business we're investing in, the nature of the operator's business model and the credit worthiness of the operator. And we realize -- we own that responsibility and we'll exercise it very diligently. Obviously, helping people understand the gaming story was good training for what we need to be able to do and what we're responsible for doing in non-gaming. I will say, I think there's a bit of a mitigant, a positive mitigant at work, Jay, insofar yes, we have the obligation to help investors understand this new category, but with each new category, assuming we can convince them quickly that this is a category worthy of investment. It obviously also helps them answer the question, how does VICI continue to grow now that it's gotten so big? So, again, we won't shed the responsibility to educate, but we think with each new category we go in, we prove that there is a lot more we can do to continue to create value and growth at VICI.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. It obviously needs to be accretive, Jay, that's absolutely the requirement. And I think that we're in a very interesting period right now. It's a period in which some people realize, it's not 2021 anymore, and other people haven't quite figured out it's not 2021 anymore. What I would say is that the marketplace of borrowers or those who need capital, has more quickly figured out that the world has changed. And with it, the pricing that goes with that change, and then there's others -- potential sellers, some of whom haven't really figured out, it's not 2021 anymore. So, it's really going to be highly circumstantial as to whether or not there's the potential to get a deal done. And it will only get done based upon mutual recognition that the world has changed and prices need to change accordingly.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. So, John always good to talk to you. It's our responsibility to educate, whether it be existing partners or potential partners and we're doing the work, as we speak of making sure that they understand not only the nature of our capital, which you're absolutely right, John, it is permanent, but also the cost -- the comparative cost of it to their, exactly your point, to their weighted average cost of capital. If you take their current yields to worst on their benchmark bonds, and then take their implied cost of equity, most of our would be -- and existing partners are looking at weighted average cost of capital that tend to be in the 10%, 11% range, right? And needless to say with good quality assets under the right leases, we can beat the hell out of that cost at the right cap rate, a cap rate that's very accretive to us, but representing capital that is very attractively priced for them. And that's again against their weighted average cost to capital. As I alluded to earlier in the call, John, there are situations where their debt in some cases is trading so wide and probably unfairly wide that in there will be cases where we can even beat the cost of debt, never mind the way -- the blended cost of debt and equity.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. Thank you, operator. And thanks to all of you. We're sorry to keep you a little long, but it's great to engage with all of you and we look forward very much to talking with you again next quarter. Bye for now.
David Kieske: Hey, Tony, it's David. Good to talk to you. It's really an opportunistic use of the ATM. And as I mentioned, we put it under the forward agreement. So, with the inclusion in the S&P 500 index, we saw elevated volumes in a level and a priced -- share price that we thought made sense to raise a little equity just for the -- given the current state of the environment and enhance our overall liquidity.
David Kieske: The gross was $360 million 7.04? Sorry Smedes. The gross number was $367.4 million and the net was $360 million. So, these were market fees.
David Kieske: Wes, this is David. Good to talk to you. I mean, I missed a little tail end of that, but let try to just address …
David Kieske: Max. Thank you. So, well, it depends on the project. We are actively working with all of our tenants. They understand that, that we have the partner property growth fund and that we have the ability to invest into their assets, as we talked about on this call and this serves as an attractive source of funding for our tenants. So somewhat depends on the project. The Venetian, for example, we committed a billion dollar to the partner property growth fund, and that billion dollars could go into the -- or the continuation of the funding of the hotel that was stopped in 2008. It could go into some other expansion ideas and renovation ideas that the Apollo team has. And we hope that some of that may start later this year, but it's again, all up to our tenants and their timing. And then in terms of the deployment of that, the nice thing about the partner property growth fund, it's important that does not come all at once. If it's a new hotel tower or we take the Mirage where Hard Rock coming in and we've committed up to $1.5 billion, if they so choose to use that money, that's a 12, 18, 24-month redevelopment timeline where we get to -- going to deploy that capital on a monthly basis, not having to go to the market to raise large amounts of capital day one. So, it's a flow business for VICI, and attractive funding source for VICI. In terms of max size, that's -- we want to be cognizant of the development risk. At the end of the day, we are not the developer, but our capital obviously is going into projects that are being developed. And it'll depend on where that capital is, whether it's in gaming, non-gaming, if it's on the Strip or if it's regional. So, we're going to be cognizant of the total size, but right now I don't have a threshold for you. But we're going to -- we're excited to use it. We're excited to help our tenants grow.
David Kieske: Barry, it's David. Good to talk to you. As Ed alluded to, and as we talked about a lot, right, the gaming customer will always game. And one of the things that's going on in our underwriting more specifically is obviously there's been a ramp up in EBITDAR over the last -- post COVID. EBITDAR is much greater than it was in 2019 and before. And so one of the things that we're working with, anything we evaluate is what is the true run rate? What is -- where does the margin settle out? And I think, we're all comfortable that EBITDAR is going to be greater than 2019, but is it really going to be double or triple, or is it more, one in three quarters times or two times. And so, we're spending a lot of time with the operators on their belief of the future -- the market, and it all depends on the market, the asset and the opportunity. And in terms of credit quality, that's of us -- a big focus of us and with our master leases, our corporate guarantees and knowing the operators, the way that John and Danny and team know the operators we're able to underwrite the overall opportunity. And we talked about the acquisition environment. We continue to believe our ability to put points on the board here as we go forward.
John Payne: Yeah. RJ, good morning. You're giving me a heart attack already, RJ, for moving more than we've already -- more than we've already done. But look, RJ, I think your observations are good, but as good as we are doing right now, we need to continue to be disciplined in our approach to evaluating opportunities, and making sure we're meeting our investment criteria. I can assure you, and as Ed said in his opening marks, we've added resources to the development team. Not only our expertise in gaming, but we've added Kellan Florio as our Chief Investment Officer who is going to focus on non-gaming. So, more to come here, but we hear you and we're out there, turning over every rock of opportunity.
John Payne: Look, we feel great about Caesars, under the leadership of Tom Reeg. As you all know, we helped support them when they were El Dorado taking over the company. They had a business plan in place and they've executed it in a very disciplined way on the bricks and mortar facilities. Would we continue to do -- find opportunities to work together? We hope so. We hope that they continue to perform well, and we find opportunities to help them grow their facilities. And they've been very good partners to us, and I hope they feel that we've been good partners to them.
John Payne: Well, I'm going to kind of -- sound like I'm repeating myself here, but Smedes, it's nice to talk to you this morning. I mean, if you look at Las Vegas right now, Smedes, just where there could be a lot of this capital deployed, in my opening remarks I talked about the growth in Las Vegas. In May, it was 41%. GGR up over 2019 and then the June numbers came out this morning and in June grew 23% year-over-year. So, again, we have to be aware of the macro conditions going on, but there are some markets such as Las Vegas that are seeing tremendous growth. The consumer continues to visit. In my opening remarks I talked about the record number of passengers declining in Las Vegas in the month of June. And so, if you are an operator and you have a facility in Las Vegas, you can see it is a town that is growing and there could be opportunities to deploy capital creatively. And as Ed mentioned in his remarks as well, or in his comments about Las Vegas, it is a town that we have 660 acres and we'd love to continue to grow there.
John Payne: Yeah. Neil. Good morning. It's good to talk to you. I don't know if I have a specific category you've heard us talk about, we love the indoor water park business, the theme park business, family entertainment centers. There's parts of sports that I think are quite interesting that we're studying and parts of fitness that we're continuing to study. And as you mentioned, we're really pioneering some areas here that have not traditionally worked with a REIT. And so, we're working on different structures as Ed talked earlier in his comments that will eventually turn into real estate ownership. So I don't have a specific area, but it is nice to have an additional resource, because it's clearly and Kellan short time being with us, a little over eight weeks, our funnel has gotten a lot wider and we have the -- we've had the opportunity to talk to more companies domestically and internationally.
John Payne: Yeah. Barry, it's good to talk to. I don't think we have a specific number. I think we've been clear that the magnitude of gaming assets and the magnitude of EBITDA that they generate are significantly higher than what we've seen in the non-gaming space. So, we may end up doing more non-gaming transactions, but they may not add up to the quantity of rent, so to speak of just one or two gaming assets. So, we're continuing to work on this. You can hear me talk and you can hear Ed talk, hear David talk in our remarks that we are spending more time in a variety of areas in the experiential space. But we don't have a specific number today of how large that will be or what percentage will be of our total portfolio. But I think as we refine this over the coming years under Kellan's leadership, we'll have a better idea of the segments of business that we'll go into and how big they can be.
John Payne: And Ronald, I'll just add that. If you had asked us this question last quarter, we've probably added two or three other categories that we're now studying. So, the TAM is going to continue to, to ebb and flow as we continue to find new categories that our capital could be put to work.
John Payne: Yeah. We've been on the road for -- Kellan started, as I said, eight weeks ago in his first week, he was with me on a trip to Europe to look at numerous assets. We've spent some time in Canada as well. We like the country of Australia. So, we are out and about better understanding opportunities. Again, as Ed mentioned earlier, not only in non-gaming, but the opportunities in our core of gaming. So, we're active in these spaces right now and the funnel is just going to get wider as we've added more resources to our development team.
John Payne: Yeah. Good to hear from you, Spencer. As you know, we never comment on specific deals that are out there, but I think you're asking us, are we aware of the Crown Resorts and do we like a market like Australia and would we partner with a company like Blackstone, which obviously we have in a couple different occasions in gaming and a non-gaming. So, the answer is, would we have interest in those areas? Absolutely. We think they're wonderful assets. We think that Blackstone is a great operator. But is there an opportunity for us today? I can't comment on that, but those are areas that we would've interest in.
