David Kieske: Yes. Great to talk to, Tony. Just to level set, our first maturity or next maturity comes due in May 1, 2024, for the $1.50 billion of 5.625 notes that come due. So we have no maturities due in 2023. And I think we'll continue to focus on bringing the leverage back down to 5x and 5.5x. And just to remind everybody, when we consummated the MGP acquisition we worked with the agencies and help them understand the merits of the deal, and they were thrilled with the transaction, given the diversity and allowing us to take leverage up just north of our 5 and 5.5 guidepost.  And so as you saw us do at the end of last year and with the significant free cash flow we have in the business, we'll over-equitize some of the smaller acquisitions, use free cash flow to fund some of the smaller acquisitions and the loan fundings that we have. And then as we navigate potentially larger transactions, we look to match fund that as efficiently as possible. But again, with the goal of bringing leverage over time back down to 5x to 5.5x.
David Kieske: Yes, Steve, that end of your question has the key, right? What's the currency risk and what's the tax leakage and then underwriting a yield that makes sense to take that into account. And we did that with the PURE Canadian transaction. And as John mentioned, we're learning about other parts of the globe and where our capital can make sense. I mean it's and then where we can efficiently structure transactions that work for both sides.
David Kieske: Yes. Barry, I can start, and John chime in with anything I missed. But look, we went in -- we've looked at this asset over a period of a number of years, and I think it's a phenomenal asset and even better backed by the equity support of the Koch Industries. And then the Soffer organization, we’ll have the vision and get it open towards the end of this year. So there's nothing formal in terms of our relationship in terms of a path to real estate ownership. But when you act as good partners, and you'll help support other partners' objectives. That leads to more opportunities and just the size and scale of industries and everything that they have and the size of their real estate book, especially focused in leisure and hospitality, we think there could be more things to come in the future, and we're excited to partner with them and be involved with that project.
David Kieske: Yes. The rates are not locked in, Wes, so it's part of the negotiation. When we obviously announced Hard Rock's acquisition of the Mirage, we said we'd be happy to commit up to $1.5 billion of our Partner Property Growth Fund or even more if they needed it, but that would all be subject to negotiation in terms of final terms, rate, structure, timing.
David Kieske: Ron, it's David. Nice to talk here. It's all driven by -- well, said differently the way, we modeled the escalator in November with Caesars is 2%. We do not make any predictions about the future. My counsel next to me would be very upset. And then -- so the acquisitions, as I mentioned in my remarks, are all baked in, including the PURE deal, which closed in early January as well as the reconsolidation in early January as well. And then it does not include Rocky Gap, which is still outstanding.
David Kieske: Todd, it's David. Good to talk to you. I mean as a net lease REIT, obviously, we're a spread investor, and we have to ensure that we receive an appropriate spread for the risk of the investment and to factor the location and the asset, the tenant, the business and taking that all into account in our underwriting. And the last part of your question there is spot on, right? And you've heard this from other net lease REITs, right? There's still a bid-ask spread for a lot of folks in terms of what they think the asset is worth and what we can actually acquire that with an appropriate rent coverage and generate an attractive return -- attractive risk-adjusted returns. So I would tell you we're being more diligent in terms of underwriting the business, the proof of concept, the longevity of concept, everything that we've talked about since day one of this company. Is there an enduring experience the consumers are going to go to over time. And so we're spending more time and going deeper on some certain sectors where we think there's some opportunities and larger growth opportunities going forward in those sectors.
David Kieske: So we expect that to be wide. I mean we always want to generate 100 basis points to 150 basis points spread to our cost of capital. It's kind of what we set as a preliminary benchmark, now that can be higher at times or it can be lower at times depending on the quality of the asset, the operator or a riskier asset and riskier operator or locations in the country.
David Kieske: Yes, Jay, it's David. I mean with our capital, we always want to find what makes sense at the right point in time with ideally a path to real estate ownership. And as I mentioned earlier, we do not have a direct path to real estate ownership with the Fontainebleau, but we developed a phenomenal relationship with Koch and Soffer that could lead to other opportunities. But as we've talked about with our Partner Property Growth Funds with other -- we talked with other gaming operators and non-gaming operators above ground-up development. We are doing that with Canyon Ranch. We're doing that with -- in a forum with Cabot in the golf opportunities. So the nice thing about our capital, it is flexible. It can come into different parts of the capital stack, so to speak. But again, ideally, we have a path to real estate ownership over the long term where we can continue to generate the types of returns and growth that we've done in our first 5 years.
John Payne: Hey, Tony, good to talk to you this morning. We're fortunate to have tenants right now that are doing extremely well. I think those on the phone who follow the gaming industry are watching the results coming out of Las Vegas, in particular, or if they're not all-time records, they're close to all-time records. So we continue to be thoughtful in our conversations with our tenants, and they continue to look longer term about how they grow their business, and we're there to have those conversations and hopefully be part of their growth plans with, as you mentioned, our Property Growth Fund.
John Payne: Yes, Steve, good to talk to you this morning. I'd say a little bit is we've gotten more mature as a company, and we talked to you all before about adding resources to our organizations, which then allows us to go out around the world and look at opportunities. I wouldn't say there's better opportunities internationally than domestically. I'd simply say we're able to learn more about different countries and the opportunities that are out there right now. As Ed started out this answering this question, we're being very thoughtful in anything we do right now in our underwriting. But again, we've got resources now that allow us to go and look all over the world for opportunities, not only in gaming, but in certain experiential sectors that we really like.
John Payne: Smedes, nice to talk to you this morning. I just spent time with all our Las Vegas operators over the past couple of weeks. And as you started out by saying the business continues to be very strong, robust. And the beauty of Las Vegas is that they're seeing growth and demand from all those different segments. That's what makes Las Vegas so special that they get the international gamer. They get the domestic gamer. They have the meeting business that's coming back. They have [FIT] business. And the operators there continue to add resources and add assets to their facilities. We just can't say enough about our tenants that are there and the performance that they're having, and they see -- they do not see a slowdown in their business. And then later this year, they're probably at one of the biggest weeks and weekends that they've ever had with Formula One coming and then they're going to turn the year in '24 and go right into the Super Bowl. So it's a city like no other, we talk internally is there a city performing better than Las Vegas in the world, and we're not sure we can find one. And all the credit goes to our tenants and the way they are marketing that city and their properties
John Payne: Barry, it's John. Yes. Very good to talk to you this morning. really more a question for our tenant on that. But Jim Allen and the Hard Rock team just took the business over earlier this year. They're getting used to the property, understand their property, understanding demand, understanding how busy Las Vegas is right now, which is great. And the last communication is they're studying their plan, working through this year, and we'll be in contact with them over the next coming months, and we'll have a better idea of what the ultimate timing and what their ultimate plans will be. So nothing new than last time we talked about this.
John Payne: Yes, John, a very good question. But it's not new to VICI, right? I mean part of what we're proud of is that we've taken the time to go talk to all the operators inside the gaming industry and hopefully, over the next 5 years and most of the experiential companies whether you're big, whether you're small, whether you're private, whether you're public, we take the time to understand how they're trying to grow their company. And is there a possibility for us in our form of capital to help them grow. And so that won't change as Ed just went through the next 5 years and what won't change. I think that's this curiosity that we have as a business development team to get to know it may be a small company, and it may be a small deal, but we're hoping that over the course of our time together with them, we take a small deal and we make it bigger, we help a small company become larger. And you're going to continue to see that. You've seen it since we started the company, and I think you'll continue to see us do deals with smaller private companies. And I believe you'll see us continue to do deals with large public companies, and that will allow us to continue to grow our business as we expect.
John Payne: Yes, I don't have a specific number on that right now. I would tell you as I talked earlier in this call about adding resources to our organization, to our business development team. So what I would tell you is that we're active or more active in deal flow than we ever have done before. It's obviously an uncertain time. We have to be incredibly thoughtful in any type of deal that we do in the underwriting that we do. But we've been able to expand not only in gaming, and you heard me talk about public companies and private companies. But in many of the sectors that we've talked in previous calls about. So we're touching more companies, we're meeting more companies than we ever have done before. We're explaining how our capital ultimately can help those companies grow. But I don't have the exact size for you. I don't know if Danny is on the call and wanted to add anything to my answer.
John Payne: Yes, David, good to talk to you this morning. And as Ed alluded to, in our view is the opportunity with Caesars to our put/call opportunity with two Indianapolis assets that are performing incredibly well. That put/call is kind of live right now, and we'll see how that ultimately plays out. But that is a really nice opportunity that we hope we can bring into our portfolio in the coming years. And then obviously, I've spent a lot of time on this call already talking about the numerous relationships that we're building in gaming and in non-gaming. And I hope part of our growth will be with our existing tenants, whether that's an opportunity as they grow into new jurisdictions like New York or as Ed mentioned, maybe Texas will break at some point. And I hope it's also growth with new tenants as well.
John Payne: Right. That's exactly right, David. I mean, we continue just as we're building relationship with commercial operators we're getting out and meeting with many native American nations just to let them understand who we are, how we could help them grow in the commercial opportunities when if that's what their mission is to. So I'm spending a lot of time on the road doing that and letting them understand VICI and we already have partners with three native-American nations
Edward Pitoniak: It definitely has, Steve, and good to talk to you. The lack of visibility right now almost equals opacity. And you just need a week like this one in the markets to be reminded, in case you need a reminder as to how uncertain things are. So as John spoke of, we really have so much confidence right now in our operators, and we believe our gaming operators are going to continue to do very well for a host of reasons, particularly having to do with the demand drivers that Vegas enjoys for at least the next couple of years. But when it comes to the access to and cost of capital, we have to be as silver as everyone else has to be about the fact that obviously, credit conditions have tightened, we have definitely benefited from a cost advantage on cost of equity given how well we performed. But we certainly need to be careful about underwriting yields that probably do need to be higher than they've been over the last couple of years. And we also have to be very mindful if we're in consumer discretionary, which we are as to what a tenant's performance might be under different operating scenarios, should we see soft lending, hard landing, prolonged soft, prolonged hard landing. We also have -- need to be mindful of inflation. But we obviously do enjoy versus many of our REIT peers, certainly net lease REIT peers, the advantage of some CPI protections that definitely benefit our investors this year in 2023.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So you're right, Smedes, we won't comment on any specific situations. But we have talked in the past on our earnings call and in our investor engagements about our interest in the theme park space. We think it has an awful lot of attributes to remind us in very good ways of our gaming investments. These are very complex assets. They're very large-scale assets. They're very capital-intensive assets. They have proven themselves over decades. What we also find interesting about the theme park landscape in the U.S. is it is really an un-networked landscape. You have hubs, obviously, in the form of Anaheim and Orlando, and you have spokes in terms of the regional theme park operators, but they're not connected and that kind of puzzles us and can't help thinking, well, geez, what would the power be if you could ever connect these things? And we'll see if anything ever comes to that. But yes, it is a category and experiential category that we believe has real investment merits for us, both strategically and economically.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, Wes, thanks for the question. David is best equipped to answer this. And I don't think David heard it quite clearly.
Edward Pitoniak: I was just going to say, needless to say, the pricing of capital right now is an exercise that is not easy to carry out. Obviously, having a forward view of the cost of capital in the future and then pricing our capital to a borrower or a partner. It's not an easy exercise. And go ahead, Wes.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. David just covered the ears of Samantha Gallagher, RGC. Yes, John. Well, we -- okay, so to be really forthright, if 5 years ago, if you had said, okay, I want your prediction for the next 5 years ahead, I would not have predicted what we had done. We always had a conviction that we had a wonderful opportunity to institutionalize the real estate asset class that had not really yet been institutionalized. And we think so much of the story of this first 5 years, so much of our outperformance, 2x the S&P 500, 2x the NASDAQ. I probably should have mentioned that as well as hot as the NASDAQ was during much of that period, crazily hot at times. The NASDAQ performance over that 5 years was dead on the S&P 500 performance, and we beat them both by 2x, right? So as we look ahead, we certainly cannot base our strategy on continuing that kind of outperformance because to base our strategy on that kind of outperformance might involve -- would likely involve taking risk, so we're not sure we should take in terms of creating and sustaining value for our investors. So what you'll see us do over the next 5 years is continue to grow categorically, continue to grow geographically, do accretive deals be willing to over-equitize in the way David spoke of at the beginning and answering Tony's question and just make sure that we never put the value we've created together with our investors at risk. One of the great benefits. Or I shouldn't say one of the great benefits. One of the great drivers of our outperformance over the first 5 years is we never went backward for sustained periods. We obviously had volatility as everybody else did over that 5 years. We never went backward and stayed there for a long time. And we don't want to start doing that in the next 5 years. So I think you'll see us be disciplined in how we allocate capital. And in order to do that, we'll be disciplined in how we underwrite. And always look to learn from REITs who have succeeded in doing what we want to attempt to do. So whether it's a Prologis in terms of how they've grown internationally, whether it's great ideas and how you grow categorically. Like full marks to Sumit and the Realty Income team for the deal they announced this week on Plenty. Like that kind of deal making on the part of our peers really inspires us because it is evidence of how to think creatively and innovatively in developing into new categories. So I think that's what you can expect of us over the next 5 years, John.
Edward Pitoniak: But -- and Ron, if I understand your question right, there is no question that the rent escalation that kicked in, in November for Caesars, and I believe it's January for Century definitely plays a role in generating that 10% AFFO growth. But to David's point, we obviously have -- toward the end of this year, we've only underwritten base level rent growth. We do not presume any kind of -- we do not make any CPI assumptions for forward rent, if that's of any help. And we don't include any unclosed acquisitions, just to be clear or on loans that do not have fixed draw schedules yet.
Edward Pitoniak: I would just add a little bit more to that, Ron. The last time we saw that the American commercial, I want to emphasize, commercial gaming sector was about 40% REITed that would contrast, say, with the mall space, which I believe is 70% plus REITed. The other thing to keep in mind is that we do have an American tribal gaming sector that is equal in size to American regional gaming. And we are now three or four tribal relationships, John and Danny. And that is a sector where those -- that sector is led by operators. We're very eager to do more business with in all the ways we can possibly think of. The thing I'll finally add is that there are obviously new jurisdictions opening up to gaming. And we just saw a headline this morning about Governor Abbott of Texas saying, if we're going to get gaming in Texas, I want it to be -- how did he put it, John? Great Wolf Lodge type of gaming. I can't remember exactly how -- yes. And we read that headline, we go that’s great because we're already in business with Great Wolf, and we definitely are in business in gaming. So you look at a market like Texas and needless to say, we get quite excited given the capital allocation opportunities, a market like that could represent
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. David, if I could add one more thought in relation to this, and it's something we haven't talked about on this call. But when it comes to being a growth-oriented REIT and when it comes to being a REIT, that will likely continue to access the capital markets, there is really no question in our minds and don't think there should be any question in anybody's mind as to the advantages of scale when it comes to access to the capital markets. And I think what you could see over the next few years is an increasing bifurcation or a barbell effect emerging across the American REIT landscape, where great advantages accrue to the biggest REIT with the most compelling value-creation stories because their access to capital in large volumes will be highly superior. You'll always have the small REITs that can produce significant growth in their early years. But the problem is you can reach a no-man's land of what we'll call mid-cap REITs, where it's really -- it's tough to access capital and high volumes and it gets a little bit tougher to produce material growth year-over-year-over-year. And we think at the scale we're at now, as I believe, the ninth largest REIT in the RMZ, it definitely brings advantages when it comes to access to and cost of capital. And sorry, I'll turn it back to you for your next question, David.
Edward Pitoniak: I would say, Todd, that our interest in nongaming hasn't diminished at all even amidst this lack of visibility around the consumer economy because of our strong conviction around the secular tailwinds of experiential businesses. We have seen with COVID, finally, starting to leave the landscape that what had been in place for the prior 10 years or so, 15 years prior to COVID, which was the increasing consumer preference for experiences over things, has definitely reasserted itself. And we don't think that, that's going to diminish. We think the aging of the baby boom into their prime leisure years, we think millennial family formation. Those are demographic waves, together with this increasing preference for experiences over things, is going to give experiential operators across a number of spectra really compelling growth opportunities and very strong economic performance, almost no matter what cyclicality looks like.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, it category by category, Jay -- and Elliot, this is just a heads up. This will have to be the last question. These categories, there are so many of them and so many of them run into the many, many tens of millions of dollars of growth opportunities, some larger, some smaller. But it is a landscape -- an experiential landscape that we feel represents decades of growth ahead for VICI.
Edward Pitoniak: And Jay, thank you for that question, Elliot. I think we will close things out now. And I'll just -- for those of you who haven't heard enough about VICI today, as just flash across the screen on CNBC, I will on Mad Money in the night, in case you haven't heard enough. And with that, thank you all for your time today and really appreciate your attention to VICI and we're very excited about the value creation opportunities we have ahead of us. That's it for now. Thank you.
