John Payne: Thanks Ed. Good afternoon to everyone. As Ed highlighted, 2019 was a transformative year for VICI, our investors and our team. Over the course of the year, we were by far the most active, and led the gaming REIT sector and acquisition activity. Indeed, we were the only game REIT to announce arm length transactions in 2019. In total, we announced $4.9 billion of transactions across regional and Las Vegas assets, at a blended 7.9% cap rate. Including the pending Eldorado transaction, we increased our annualized rent by approximately 45%. Doubled our roster of best-in-class tenants, and demonstrated consistent, accretive acquisition activity for the third consecutive year. We believe our independence focus on relationships and ability to structure creative transactions that worked for VICI and our partners over the long term will only add to our momentum for years to come. During the fourth quarter on December 6, we closed the acquisition of three regional properties with Century Casinos. This $278 million transaction adds $25 million of annual rent under a master lease, representing an attractive 9% cap rate. This transaction has important strategic significance and that, it creates a partnership with Century Casino, an expert operator of small to midsize assets with ambitions to grow their U.S. platform, and demonstrates that we can partner with operators of all sizes. Just a few weeks ago on January 24th, we closed on the acquisition of JACK Cleveland Casino and JACK Thistledown Racino and a sale-leaseback transaction with Jack Entertainment. We paid a total of $843 million and added $65.9 million of annual rent to our portfolio through a master lease, which represents an attractive 7.8% cap rate for urban core real estate in Ohio, one of the fastest growing regional markets in the country. Additionally on January 15th, we announced the disposition of Harrah's Reno for $50 million. Not only will we receive $37.5 million of gross proceeds for the sale, we will also have no change to the existing annual rent under the master lease with Caesars. This is a great example of how VICI works constructively with our tenants while redeploying the sale of proceeds towards other attractive growth opportunities. As we head further into 2020, the transaction environment remains active, and we see plenty of opportunity, both within and outside the gaming industry. We also remind you that we have worked diligently to secure an embedded growth pipeline that ensures the company maintains visible, long term growth. Upon the closing of the Eldorado transaction, this embedded pipeline includes, two row four opportunities on the Las Vegas strip assets, a put-call option on two high quality assets in the growing Indianapolis gaming market, a ROFR on the world class Caesars Forum Convention Center in Las Vegas, and an additional ROFR on an urban core casino in Baltimore. We believe VICI remains in a great position to capitalize on opportunities that the market presents, and we will continue to put your capital to work, growing our portfolio, accretively, building a world-class REIT and driving superior shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to David who will discuss our balance sheet and guidance.
John Payne: And now I think Ed described it very well. I mean, we can't be a company that started three years ago and talked about what great real estate these gaming assets are, and not expect there to be the others who noticed that. And so it's a great time in this space and operators are understanding how REIT can help them grow their business. So it's great.
John Payne: I didn't know I was allowed to take a pause. But no, I think we are operating in the same way that we've been operating since we started the company. We're out and then started this call about relationship building and making sure people understand how we would structure a deal or look at a deal. So, yes, we've got this great transaction that we hope to close by the middle of this year with Eldorado and we obviously have spent a long time developing our embedded pipeline, but that doesn't stop us from continuing to grow the company where we see unique opportunities with great real estate.
John Payne: Well, you can see from when we started the company a couple of years ago that we've been on a mission to diversify our tenant base. And I think we've done a good job in a short period of time, but we're not done yet. So, as Ed started his comments, this is about building relationships, understanding the operators and how we may help them continue to grow. So I don't know if that exactly answers your question. But we are still looking for opportunities not only with our growth pipeline as you talked about but outside that with new operators in gaming and outside gaming as Ed mentioned.
Stephen Grambling: Good afternoon. Thanks for all the color on the guidance. David, to simplify you. You filed an 8-K along with one of the recent financing transactions outlining I believe is $1.85 and pro forma FFO per share for all the transactions you have in process. Can you just talk to the puts and takes of this pro forma number as we think about what has changed since that filing which included excluding also compare and contrast this to the guidance for $1.50 to $1.54? Thanks.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe an unrelated follow up. So now that you've had a little bit more news and action in the space from private equity and MGM, but also one of your peers, are you seeing any change in the opportunities set for gaming deals in other words, are owners changing their view of real estate value, and their willingness to think about monetizing that? Thanks.
Stephen Grambling: Thank you for taking me back in. One quick one. You mentioned being effectively partners in capital allocation with your tenants. I guess a broader question around the right CapEx requirements for any of the properties that you own or otherwise. Is any kind of rules of thumb given your background in the industry that you would point to is really being the right level of maintenance CapEx for your properties? Thank you.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Steven, this is Ed. I’ll start off and turn it over to David. Yes. What you've cited is a number that represents an annualized run rate, once the Eldorado transaction closes and that again I must emphasize does not constitute our 2020 guidance. Our 2020 guidance which David just shared with you obviously does not include the impact of the Eldorado closing. We obviously do not yet know with precision exactly when our Eldorado transaction will close, and when the new rent will start coming in. But once the new rents starts coming in, if you annualize that over the forward 12 months, you get to a number very much like the number that you picked up on in the offering memorandum in the high yield document. And as to how that might or might not have changed any since then, I'll turn it over to David and he can address any other technicalities here.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, I'll start off, and turn it over to John, Stephen. Yes absolutely. We're seeing increased interest in the sector which we have always hoped for and wished for. We cannot claim that this is a sector deserving institutionalization and potential cap rate compression if there's not increased better interest in it. That is fundamental to any institutionalization or cap rate compression story. And as operators or asset controllers have seen this level of activity and have seen the valuations they are understanding the role that REITs can play in helping them grow their store count or crystallized value. And I'll turn it over to John for more….
Edward Pitoniak: I mean, we'll certainly be open minded about it, Smedes. If in a given situation, we could get the best outcome for our shareholders by partnering with another capital provider, we absolutely would. I would just maybe, I guess, maybe a bit of a nuance. But what you have seen is the entrance technically have not private equity, you've seen the entrance of a non-traded REIT. And there is a difference there. And so far as a non-traded REIT, like high quality -- non-traded REIT like the Blackstone REIT is unlike a private equity player. Unlikely to say, okay, five, seven years from now we're getting out. The B REIT, as it's known is really a permanent capital vehicle. And we think that it is permanent institutional real estate capital that has come in as opposed to private equity per say.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. As we think about future acquisitions obviously our playbook to-date and we'll continue this playbook as upon announcement of a transaction. If there's a requirement for equity, we would go to the market that day and raise equity match fund the equity side. But just to clarify. The debt proceeds or the debt offering that we've done to date, all that's been earmarked either for the Eldorado transaction or the refinancing, the second leans that happened today. And so the ATM again was just an efficient use -- efficient way to access the equity markets and raise a little additional capital for the active transaction pipeline we have.
Edward Pitoniak: We really never look at these deals that there's less competition especially back to our opening remarks about how attractive this real estate is and how we've been communicating that since we started the company. So at least from our philosophy how we go into looking at a deal especially one that we know is on the market, I don't think we approach it to say there's less competition today than there has been in the past.
Edward Pitoniak: I don't know if it's because of the last activity that you're talking about and they're seeing that their opco multiples are going up. I think it's just a matter of as we've said before, as more people are educated on this space, they're understanding how a REIT can fit into their portfolio. How we can help them, grow their businesses. So I think you maybe seeing some of that. I'm not sure necessarily it has to do with the stock price moving on the opcos or the propcos right now, I think its just a matter. There's been years now of helping folks to understand that.
Edward Pitoniak: And I think there's increasing understanding through the work we're doing, as well as our colleague in the sector are better understanding, Dan, around how to think about the capital we provide, whether in a sale-leaseback or by partnering some -- with someone when it comes to helping them increase their store count by partnering with them on their purchase of the opco and our purchase of the propco. And I think there's a greater and greater understanding that we are a permanent capital provider. The capital we provide does not have a maturity date. It does not need to be paid back. And I think as everyone thinks over the long-term about how they're managing their own capital structures and the risks associated with their capital structures, they realized the value of not having large bullet maturities to the extent that doing either sale-leaseback with a gaming REIT or partnering with the gaming REIT to acquire an opco accreatively, enables them to reduce their risk profile over time when it comes to again the laddering of their liability.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Again, I think it would be in the context of that that, if you will that four lens framework I spoke of regarding cyclicality, there's secular threat, supply/demand balance and durability they experienced, certainly the theme park business looked at broadly is a business that has certainly proven its durability over time. The supply/demand balance tense to be pretty healthy and so far as these are very expensive asset to build. I don't know when we last had a Greenfield asset in the theme park, American theme park sector. It is again not something Amazon can ship to your house. And generally speaking, especially drive to theme parks have tended to whether economic downturns quite well. So it would be representative of the kind of experiential center -- sector, sorry, that takes those boxes.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Our board certainly wouldn't let us get very far if we came along and say, yes, you know that $1.85 was actually now $1.83 because we just did a bad deal. Not that we will bring anything like that to the board in the first place, but I can tell you they wouldn't certainly say Pasco. Now, we're always going to be really determined to generate accretion. It is what our investor deserve. It is how value gets created. And frankly RJ, it's how we get paid. We get paid on total return. And needless to say, total return is likely to suffer whenever we do a deal that causes our FFO per share to decline on a per share basis.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. And I think in fairness, RJ. We feel for everybody in the work they have to do out there like you do, because VICI has been a case of many moving parts and a lot of complexity over the last, especially whatever it is now, nine, 10 months since we announced our transformative deal with Eldorado. To unfairness to everybody, it's been hard to piece things together. But what we did achieve with the January financing, I guess, it closed in early February was cost of funding clarity for every dollar that ends up paying for the Eldorado deal. Is that's a good way to put it, David.
Edward Pitoniak: Well, it depends on which ROFRs you're talking about. I assume you're talking about the Las Vegas ones. And I think that -- this is one where we're going to be prepared, should Tom and its really up to Caesars and Tom Reeg running that business. If they would like to transact on one of those we're going to be prepared to do that, whether that's in later 2020 or on further years.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Well, Ricardo, I'll start and then John can add in. First of all, we obviously don't -- as a practice, we do not comment on rumors, and we don't really speculate on hypotheticals. I think what we'll just emphasize to you is that Caesars has built a magnificent new convention center in back of Harrah's Las Vegas which we obviously owned and we encourage everybody to be there. Try to be there in April, John, because.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, it will. Yes, it will. So, sorry, we can't help you out on the rumors of this or any kind of hypotheticals Ricardo, but we will just leave it at it is a beautiful structure upon which we do have what you refer to which is a put-call agreement [ph] with Caesars.
Edward Pitoniak: Well, I think as a guiding principles, John, if you're going to be the real estate owner of an asset, the thing you most want is for the operator or the tenant, the occupant to be as successful as possible and is absolutely comfortable and confident with their own economics as possible, because it's just simply never all that good to have a tenant operating really on a tight margin literally or figuratively. So, we would always obviously talk to anyone and everybody about how to be helpful to them as a capital partner, as a real estate partner, but I think as you may be heard us say in the past, we kind of live by an adage, talk to us by our Board Member, Craig MacNab, which is that the rent should be as low as possible as a percentage of the operators economics. And so obviously the greater the degree to which the asset has stabilized and revealed what is likely to be its run rate economics, the more confident both the operator and the real estate owner can be in their underwriting such that the resulting opco, propco arrangement, the resulting lease is highly sustainable.
Edward Pitoniak: You know I'll just add maybe put it in the context. As we've revealed or disclosed in our investor deck, our run rate rent once everything closes I think around $1.2 billion.
Edward Pitoniak: $1.25 billion. So obviously a point of that is $12.5 million, right? And so with every deal we can do that might involve say, we're going to take $50 million of rent, right. We can take that down potentially four points, right? So, it's something we work relentlessly on, not simply to diversify for the sake of diversifying. We wouldn't do a bad deal just for the sake of creating any kind of further diversity of the rent role, but certainly in adding the relationships we've added through John's leadership with Penn, with Hard Rock, with Century, with JACK. We've made it for a better portfolio and obviously better risk adjusted returns.
Edward Pitoniak: No. I mean I think you're seeing -- you've seen the transactions that has been out there. Obviously, you're talking about the Blackstone transaction with Bellagio where they paid a 5.75% cap rate when it comes to -- you have to really take this one asset at a time, one location at a time, one region at a time. But we've had again as we've talked a lot on this call, we've had good conversations with potential sellers, and we'll continue to do that.
Edward Pitoniak: They're obviously paying attention. They are also obviously paying attention to the fact that our cost of capital along with the cost of capital of -- our peers is improving as well. And this will be a fluid marketplace. There will be a lot of data points people look at when it comes to estimating or negotiating for value. But again this is something as real estate people were very comfortable with, because it is in the nature of institutionalizing markets that there will be this fluidity. And as long as we can maintain a positive investment spread based on our cost of capital and the income yield that we're buying, we believe we're creating value for our shareholders through creative additions, AFFO per share.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, Steven, I'll just add and given your other coverage areas, this should resonate with you. In my case as somebody has run to hotel REIT, I got to say I like this business model a whole lot better. Because the CapEx belongs to the operator who owns the operating leverage. And it is the operator who will suffer first and suffer most consequentially if they fail to invest in their property and keep it competitive because again they own the operating results. But looked at it in a more positive way the operator gets the reward they deserve to get when they invest in the property and they improve the performance of the property whether through CapEx or improved operations. So we think that this is a much better model for incentivizing and rewarding proper stewardship of the asset by the operator both again in terms of the continuing investment in the property and continuing to improve its performance.
Edward Pitoniak: The way I look at it is as a non-gaming guy, Steven, is that if you look for instance, in Las Vegas, is the capital intensity of a Las Vegas asset higher than the capital intensity of a regional asset. Absolutely yes. The thing you though have to ask at the same time is the revenue intensity of Las Vegas asset had higher than the revenue intensity of a regional asset. And I'm going to put Danny on the spot, because Danny you share with me a statistic for instance as to the revenue productivity per gaming position in Las Vegas versus the regions.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. But there is a multiplier effect in terms of the revenue intensity preposition for instance slot machines I think it was a multiple that was well into the whole numbers as to the revenue intensity per position. So you can support higher CapEx when the asset has a much higher revenue productivity character to it or to put it another way, one of the things I don't think gets paid enough attention to in gaming and frankly other sectors is the revenue to asset ratio. How many pennies of revenue are you producing per dollars of capital deployed? And once you get to Vegas the revenue intensity and thus the revenue to asset ratio I think is very positive.
Edward Pitoniak: Thank you operator and thanks again everybody for your time today. We look forward to providing you an update on our continued progress when we report our first quarter results. And again thank you for making time this late in your day.
David Kieske: Yes, the only thing I'd add Stephen is that it’s an annualized run rate for Eldorado, but for all the other transactions that we have announced obviously we've done a lot in 2019. So with the annualized run rate for Century, for Cleveland, JACK Cleveland Thistle downs. The $1.85 [ph] is based on the pro forma share count that in there, that obviously there's some slight changes to our share count with the ATM 7.5 million shares that we issued under the ATM just recently. So, but the run rate number is a good number based on a full year impact of all the transactions that are pro forma in that number.
David Kieske: Yes. Neither. We just taking advantage of an attractive stock price and a very efficient tool to access the equity markets to make sure that we've got funding for them for our future pipeline or any future needs that do arise.
David Kieske: Yes. It's David. And just as I mentioned in my remarks, the total charge is $110.8 million. We split that 50/50 with Eldorado. So the $58 million that shows up on our income statement is $55.4 [ph], plus some transaction legal fees related to the retirement of that debt.
David Kieske: That's right. Yes. The pro formas in there reflect the recent high yields and obviously the June 2019 equity offering, but again that's not our guidance, that's a pro forma 8-K number.
David Kieske: Absolutely, RJ. I think we've shared with you, REIT has an opportunity to do one bad deal, because after that we won't have access the capital or the support of credit markets or the equity market to continue on. So anything we do will be accretive.
David Kieske: I mean, John, you've seen the -- just earlier this week I think National Retail Properties went down and look at a 30-year bond at low threes. So there's 75 to 100 basis points depending on the conditions of the market that over time we can look to take off our price of debt capital.
David Kieske: I mean the next -- the gating item now, John, is just to get rid of that term loan. It swapped. We're going to swap to rolls out early next year and swap to rolls out in 2023. But the term loan encumbers every one of our assets. So all of our assets are secured by the term loan. And so that the gating item for the agencies and what would trigger us to become -- ultimately allow us to become investment grade rated. So we want to work on repaying that officially and minimizing the breakage cost on those swaps over time.
David Kieske: Yes. It's a very good question and it really depends on the asset that we're talking about. As you can see with the deals that we've done starting with Harrah's Las Vegas, we negotiated $171 million of capital will come in, because we thought it was critically important for that business to grow and the numbers that we are underwriting to add that capital. You really need to take it property by property, age by age, what a new property like JACK, Cleveland or JACK Thistledown, which are brand new properties and what they need and maintenance capital is very different than an asset that had 30 years old and as capital. So it's hard to give the range. But as we look at deals that we do that's the type of stuff that we spend time with on the property with the operator understanding not only their maintenance but their growth capital.
David Kieske: Well, the largest capital expense for maintenance for casinos is the hotel. So if you're in a destination resort, you're most likely going to have a hotel.
David Kieske: John, I mean, we have 60 million shares that reflects the dilutive impact from the forward sale agreements under the treasury stock method. We can walk you through that of the number.
