David Kieske: Thank you, John. It's great to speak with everyone today and we appreciate your time. I want to start with our balance sheet. 2023 exemplifies the continued discipline we have maintained over our six plus years of existence by ensuring that we allocate capital accretively, have a balance sheet and liquidity profile designed to weather all cycles and provide the safety and protection our equity and credit partners deserve. During the year, we raised over $1.6 billion in forward equity. In January of 2023, we raised approximately a $1 billion in gross forward equity proceeds at a $33 price per share. Those proceeds were used throughout the year to accretively fund our transactions. We utilized our ATM program throughout 2023 raising $643 million in gross forward proceeds. That amount includes $390 million which was raised in Q4 through the sale of 13.2 million shares via the forward and remains outstanding today. And subsequent to year-end in Q1 2024, we sold 9.7 million shares raising $306 million in gross proceeds under our ATM via the forward. This brings our total outstanding forward equity to just under $700 million bolstering our overall liquidity. Currently, we have approximately $3.5 billion in total liquidity comprised of $523 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2023, $696 million of proceeds under our outstanding forwards and $2.3 billion of availability under the revolving credit facility. In addition, our revolving credit facility has an accordion option allowing us to request additional lender commitments of up to $1 billion. As we begin 2024, we believe we're extremely well-positioned to navigate the current environment and do not need to raise any incremental capital as we sit here today. In terms of leverage, our total debt is currently $17.1 billion. Our net debt to fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA annualized for a full-year of activity from our recent acquisitions and excluding the impact of unsettled forward equity is approximately 5.5 times within our target leverage range. We have a weighted average interest rate of 4.35% taking into account our hedge portfolio that we utilized in connection with our April 2022 inaugural investment grade offering in a weighted average 5.9 years to maturity. As of December 31, we've entered into a series of forward starting interest rate swap agreements ahead of our May 1, $1.05 billion bond maturity, which has an aggregate notional amount of $500 million. This portfolio has an effective treasury rate of 4.04%. Just touching on the income statement, AFFO per share was $0.55 for the quarter, an increase of 8.8% compared to $0.51 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. For the full-year 2023, AFFO per share was $2.15 an increase of 11.8% compared to $1.93 for the full-year 2022, and as Ed mentioned, making VICI one of the leaders across the S&P 500 REITs. Our results once again highlight our highly efficient triple-net model given the increase in adjusted EBITDA as a proportion of the corresponding increase in revenue and our margins continue to run strong in the high 90% range when eliminating non-cash items. Our G&A was $15.3 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was only 1.6%. This continues to be one of the lowest ratios in not only the triple-net sector but across all REITs. Turning to our guidance. And as you saw in our release last night, we are initiating AFFO guidance for 2024 in both absolute dollars as well as on a per share basis. AFFO for the year ending December 31, 2024 is expected to be between $2.32 billion $2.355 billion or between $2.22 per share $2.25 per share. Based on the midpoint of our 2024 guidance, VICI expects to deliver year-over-year AFFO per share growth of 4%, very attractive starting point as we begin 2024. And just as a reminder, our guidance does not include the impact on operating results from any announced, but unclosed transactions, interest income from any loans that do not yet have final draw structures, possible future acquisitions or dispositions, capital markets activity or other non-recurring transaction or items. And as we've mentioned previously, we record a non-cash CECL allowance on a quarterly basis, which due to its inherent unpredictability leaves us unable to forecast net income and FFO with accuracy. Accordingly, our guidance is AFFO focused as we believe AFFO represents the best way of measuring the productivity of our equity investments in evaluating our financial performance and ability to pay dividends. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Yes. Tony, there's no implied use of proceeds or drawdown. There's a little bit of impact from treasury stock dilution in the ultimate share count, but that's the only impact.
David Kieske: Yes. Caitlin, it's David. Great to hear from you. Thanks for joining today. Look, the nature of our capital is relationship capital and it's where we've been active both as you just mentioned on the loan side as well as the sale leaseback side. And it's as, John talked about in his comments, solving our partners objectives and being a source of growth capital. And sometimes that growth capital comes in the door day one, like you saw with our Homefield opportunity where they're building a facility and going to construct a very, very, very attractive experiential both sports and hotel asset, which will lead to a sale leaseback. So, it's we're always out talking about ways that we can help our partners grow and to kind of put it in a percentage basket of X amount of loans and X amount of sale leasebacks. That's just how we look at it or how we kind of parse our pipeline. It's about finding the great partners that we've talked about on this call.
David Kieske: Hey Ravi, it's David. Good to hear from you. I didn’t, clear caught your question. It's how we think about kind of the spread on those mezz loan, especially around development. Look, we always there's a couple of ways that we look at it and it's a little bit more art than science at the end of the day. But what's the cost of the seniors? Is there a senior lender ahead of us? Are we achieving the right risk adjusted spread to the senior? Obviously, what's the duration of our capital? What's the funding cadence of our capital? And then ultimately, what most every lender looks at, what's the equity sponsor and how much equity is in the transaction and ensuring that we are protected from a credit standpoint at the end of the day and feel good about the project.
David Kieske: Yes. I think you covered it well, but Nick, I mean, it's no different than any other asset class that you're in kind of the broader net lease. You have bid ask spreads and buyers obviously willing sorry, sellers' willingness to transact around in a backdrop where there's the volatility and variability that we've talked about. And so, there's opportunity out there, but it's a no difference in the broader CRE market. It's somewhat of a bit of a quieter environment and just an air of caution cautious on both sides until we kind of figure out where the tenure is going and where the broader economy is going.
David Kieske: Wes, it's David. We will focus on continuing to access the unsecured market and extent our maturity tenure and increase the overall size of our investment grade basket those are legacy and MGP high yield note, so moving those to unsecured investment grade notes benefits our overall credit complex for the long run.
David Kieske: Jake, it's David. We will continue to migrate our leverage down. We're obviously within our target range. And just to recap everybody post MGP, we take the leverage up to 5.8 times and worked very hard to get that back down to 5.5 times at the end of last year. So, that'll continue to drift downward both from over equitization of transactions and then depending on the size leverage neutral transactions.
John Payne: Tony, you can hear from Ed's comments. He spent some time in Las Vegas recently, which I have as well. You asked a question about what sectors and I also think what locations. We obviously have been spending a lot of time in Las Vegas. We're very proud of our partners' success there and it looks like 2024 is going to be a great year as well. And as you heard from my remarks, we continue to look at different target sectors whether in wellness and indoor waterparks, pilgrimage golf, family entertainment center. We made our first investment in youth sports, which we like the mixed use of youth sports. So, I continue to spend my time with my team and really the whole company looking at a variety of these and checking the boxes of which ones could make for long-term investments. And there are some sectors that we don't talk about that we've kind of checked off the list that says this is not right for our capital at this time. But we shouldn’t confuse that the casino business continues to be real focus of our company and one that we are just can't be more proud of the operators and what they've done in ‘23 and what we see in ‘24.
John Payne: But Barry, you touched on, we've been really excited to build relationships with three tribes in the commercial sector and it's something that we can continue to talk with them and other tribal partners that we've gotten to know to see could there be an opportunity to help them grow on their nation's land. But we have primarily been focused with our partners on the commercial sector and we'll continue to study that opportunity because as Ed said, we saw the study of the report that came out as well.
John Payne: Yes. Good morning, Caitlin. Very good question you asked. No question that we continue to meet with our 13 partners currently in gaming and non-gaming and talk about how our capital can help them grow over the coming years. And as Ed alluded to, the boxes that are in I shouldn't even call them boxes in Las Vegas, the amazing resorts we own with partners in Las Vegas could provide with a lot of opportunity in the relatively near future and in the coming years as those partners look to grow whether that's in hotel rooms, new restaurants, new attractions. Ed mentioned obviously the sphere where that sits on our land. We weren't involved in the building or they're not our direct tenant. But we see that as a pillar of growth for our company over the coming years, not only in Las Vegas, but in our regional assets because there are large regional assets whether that's the MGM assets in National Harbor or in Detroit, there are opportunities to grow as well. And then I think your second part of the question is, are we looking to continue to expand our tenant roster? And the answer is, absolutely. Me, my team, Ed, David, Sam, anyone else in the company is out, forging new relationships to see if there's new sectors or new companies that we can use our capital to help them grow. So, I wouldn't be surprised if you see some new operators or new tenants in our roster over the coming year.
John Payne: Yes, Chris, it's John. As when we made the announcement a few months ago, we talked about spending a couple of years studying the youth sports business and we learned a lot in that process. We've also found an amazing partner in Homefield. We announced our first opportunity with them in the Kansas City area and they're building not only the youth sports facility but connected to a Margaritaville Resorts. That's one of the things, I think you'll continue to see is if we place other investments into the youth sports spaces, having numerous cash registers, not just having the fields to rent or the stadiums to rent, but also having connected to one operator who controls the restaurants, who controls the hotel rooms and controls the sports fields. So, this is a $110 millionish initial investment with Homefield. We've not announced any further development not only on that site, which does have opportunity to expand over time, but also other sites around the Midwest or the United States. But as with any partner that we've talked about whether that's with casino partners or with Cabot or Canyon Ranch and now Homefield, we hope that it's not just our only investment with them and we purposely took so much time to study the business to find the right partner to grow.
John Payne: Yes, Greg, and then it comes down, as I mentioned, quality of the sponsors, the amount of equities, the overall loan-to-cost or loan-to-value and then the protections that are obviously ultimately documented in our agreements. But a lot of the sectors and we like our sale leaseback investments, we study the sectors. Indoor water parts, we studied for 18 odd months led by certain members of our team and went deep into that sector before we did anything. And so it's getting gaining conviction whether it be through direct real estate ownership or the lending platform that we have of who the operator is, the durability of the sector and then the ultimate protections that we can put in place.
John Payne: Nick, I won't necessarily talk about the financial performance, but what I will make a comment about is, what a beautiful asset, that was built by the team there, the Coke Industries, the Fontainebleau team, the operating team there that I haven't met anyone that walks through the place and says, oh, this is a, I mean I think most people walk through the place and say, wow, what an amazing place. And I think for those of us who have spent time operating in Las Vegas over the years, it takes time. It takes time to build up a database and it takes time, but they sure do have a facility that I think everyone is proud of and we sure are proud of.
John Payne: Yes. Definitely widening. As there are a few that we're saying, hey, we ultimately not right for us today, there's other opportunities that come about that we study, learn who the operators are, we learn where their locations are, we spend time with them. So, no question the funnel is getting wider.
John Payne: Yes, Wes, it's John. It's nice to talk to you and probably a question for our great partner in Hard Rock on timing, but I think they've as you've probably been following the story, they acquired the operations of the Mirage a little over a year ago from MGM and have been operating, but have also been out getting approvals and designing the opportunity to change the facility from the Mirage to the Hard Rock Las Vegas. As it pertains to timing and budget and construction and that it's probably something that they'll lead that charge. But we, of course, as the owner of the property are excited to watch that asset get repositioned over time. It's obviously an amazing asset for a long period of time, but I think everyone would think of Hard Rock Las Vegas would do great on that site.
John Payne: Dan, nice to talk to you this morning. I'll just go back to our assets in Las Vegas and I don't know how you're describing big hitter. But, if there are opportunities for us to continue to invest in assets that we already own and help the operator grow with accretive new projects, I'll consider that being a big hitting because I'm not sure there's a better place in the world to invest in right now than Las Vegas. Obviously, we've got a portfolio there, but there are some amazing assets Ed referred to the Venetian that has a lot of footprint to continue to be developed. So --
Edward B. Pitoniak: Okay. Another way of putting it, Tony, is we're not assuming any credit or horsepower from the funding and we're taking actually a marginal penalty by virtue of having it on our well, we technically, we don't have it on our balance sheet, but given the treasury stock method.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Well, clearly, Barry, we want to be as opportunistic as we can be within our timing given the inherent nature of a call option. And obviously, that timing will be predicated on what our cost of funding is. And I don't think it would come as any surprise to anybody that we certainly would not choose to exercise our call option if in doing so we were creating dilution, which we don't ever want to do. And so, going back to the theme of, skiing inside a milk bottle, the visibility through 2024 given its current state is such that it's hard to predict with any kind of exactitude exactly when the right time would be.
Edward B. Pitoniak: And Caitlin, let me just add on to that a little bit. Obviously, there have been questions understandably as to VICI, why don't you just do gaming and only gaming? And as we have emphasized in many, many occasions, we are still for all of the time remaining going to be intensely focused on gaming given what a great business within Wichita real estate. But one of the real benefits of investing in other experiential categories is well, first of all, comes with the fact that it's just fundamentally great real estate occupied by operators who offer very rich and profitable experiences to their end customers. So, that's the fundamental reason to invest in other experiential. It's fundamentally good real estate. The second dimension to that is that, it gives us a chance to grow when growth may not be available for gaming. And related to that, and this goes back to your initial question, Caitlin, one of the advantages we see in experiential operators like a Cabot, like a Canyon Ranch, like a Bowlero, like a Great Wolf, is they have network growth opportunities that are not as readily available to our gaming operators. The nature of growth in new stores and gaming is such that it is always subject to very strict regulatory control. For Cabot, as an example, on the other hand, they have a global growth opportunity that can be seized with great energy and does not suffer the restrictions, or the slowing down of cadence that tends to apply to gaming operators attempting to grow their network other than through M&A.
Edward B. Pitoniak: And then to go back to the first part of your question, it will always be a minor percentage of our assets under management and we will use it to forge relationships. We have an example obviously right in front of us of using lending to establish a relationship with Chelsea Piers that led to the acquisition of the primary leasehold interest in December. So, we will use it both as a strategic tool to develop relationships and a strategic tool to create a steadier cadence to our capital allocation. We're very proud of the fact that we got capital out the door every single month in 2023. And I can tell you in our early years, there were whole quarters that went by where we did not get capital out the door, given what was true back then, which was that the nature of our capital allocation was big and lumpy, tied to big lumpy gaming acquisitions. So, it is a tool that can generate growth and return on a very steady basis. It is a strategic tool to forge relationships. And again, given some of the spreads we've been able to achieve in recent years, it is very lucrative, very accretive in driving earnings growth. And again, we're about creating earnings growth that others may not be able to achieve if they're not as energetic and pioneering as we have been both in terms of how we grow the business in terms of asset classes and through the use of our balance sheet.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. Well, as I said in response to Barry, obviously, 7.7 is not as attractive as when it was struck a few years back when the call agreement was struck a few years back. And it will be a call opportunity. We will be excited about executing if it's an accretive opportunity and if it's not an accretive opportunity. If in fact there would be a dilutive opportunity at 7.7, we would not do it.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Well, yes, Chris. So, the rent coverage, by virtue of the current call agreement is set, but, it is a subject to discussion, and one we have and would like to continue to explore with Caesars, such that on an overall basis, they and we are at rent coverages that everybody feels really good about for decades to come.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. So, you are right, Greg. If we're partnering with an experiential operator that's not public, the tenant financials are not crystal clear in the same way they're not crystal clear across a whole lot of net lease portfolios. And at the end of the day, we obviously have to exercise our fiduciary responsibility to the greatest degree possible in ensuring that the fundamental business is very, very supportive of the rent and the way in which our operating partners manage their balance sheets and liquidity is also of a strength that ensures that they won't be in positions where they're unable to meet the rent. We've got a very rigorous underwriting practice. We obviously can take advantage of history in many of the categories, experiential categories that we're investing in. And again, at the end of the day, it's up to us to make sure that they are of a strength, that's going to enable them to weather whatever should come their way. But I will also emphasize that our key criteria, our first of four criteria in evaluating all investments, gaming and experiential widely, is that the businesses be of lower than average cyclicality versus consumer discretionary at large, which we think is another risk mitigant when it comes to ensuring that they can cover the rent through thick and thin.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Well, last dollar exposure is obviously one of the key criteria and ensuring that our last dollar exposure is at a level whereby if we did end up owning the asset that the operating economics are such that at the last dollar exposure level that we would be lending at, we're still in good shape.
Edward B. Pitoniak: No, it's a very fair strategic question, Greg, and it's a question we regularly wrestle with. I would say one of the ways in which we deal with, if you will, the underinvestment risk in G&A is by, I think, having forged some of the strongest partnership relationships of anybody out there. From day one, we have treated our advisors as best as we possibly can. This means the investment banks, the other parties, the real estate advisory firms, such that we are always the first they call when they think there's a compelling opportunity. They are a force multiplier for us. And we have great respect for them. We engage with them intensely. We reward them when they do great work for us. And in the event, we end up saving on G&A, which in an inflationary period has really two benefits, overall low G&A to begin with and less inflationary impact on our G&A load. If it ever gets to the point where we feel we're short changing shareholders by running too thin, we will certainly add resources in the way we've obviously added resources here in the last couple of years. Thank you, Greg, we’ll move on to the next question.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. And Nick, you've given me the opportunity to vent a little bit about how utterly weary I am around the negativity of so much of the media coverage, which regularly gets proven to be way overly negative. Oh my God, this sphere is going to be a disaster. I was in the U.K. earlier this week. I was struck by how many people wanted to talk about this sphere because they'd either already been or they're determined to go. And again, media coverage around that, oh my god. Oh, F1 is going to be a disaster. Well, guess what? It wasn't. The drivers loved it. The teams loved it. It was an amazing weekend of business for our operating partners. So Super Bowl, again, just a phenomenal event for Las Vegas and for the NFL. So, I absolutely agree with you. Some of the press coverage has been quite negative, but we know the people involved, we know how hard they're working, we know how challenging what it is that they've set forth for themselves to open an unaffiliated property on the strip. And yet again, that asset is utterly magnificent and they're doing the right things to bring business to it over time. And with the backing of Coke, you can be sure that the backing is strong enough that they have the patience, but moreover the firepower to make this work in due course.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. I don't know, John and David, I don't know that we've seen a tremendous amount of variability across asset classes. We're obviously not seeing a tremendous amount of trading. And yet you obviously saw with our unlevered 7.7% yield for the $1.8 billion we put out the door in 2023, that we have obviously been able to acquire income at higher yields. I would have a tough time generalizing, but David and John, I don’t know if you want to add.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. And I'll give you an example of that, Jim. When you really begin to know a category as David has spoken of, as you get to know that, if you will, the water experience category, which we first invested in through Great Wolf. What's really been remarkable over the last few years is the way in which really creative innovative operators are taking water experiences and continuing to innovate around them, not simply for kids losing their minds and spending their parents' money at Great Wolf, but also water experiences that are more focused on an adult crowd. And that's really exciting to witness because of the growth opportunities it represents within the category and across multiple geographies.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. Well, obviously, we're looking at a period over the last couple of years in which conventional bank financing has definitely diminished as a source of funding for experiential placemakers and operators. And at the same time, obviously, you've seen the upsurge of private credit of which we are part. And I would say that in many cases, we are being invited in to the funding opportunity because of our track record in experiential and the endorsement that our underwriting process brings to a project that we choose to be involved in. We obviously look at them really rigorously and we again, I would say, we get invited in a lot to processes as opposed to having to scour the landscape, and throw our hats in the ring.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. And then I think John, we can add in obviously MGM, the MGM property in Yonkers should they be granted a full gaming license that will obviously that's property we already owned Daniel, that would obviously represent a significant incremental investment opportunity, but contingent, of course, on how the license award process plays out.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Oh, boy. That would be a pretty big number, Jay. The check sizes you're referring to, they may look small in relation to our overall scale. But I would tell you in returns, they're pretty big checks. These are not small assets and they're certainly not small and economic productivity. And so, if we can do $50 million to $100 million and up loans on assets that we either have a direct path to ownership on or a potential path to ownership on, you add those up and you can get to $1 billion in aggregate. But obviously, by not having it all in one single investment, we are obviously spreading out our risk and amplifying our opportunities to develop new relationships.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Yes. I would say, John, it's professional sports. It's obviously the emergence of this sphere. It's the overall growth of Las Vegas. And we obviously have the vacant land, but probably even more valuable is the land we already own. You referred to the triangle formed by A Stadium, T-Mobile and Allegiant. We own everything inside that triangle. MGM operates everything inside that triangle. If you think about where the A Stadium is going to go, we own three of those four corners in MGM Grand, Excalibur and New York, New York. I know MGM is very excited about the repositioning opportunities at Dallas Four Corners and it applies to so many of the other assets that we own up and down the strip, as well as you say that vacant land. I just can't again emphasize enough how incredibly valuable it is to have the position we have in Las Vegas, because Las Vegas is reaching a global critical mass that really no other place on earth right now rivals, not Orlando, not Macau, the way things have evolved there. Las Vegas is a category of one and we are very happy to be the leading owner of real estate in a place that is a global category of one.
Edward B. Pitoniak: We actually have printed a few, and if anybody really, really wants one, they should give me a call at their earliest convenience.
Edward B. Pitoniak: Thank you, Elliot, and thanks everyone for your time today. And please, please do go to www.viciproperties.com under our Portfolio heading to view our brand new VICI Properties photo book. It's a magnificent book about your magnificent properties. Bye for now.
