David Kieske: Thanks, John. 2023 started off with several very exciting transactions. Our ability to move quickly and close these acquisitions at the start of the year as a result of the liquidity we have maintained and balance sheet that we have built over the years in an effort to be nimble and act on attractive opportunities as they come before us. We will continue to focus on the balance sheet as it is important to ensure that we have a capital structure designed to weather all cycles and provide the safety and protection our equity and credit partners deserve. As John mentioned, we closed on the acquisition of the four PURE Canadian gaming assets in Alberta, Canada, the 49.9% interest we previously did not own in the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV. And we purchased $85 million of senior secured notes issued by Hard Rock Ottawa LP. This is an exciting transaction for VICI as we partnered with a large financial institution to provide Hard Rock with a complete financing solution for the redevelopment of what will become the Hard Rock Ottawa in Canada. In addition, we announced a $287.9 million construction loan for the development of a Great Wolf Lodge, which sits on land owned by the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation next to the Foxwoods Resort Casino. This transaction represents our fourth loan with Great Wolf for a total capital commitment of approximately $550 million to support Great Wolf's development pipeline. In January, we re-bolstered our liquidity raising approximately $965 million of available net equity proceeds through the sale of 30.3 million shares via forward sale agreements. On April 4, we physically settled 3.2 million of these shares for net proceeds of approximately $101.5 million. As we sit here today, we have approximately $3.9 billion in total liquidity, As Ed mentioned, this is comprised of approximately $650 million in cash, $859 million of net proceeds available from the January forward sale agreements and $2.4 billion of availability under the revolving credit facility. In terms of the leverage, our total debt is currently $17.1 billion, which reflects the consolidation of the full $3 billion of CMBS debt that encumbers the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA is approximately 5.7x today. We have a weighted average interest rate of 4.34%, taking into account our hedge portfolio and a weighted average 6.6 years to maturity. Turning to the income statement. AFFO was $528.6 million for the quarter, an increase of 73% over Q1 2022. AFFO per share was $0.53 for the quarter, an increase of 18.6% compared to the $0.44 for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. As a reminder, the disparity between our overall AFFO growth and AFFO per share growth is due to an increase in our share count, which increased primarily from equity raise and shares issued to fund our acquisition of the MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay JV this quarter and to consummate our acquisitions of MGP during Q2 and the Venetian Resort during Q1 of last year. Our results once again highlight our highly efficient triple net model given the significant increase in adjusted EBITDA as a proportion of the corresponding increase in revenue and our margins continue to run strong in the high 90% range when eliminating noncash items. Our G&A was $15 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was only 1.7%, in line with our full year expectations and one of the lowest ratios in the triple-net sector. Turning to guidance. We are reaffirming AFFO guidance for 2023 in both absolute dollars as well as on a per share basis. AFFO for the year ending December 31, 2023, is expected to be between $2.115 billion and $2.155 billion or between $2.10 and $2.13 per diluted common share. Our guidance does not include the impact on operating results from any announced but unclosed transactions, interest income from any loans that do not yet have final draw schedules, possible future acquisitions or dispositions, capital markets activity or other nonrecurring transactions. As a reminder, we recorded noncash CECL charge on a quarterly basis, which due to its inherent unpredictability, leaves us unable to forecast net income and FFO with accuracy. Accordingly, our guidance is AFFO focused as we believe AFFO represents the best way of measuring the productivity of our equity investments and evaluating our financial performance and ability to pay dividends. With that, Elliott, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Yes, happy to, John. And Tony, good to talk to yet. I mean, as you saw during the quarter, we partnered with a large financial institution and put out some capital at an 11% rate. I'm not here to say that every deal we're going to do is going to be 11%. But we are focused on a blended spread to our cost of capital, and we've -- our share price has held in our financing costs, just to get ahead of that question, is for a 10-year piece of paper is probably right around 6% today. So we're very cognizant of deploying capital on a risk-adjusted basis that generates spread investing over the time while adding just phenomenal real estate phenomenal relationships and growth partners like we've done in the past with Cabot and Canyon. And we're confident there's more to come.
David Kieske: Yes. Thanks, Ed. Nick, good to talk to you. We're spending time across the globe looking where there -- where others have gone and where there's REIT friendly jurisdictions, favorable tax regimes, favorable political regimes, favorable currency, favorable funding markets. So you're absolutely right. I mean as we spent time in Canada and got our training wheels on, so to speak, with Canada, the team developed a lot of institutional learning and list a lot of institutional knowledge around how to set up structures, how to set up minimize tax leakage and ensure that we have the right protection for our income that we will potentially generate abroad. And so it goes into the black box, so to speak, and we would need to make sure that we generate significant spreads to that -- to the cost of capital because there is tax leakage. There is some risk. And so not every deal is the same. But we'll make sure that we are partnering with the right folks and underwriting the credit and the real estate quality and the future earnings growth of these potential opportunities that may come abroad.
David Kieske: No, I think you touched on it perfectly. I echo that, that we are seeing opportunities to potentially lend capital. But when we think about our strategic lending book, we want to ensure it's with the right partners where it could lead to future growth opportunities. And I think at the regional level, less opportunity for us. But look, that will trickle up to the bigger banks, right? That will have an impact on JPMorgan's and the BofA's and the Citi's lending across the board, and so that could create opportunities for us around the experiential categories.
David Kieske: Yes, Todd. Good to talk to you. And just to be clear, that 6% for a 10-year piece of paper. So obviously, different tenors have different rates. Post the MGP acquisition, we've been highly, highly focused on continuing to delever the; balance sheet. We obviously elevated leverage a little bit to bring in that phenomenal portfolio that we added to our company and to transform our company. But as you've seen us do throughout 2022 and into 2023 is going to over-equitize transactions. And as we sit here today in May 2nd, we have a maturity coming up in roughly one year. It's due May 1, 2024. And so we'll continue to use the equity, use our free cash flow to fund transactions and then things that potentially larger transactions look to add those to the balance sheet on a leverage-neutral basis.
David Kieske: I mean I could start and others chime in. I mean, Todd, each deal is different. And obviously, we have this debate internally a lot. Sure, we'd love to say we can print a 300 basis point, 400 basis point spread to our cost of capital. But the intrinsic value of some pieces of real estate that just have -- will trade at lower cap rates and lending opportunities could be at slightly higher yields. And so as we look to balance our -- the overall yield that we generate for on our capital over the long term, we want to ensure that we are generating a 100 basis point to 150 basis point spread on a blended basis for -- based on the capital that we deploy on a quarterly and an annual basis. So while there's the hope that we can deploy capital at higher spreads, sometimes real estate is worth to get a deal done, it takes -- it might take a slightly tighter spread to ensure that we can build the partnerships and the relationships and the growth pipeline that we want to deliver over time here. 
David Kieske: Yes, John, good to talk to you. Caesars repaid that loan actually yesterday, $400 million principal. It doesn't change the footfall. We actually extended the outside date to 2028 when we could call the Caesars Forum Convention Center. This is all part of Caesars deleveraging. So that continues to make our tenants stronger, and we're happy to get that capital back. And then the total commitments, I don't have that right in front of me, but I'm happy to follow up with you or Gabe, if you have that handy. Otherwise, John, we can follow up with you.
David Kieske: Hey, Ron. It's Dave. Ron, it's David. Good to talk to you. In terms of guidance, we just have our base escalation. So 2% for Caesars, 1.5% for some of the other tenants. We do not make any assumptions around CPI bumps or other potential economic changes, if that's what you're asking. And then in terms of the balance sheet, we're actually 5.7% today since the cash that came in from Caesars yesterday. So we're 5.9% at quarter end. That was just due to a little bit of a lower cash balance at quarter end. And then that's trending to kind of about 5.6x, 5.5x by year-end based on where we see the business trending.
John Payne: Yes. Tony, I won't go into specifics about the relationships we're building. We are studying the industry, countries around the world. But I just use -- we've been asked since we started the company about when we look at something that's the size and how small. I mean, I'll just use the example of a Century gaming, we did one deal. We then announced the deal in Maryland with them. And we're just -- hopefully, over time, we'll continue to build that relationship. So we really think that there are times that a smaller deal by itself may "look small," but over the lifetime of a partnership or a relationship, that will get larger. And so we are chalking up miles, meeting folks face to face and traveling the world to find opportunities for our company and for our shareholders that are accretive.
John Payne: Yes, absolutely. And I couldn't agree more with that. I did want to take the opportunity because David asked about our Las Vegas operators and are staying in touch with them as well as our regional operators, David, we're very blessed now today have 11 tenants, right? And so we get a really good view of the entire industry, and our tenants are willing to do what we would call informal reviews with us on a quarterly basis to share with us their views on how things are going. And it's not in our leases. They do this because we form these partnerships, and it helps us better discussions about how we can help them grow. But across the gaming sector, I mean, it's really amazing to hear the results MGM released yesterday or earlier today, 36% growth in same-store adjusted EBITDAR, right, in Las Vegas. And that's an incredible number. So when I do these meetings with our team, we ask the question, where are you seeing slowness in your business, in your operating business? And there's very little slowness in any of the sectors. In fact, there's still growth in almost all of them. So it's a really interesting business, and forward bookings are still robust in Las Vegas. And then the regional markets continue to show steadiness across many of their sectors. And so it's exciting to have these partners who continue to innovate, continue to deploy capital. Many of them have seen a really nice return on the capital that they're deploying, whether it's new restaurants mixing hotel rooms that needed upgrades, et cetera.
John Payne: It's a very good question, Barry. Again, just kind of reiterating what I said about having 11 different tenants, so you get different views. And I think we've tried to build a portfolio where we have the luxury segment and then we have the kind of the middle sector and the properties that cater to them. They all seem to be continuing to perform quite well. Obviously, if a higher-end property, there's a seller who wants to move on that transaction, we're going to be prepared due to David and his team's work to go after that. If there is a regional asset that fits our portfolio where we don't have exposure, we'll be able to go after that as well. But as it pertains to the operating business, Barry, we continue to ask the questions, where are you seeing weakness and get most of the answers where we're seeing strength. And so it's -- we're going to continue to monitor. And I know we've been talking on this call a lot about nongaming and experiential and self, and Kellan Florio, who joined us as our Chief Investment Officer a year ago are out looking at these different sectors. But it is important to reiterate that we continue to love the casino business. We continue to be amazed each quarter with the results that are delivered by our partners and the -- hopefully, some future partners as well.
John Payne: Yes. You nailed it, Jim. That's exactly right. In many of these areas, whether it's in health and wellness, youth, collegiate, professional sports, certain forms of family entertainment, we're the first ones that have come to them with a thoughtful approach about how our capital could help them grow in many different ways. And so we literally spend two, three, four different meetings a day explaining who we are, what we've done, how we can help them. And again, to our opening remarks, it doesn't mean a transaction has to happen at the first meal we have together. It's about building a depth of incredible operators and real estate that over a period of time, we can hopefully transact and build a partnership. But you've hit on it where there just haven't been a lot of others that have taken on this task because it's not easy work and it takes a lot of time and effort and calls and e-mails and all of that. But we're happy to do it because we see the incredible amount of white space, as Ed noted.
John Payne: Yes. Good to talk to you, Wes. The Mirage project that the Hard Rock team is taking on is spectacular. I think we've seen the footage of it, not only the guitar tower, but the refurbishment of the whole properties. And you'd have to talk directly with the hard rock team, but I think you hear from them, they're thinking through different ways that they can finance the project with organize sits on our land and to our building, and we'd love to be a source of financing for that project longer term as they think through the details of it. And the fund in general, we've talked to many operators whether throughout our 11 tenants is how we can help them grow with larger projects on our existing assets or how we can help monetize certain assets and help them buy someone else. So we continue to have those conversations as well.
John Payne: Well, it's exciting where the As are thinking about putting the stadium. I know that’s two exciting -- there's almost two exciting, the most exciting companies, I guess, when they heard to announce, was MGM and VICI and let it sit right across from many of the resorts that we own and MGM operates. So we'll continue to see how that plays out. But it sure is helping Las Vegas become the sports capital of the world now by adding another team. And Super Bowl's coming next year. F1 is coming later in the year. So we couldn't be more excited. And you're asking to make our land and our resorts more valuable, we think it certainly does and will provide opportunities were the current properties that sit next to the new stadium that's going to be built as well as the undeveloped that we have throughout the city.
John Payne: Yes, I'll take that question. It's important to understand that today, our relationships with the three tribal nations are on commercial gaming properties, whether that's in Cincinnati, in Tunica and in Southern Indiana. I think your question is around is there ultimately going to be an opportunity with these partners or with another partner on their tribal land for us to make investments. And it's something we've talked to partners about before, and it potentially could be. But at this time, we've not made any of those investments. We really have enjoyed and will continue to build our relationships with tribal nations because they're amazing casino operators, and they're looking to deploy the capital that they've earned in their tribal nation casinos on to commercial gaming, and we're here to help them think through that if they're interested.
John Payne: Yes, Chris, it's a very good question. And as Ed touched on, we constantly talk to our tenants, our operating partners about optimizing their portfolio. And as Ed alluded to, we -- since we started VICI five years ago, we've had a tenant come to us, [Reno] track in Louisiana that said, "Look, this doesn't fit our portfolio. You own it." And we've worked together to sell the asset. There's been other situations where the tenant want it out, but we wanted to keep the real estate and buildings, and we've transferred and found another high-quality tenant. So we'll continue to do that throughout our lives running this business. And if there's a tenant that doesn't want to be in the business, we should work with them either say, "Hey, let's sell this over a holdco or let's just find another tenant that wants to run the business." The other thing we do is continue to look in markets to diversify our portfolio. With cities, what states are we not currently in, in gaming as an example, where we'd love to own real estate and there's many markets throughout the United States we are not in. We have 50 properties today, but there is a lot of opportunity in markets we're not in. And then there's other markets where, boy, it would be nice to have another asset, and we continue to do that. So very good question. It's something that's top of mind that we have with our tenants, and we'll continue to optimize our portfolio over the coming years.
John Payne: Yes, they just got approval. They'll be opening a temporary facility at that asset run by Caesars. It's also in a partnership with our other partners, the Eastern Band, the Cherokee Nation, they're partners there as well. And so we do have conversations with Caesars about a variety of things. Could that ultimately -- would that ultimately be an asset we would be interested over time if the ownership wanted to monetize the real estate in the buildings? Yes, we would be very interested in that. And so we first look and get it up and running, get it stabilized, be incredibly successful, And there's a time that, that conversation, we look at.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So clearly, a lot of the experiential landscape is made up of operators who tend to be high-yield credits. And as you well know, the high-yield market has been really quite dormant for quite a while now, going well into -- well back into last year and continuing into this year. So the access to credit is somewhat limited and the cost of it obviously has widened. And the cost of equity for many of them has at best on sideways. So as we look at the maturity walls that many debtors are facing 2024, 2025 and onward, we do think, as we talked about in the past, that we can be a virtuous source of funding through sale-leaseback structures when it comes to either refinancing debt or perhaps even more compellingly financing expansion for good operators who may have expansion opportunities, roll-up opportunities in the next few years should other operators come under any kind of refinancing pressure.
Edward Pitoniak: Barry, I'll just add on to that. Yes, Barry, I was just going to add to that. Clearly, you're seeing across so many consumer sectors the strength of luxury. Based where we are in Midtown Manhattan, our neighborhood effectively feels like it's being taken over by LVMH. And that's simply because there is so much spending happening globally in these luxury categories, and it's one of the reasons our partners like Cabot and Canyon Ranch are doing so well right now being luxury brands within their respective categories of destination golf and wellness.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Well, maybe I can offer Canyon Ranch as an example, Jim, whereby when we began talking with John Goff and the Canyon Ranch team back in early 2022, the conversations they principally been having when it came to growth capital or with private equity partners. And what they were concerned about with those private equity partners was, number one, the cost of the capital, given the cost that PE funding partners tend to assign to their own capital; and number two, the investment horizon of perhaps only 5 to 7 years. And so when Canyon Ranch looked at our offering and looked at our -- both our cost of capital and the fact that we want to be their capital partner forever, it was a pretty compelling alternative to conventional private equity.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. We'll handle the -- it is a very big project. There's a lot of parties involved. They are obviously financing this in a credit market. Japan is quite low cost. Now we're always here to help them. If we can be of help, we will be. But I'd say we're a long way off at this point from knowing if we can help them. And if so, how we would help them.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. So I think when it comes to theme parks generically, Ron, what's appealing about them is what's, frankly, appealing about our large Las Vegas assets and frankly, a lot of our large regional assets as well, which is their big complex physical plants with big complex P&Ls that have high economic productivity in relation to the capital value of the asset. And we believe that theme parks tick the four boxes that we look at in any investment category we're looking at, which is lower than average cyclicality for consumer discretionary at large. Theme parks are very often an affordable luxury in times of recession. Not unlike ski resorts, which I used to work in. There is generally an absence of secular threat since people are not generally building rollercoasters in their backyards or having Amazon deliver them to them. There's a healthy supply-demand balance. People are generally not building a theme park. And then finally, number four, they've obviously proven their durability over, frankly, more than a century, going back to the big exhibitions and fairs of the late 1800. So a lot to recommend the category. John and Kellan and the team continue to work on getting to know the players, their needs or their capital needs and opportunities. And we'll hopefully some day be able to invest in that category.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Well, thanks for your time today, everybody. I'll go back to what I stressed on our last earnings call back at the end of February, and that is when you take the midpoint of our guidance for AFFO growth for 2023, which is 10%, combine that with our dividend yield, which is currently around 4.5, a little higher than that, you get 14.5 points of potential total return. And I would just compare that again to what you're seeing in REITs generally and even more generally, the S&P 500, which is certainly not shaping up to be a year combining 10% earnings growth and 4.5% dividend yield. So with that, we'll thank you for your time today and look forward to seeing you again in late July. Bye for now.
