David Kieske: Thanks, John. We are clearly in a volatile macro environment where ongoing inflation and rising interest rates are not only dominating the financial news, but also factoring into the transaction market requiring buyers and sellers to adjust to a market backdrop we have not seen in many years. As John mentioned, VICI turned 5 years old on October 6. And since our inception, we have been disciplined in maintaining a positive spread to our cost of capital. So even in an environment where the 10-year treasury rate is north of 4%, a rate that many younger investors have never seen in their lifetime, VICI is focused on maintaining discipline in everything we pursue. We are fortunate that we have built a balance sheet to weather these turbulent times with no floating rate debt, no maturities until 2024 and ample liquidity to deploy capital accretively with leading operators like we did with Century, Great Wolf and Canyon Ranch since the second quarter. In terms of VICI’s liquidity and balance sheet, as of September 30, we had approximately $4.7 billion in total liquidity, comprised of $726 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, $490 million of estimated net proceeds available upon settlement of our outstanding forward sale agreements, $2.5 billion of availability under our revolving credit facility, and $1 billion of availability under the delayed draw term loan. During the quarter, we sold approximately 3.9 million shares with an aggregate value of $135 million after fees under our ATM program. All of the shares were sold subject to a forward sale agreement and as such are not reflected on our balance sheet. In terms of leverage, we ended the quarter with total debt of $15.5 billion, inclusive of our pro rata share of the BREIT JV debt. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA pro forma for a full year of rent from the MGP transaction is approximately 5.8x. We have a weighted average interest rate of 4.4%, taking into account our hedge portfolio and a weighted average 6.9 years to maturity. Turning to the income statement, as Ed mentioned, we doubled our GAAP revenue year-over-year, a feat we are very proud of and I want to thank the entire VICI team for all their efforts in delivering this growth. AFFO for the third quarter was approximately $471 million or $0.49 per share. Total AFFO in Q3 increased 83% year-over-year, while AFFO per share increased 8.5% over the prior year. As a reminder, the disparity between overall AFFO growth and AFFO per share growth is due to an increase in our share count which increased primarily from the equity raised in shares issued to consummate our transformative acquisition of MGP during Q2 and our acquisition of the Venetian Resort during Q1 of this year. Our results once again highlight our highly efficient triple net model given the significant increase in adjusted EBITDA as a proportion of the corresponding increase in revenue, and our margins continue to run strong in the 90% range when eliminating non-cash items. Our G&A was $12.1 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was only 1.6%, in line with our full year expectations and one of the lowest ratios in the triple-net sector. Turning to guidance, we are updating AFFO guidance for 2022 in both absolute dollars as well as on a per share basis. AFFO for the year ended December 31, 2022 is expected to be between $1.682 billion and $1.692 billion or between $1.91 and $1.92 per diluted common share. Our updated guidance reflects the uncapped CPI lease escalation of 8.1% that VICI will receive under our Las Vegas master lease and regional master lease with Caesars, effective for the lease year beginning on November 1, 2022. Additionally, the per share estimates reflect the impact of treasury accounting related to the pending 15.3 million forward shares sold under our ATM program during Q2 and Q3. As a reminder, our guidance does not include the impact on operating results from any possible future acquisitions or dispositions, capital markets activity or other non-recurring transactions. As we have discussed in the past with you, we record a non-cash CECL charge on a quarterly basis, which due to its inherent unpredictability leaves us unable to forecast net income and FFO with accuracy. Accordingly, our guidance is AFFO-focused as we believe AFFO represents the best way of measuring the productivity of our equity investments and evaluating our financial performance and ability to pay dividends. With that, Megan, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Sure. Great, R.J., it’s great talk to you. I mean one of the – we have this debate every day internally, right? When you see the 10-year moving 10, 15, 25 basis points, and obviously, the stock market is doing what it’s doing, hard to price a deal on a daily basis. So we look at – but we do look at the spread to our cost of capital. And right now, look, we’re getting 10-year pricing at 7%. So the $5 billion that we raised back in April, 5%, net adjusted at 4.5% with our hedge portfolio looks really, really good. But R.J., we’re going to always maintain the spread to our cost of capital. Obviously, our stock has held up well. Debt pricing is what it is. As Ed just touched on, we have $1.3 billion of liquidity that is on the balance sheet, which does not include the term loan or the revolver. Being cognizant that cash is not free and that there is an implicit cost of that cash, we are going to ensure that we continue to do the deals that we’ve done in the past, maintaining that spread. And your comment around kind of middle of the fairway deals, I think you’ll see more of the Rocky Gaps of the world were a little bit smaller deals and some of the large mega deals will probably take a pause for a while just given the uncertainty around kind of where the world is ultimately going. But we feel good about our pipeline. I think it’s busier than it’s ever been, and the dialogue is greater than it’s ever been but we’ve got to be relentless in ensuring that we can continue to deliver consistent accretion year in and year out for our shareholders.
David Kieske: It’s a good question, Carlo. Good to speak to you. I hope you’re well. Look, the current rate environment is it bounces around every day. And so we’ve got to run the business taking a long-term view, but being mindful of if we had to price something or if we had to close on something today or in the near-term, how that would impact ultimately accretion, right? We’ve got to drive accretive deals and be disciplined in what we’ve done since day 1. So it’s something we watch. We’ve got access to the revolver. We’ve got access to the late draw term loan. Thankfully, we have no maturities until 2024, where we have to go to the debt markets, but it’s something that we’re going to be monitoring and making sure that we continue to drive growth to the balance sheet – through the balance sheet and can maintain the balance sheet and position of strength and as you said, bringing down leverage over time through potentially funding deals with our free cash flow.
David Kieske: Yes, Rich. Great to talk to you. The one thing that we like about these loan investments as it gives us a seat at the table. It gives us insight to the business. It gives us exposure to the operator and as you have seen with Cabot and Canyon a path to real estate ownership. And so things like the Great Wolf where we – our attachment point, as I said, is 75% LTC. I think your question is, would we be willing to go higher or potentially even provide a senior portion we would if it’s the right operator, the right sponsor and the right relationship and again, the overall cost of capital – return on that capital is commensurate with our capital. And I think the one thing to point out is, I know we refer to these as development, but they really build to suits and broader real estate parlance. And VICI is not doing the developing. We’re partnered with high, high-quality developers set GMP contracts and oversight by very, very experienced builders. So while our development pipeline is robust, I think you could potentially see it deviate, meaning we could go lower in the Captec or even higher depending on what happens with the credit markets and making sure that we are rewarded for that.
David Kieske: Yes. Todd, good to talk to you. I mean I think the implicit conversation was – or your question, excuse me, was are we shutting down our pipeline or are we pulling back. I mean I would tell you, we are busier than we have ever been as you saw on June 1st, we added a CIO, Kellan Florio from Goldman Sachs, who were thrilled about and is focused on opening more doors in the non-gaming world and has been very, very active. And so we constantly look at opportunities. But ultimately, if the opportunity doesn’t make sense or the market backs up or there is a change, we will not pursue a deal that is not accretive, right. The minute we do a bad deal, that will be our last deal we do because we will not be able to raise capital going forward from our owners, our investors, both on the equity and the credit side. And we are living in a time that’s pretty unique. Obviously, this sort of interest rate environment has not been around for many, many years, as Ed highlighted in his remarks and some of the charts that we have seen. But we will continue to be focused on raising liquidity like we did in June and August on the ATM, where we cut a little bit of tailwind in the equity markets and bolstered our balance sheet. But in terms of our intentions going forward, I can’t talk about that. And we will see what tomorrow brings. But I think we have set up a balance sheet, we have set up a cost of capital that still can be competitive in this environment, but we are just going to be even more disciplined than we have in the past.
David Kieske: Yes. I mean Todd, that’s when it comes down to it. And I know that’s hard to understand in order to put in your report, but relationships matter. You have heard John talk about it for years, if you see the clip that Ed referred to with John Goff and Jim Cramer and Ed on CNBC. He was very bullish about the opportunity to do more together. These are relationships that we foster and build and spend time with when we did Chelsea Piers back in June of 2020, it was competitive. It was a bid process. But part of our ability to win that was. One, our long-term view, we are not a fund driven. We don’t have a fund life. And ultimately, our relationships mean a lot. And it’s how you treat as Ed mentioned with respect to our advisors, we treat our counterparties extremely, extremely well because we want to do more together. We want both sides of the table to win and feel good and come back to the table to do more together in the future.
John Payne: Sure. Good morning, Tony, how are you? Nice to talk to you. So it’s definitely been something that we have been focused on for the past couple of years, you’ve heard us talk about this that we’ve grown, obviously, domestically in our first 5 years, but we always have positioned the company to grow internationally and we’re spending time not only in the casino sector but also in the experiential sector outside the U.S. and study in markets where we think we would like to own real estate, and we’re in the middle of that process and understanding the underwriting and understanding the countries where we would own real estate and their laws and we’re right in the middle of it, Tony. Nothing to announce at this time, but it’s of interest for us to grow internationally.
John Payne: So R.J., it’s nice to talk to you this morning. When you’re speaking – I think you’re speaking more of the one foot call we have on the Indiana assets, and we continue to watch the great performance that our tenant, Caesars, has been handling these assets. They have capital still going into the two assets in Indianapolis. They have rebranded both of those casinos and they continue to grow. So we will continue to look at those. Those – the put call is active all the way through 2024. We sit here in October of 2022. So – we will monitor them. We love those assets. We really like what Caesars is doing with them and in growing that business. And like I said, we will continue to look at those over time.
John Payne: And Rich, if I can – this is John. If I can just add one other thing on this, it’s important to understand that when Ed and I started the company in October ‘17, we always position this REIT as an experiential REIT. In our first 5 years, we were more focused in the gambling space because we saw the opportunities there. But in the background, we were always spending time study in these different sectors that you now start to see investments that we’re making. So this is not a shift of our company strategy at all. It’s just you are starting to just see these new investments being made.
John Payne: Yes. Well, it’s good to talk to you, Barry. We still think there is a lot of opportunity out there. I know we saw each other, you were in Vegas recently and you have heard me say we – there is no place. You have heard Ed say this. There is no place as busy as Las Vegas, and we obviously have great real estate on the strip. But there is many opportunities in the regional market in Las Vegas, the downtown market, there is other states that are opening that we do not own real estate. There is other locations that we do in own real estate. So, I don’t know exactly what inning it is, but I would tell you, we still see incredible amount of opportunity to grow our business in owning casino real estate.
John Payne: I talked about this a little bit earlier that we continue to watch this business grow capital from the operator. Caesars, the owner today, continues to go into the business. This call – this put call is active until the end of ‘24. So, we will continue to monitor the growth of the business. We will see the capital go in and we will determine the right time for this call option.
John Payne: Hey. Good morning David. I would. And I just think this is just a matter of time. We have been around for 5 years. And I think we have been out explaining why our form of capital can work for gaming operators, particularly as Ed said, when they have great use of proceeds to grow the company. And I think that many CFOs and CEOs of companies that said they would never do it now have spent the time to understand how our capital work and how we can be partners and are now thinking about it. Doesn’t necessarily mean they will transact. But I think if you are in the C-suite of any company, you should be thinking about all the different ways that you can work with your balance sheet and structure your balance sheet. So, not surprising at all, David, that we are hearing – you are hearing that, and we are hearing that.
John Payne: Yes, Smedes, it’s a very good question, and we spend a lot of time in all the different markets with all the different operators as we look at deals, understanding the market, understanding their segmentation of their customers, what they are seeing. I think you know this because you follow gaming. It’s a unique time for our tenants. We have spent a lot of time on this call talking about the market fluctuations. But in the gaming business right now, depending on what market and who you are talking to, some are having – continue to have record earnings. And almost all of the operators are seeing strong – continue to see strong business. So, we are very careful in whatever deal that we underwrite and understanding the market, the dynamics, the type of consumer, how far the consumer comes from, all of those things when we underwrite. And we will be careful as we look at regional markets in Las Vegas markets. But our tenants have done an amazing job in operating their businesses and continuing to grow them during this very unique time.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. It’s a good question, Steve, and good to talk to you. I would say we’re seeing opportunities on both sides. I would say the private side, though, to your, I think implicit point is probably even richer fishing ground right now. And that has to do really with the state of the credit markets. As most of you on this call know, bank credit, especially to real estate credits has effectively dried up and I was reading the transcript as the Blackstone call last week, which I always do because if you don’t listen to what John Gray is saying at any given time, you’re missing an opportunity to pick up a lot of intelligence, and I thought it was telling the degree to which John was emphasizing to read it, they believe a lot of their real estate capital allocation in the near to midterm is going to be credit-focused. And you’ve seen that from us as well. I would say that we’re at a point in the cycle where would be sellers have still not gotten the memo that the world has changed radically. And as an indication of how radically the world has changed, I’ve been trading e-mails with Mark Streeter at JPMorgan, the IG REIT credit analyst, and he sent me these graphs of the volatility of credit. And if those were EKG, that patient would be in a world of hurt. And then I saw last night from Hartnett that U.S. treasury performance this year is the worst since 1788 when the United States of America was a funky little startup. So the state of the credit market is, to your point, Steve, like it’s tough if you don’t have access to capital. And as David just emphasized, we’ve got over $4 billion of liquidity. We’ve got almost $1.3 billion of effective cash, and we are very excited to put that to work. We will put it in both with private operators and public. And in some cases, it will go into credit in the near to midterm with conversion to real estate ownership in most cases. in order to, frankly, capitalize on the fact that we have capital when a lot of other people don’t.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Well, clearly, Steve, we do need to be compensated for the risk that is associated with development. And I’ll just go back to the 7.4% unlevered yield for the nearly 700 some million of capital that we’ve deployed in Q2 and early Q3 and I think that 7.4% unlevered yield going in to give people comfort that we have been adequately compensated for our risk.
Ed Pitoniak: I was just going to say, R.J. And while obviously, the cost of debt capital has been incredibly volatile. And for most REITs, the cost of equity capital has been very volatile or just simply negatively trending. We are in a unique position where our equity on a relative basis, has held up so well with us having been the best-performing S&P 500 REIT year-to-date through September 30, and I’m guessing as of yesterday, we still are. So we do have a strength to our equity price or equity cost that on a comparative basis does represent competitive advantage. Back to you, R.J.
Ed Pitoniak: If I understand your question correctly, Wes, and good to talk to you. I would say that when we form partnerships with the likes of Cabot and Canyon Ranch and Great Wolf and others, we’re most interested in developing relationships for the long-term that give us a steady flow of capital allocation opportunities. Obviously, we want to be properly priced, we want our investors to enjoy the yields that they deserve to enjoy off of these investments. But I would say it’s more about developing a long-term pipeline as opposed to using any kind of negotiating leverage or anything else, frankly, to enhance pricing per se. I mean, we’re very satisfied with the pricing. As I noted in my remarks with Steve, a 7.4% blended unlevered yield across both development and existing assets, we think is pretty good, pretty good yield in this environment. In fact, meaning is a really good deal. I wouldn’t say that we necessarily use these long-term partnerships in order to acquire pricing as much as we do to acquire a long-term pipeline of growth.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. And one factor, Wes, especially when you’ve got a team as small as our VICI team, where we’re still just a couple of dozen people with probably lowest G&A among all the big REITs as a percentage of revenue, is that one of the benefits of forming these long-term partnerships is that we create the foundational documentation that enables us to basically rinse and repeat as we continue to grow with those partners.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I’ll turn it over to David in a moment, Richard, and good to talk to you. Obviously, when we go into these relationships, we really – we work hard to make sure that our last dollar exposure is a level of last dollar exposure we’re very comfortable with, such that if we ever did have to step in, we’re stepping into a situation that at that last dollar level of exposure for us is very well protected and means that there is still a lot of value left in the asset. Beyond that, I’ll turn it over to David for his thoughts.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Richard, it’s a very good question. It’s a very top of mind question for both us as a management team and for our Board. And we do have a small team. I would just say, though, this has nothing to do with your question. I would say in an inflationary environment where G&A is so screamingly low as a percentage of revenue. Inflation obviously doesn’t have an effect on our cost structure the way it will on others. What we do, Richard, in order to extend our reach is I believe we get more value out of our relationships with our advisers than anybody else we know of. From day 1, we have treated our advisers the best we possibly can so that when we go to them and say, hey, you know a lot about a category we want to learn a lot about, help us. They are right there for us. And so whether it’s experiential categories or geographies with which we’re not familiar internationally, we work with our advisers as if they are full members of the team. And that extends our reach in a way that’s very cost effective, but it’s also risk mitigating because we come up the learning curve on both categories and geographies very quickly.
Ed Pitoniak: Barry, I think it’s up to each operator to determine what’s the best business model for them given the overall nature of their business. We think obviously, partners like MGM and Penn are demonstrating that they can be very successful in their capital-light, asset-light model. And at the same time, we have incredible admiration for the way Tom Reeg and Bret Yunker are running Caesars, where they maintain ownership of a lot of real estate. I think it will be interesting to tell over time. And I think the key question for anybody we partner with, whether in gaming or non-gaming, is if we do a deal, what would you do with the proceeds, right. If we do a sale leaseback with you, what will you do with the proceeds. And it’s having a compelling use of proceeds that I think is one of the key determinants when you are an asset controller, whether in gaming or non-gaming as to how attractive having a sale-leaseback relationship with us would be.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Todd, good to talk to you. And I will turn it over to David in a moment. I would say one of the benefits of having the amount of liquidity we have, the $4.7 billion that David alluded to, and especially the $1.3 billion of basically equity capital, we already know the cost of is that we have a relative degree of cost certainty. I want to emphasize relatively. We will not have an absolute degree of cost certainty that a lot of others with much lower liquidity just simply do not have at this time. But I will turn it over to David for his further thoughts to your question.
Ed Pitoniak: Hey Todd. I just want to add to David’s remarks and I think it’s pertinent to your question. If you look at the total liquidity that David outlined for you, about $4.7 billion, that represents – that is an amount, I should say, equal to about 10% of our current balance sheet, our $45 billion of enterprise value. I don’t know how many other REITs out there have total liquidity equal to 10% of their balance sheet, especially if they are anywhere near as big as we are. And that really does represent the amount of firepower we have at a time when firepower is otherwise very hard – either very hard or very costly to achieve. The last point I would make is of that $4.7 billion of liquidity. And David, please correct me if I am wrong here, only $700 million of that $4.7 billion is actually currently on the balance sheet, the cash and the cash-like instruments that David referred to. The ATM proceeds and the delayed our term loan and the revolver, obviously, are not on the balance sheet because they all remain undrawn or unsettled.
Ed Pitoniak: And just to add to that, Todd. When we are in these lending relationships, we don’t see our partners to debt. We are not a GP that needs to pay our bills by seeing or would be credit partners to debt. And that not only makes an economic difference to them, it makes a relationship difference.
Ed Pitoniak: Well, it’s – well, to be clear, Greg, it’s on the credit side right now with Canyon Ranch with a very clear path to own the real estate of Canyon Ranch Austin and also on real estate potentially in places like Tucson and Lennox and elsewhere that we can go together both domestically and internationally with Canyon Ranch. Obviously, we are most focused on the place-based dimension of global wellness. And I would say that based on the research we have done, one of the really appealing things about place-based wellness on a global basis is that the model from continent-to-continent is really quite similar. That’s in contrast to gaming. The U.S., Singapore, Macau are notable for having great real estate intensity to their gaming models, but that real estate intensity is not found to the quite the same degree in a lot of other areas around the globe. On the other hand, again, place-based wellness is really very much the same kind of concept as you go from the U.S. to, for example, Europe and the UK where there are many operators operating very much like Canyon Ranch at the high end with a good amount of real estate intensity.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. And I mean when you think about it, historically, think about the great European spot towns that started to become popular back in the 1700s. The spa tradition has centuries of history. And the modern spa experiences grew out of those more ancient traditions frankly, it goes all the way back to the enrollment. The – they were in the spa business, right. This is a business that’s actually now that they say it, it doesn’t go back century, it goes back millennia.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I was just going to say, David, to add on to John’s remarks. If you go back to October 21st, the yield to worst on gaming high-yield credit on a blended basis was 8.21%, right. Actually the blended yield to worst on leisure was 10.03%. So, whether it’s gaming operators or leisure operators, they are looking at current yield to worst on their high-yield credit and almost all of them are high yield, very few of them are IG. When they start to look at our cap rates, they realize that when they have to refinance this debt that’s currently yielding 8.21% or higher, our capital could look very attractive.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I will turn to John – John, just before I turn it over to you, I just want you acknowledge me that – we missed your friend and colleague, Michael Bilerman. We always enjoyed when Michael showed up on our calls, and we wish him the very best in his new role at Tanger. Anyway, over to you, John.
Ed Pitoniak: It’s hard to tell, Smedes. Every deal is so specific whether it would be the geographic location, the asset is in, the nature of the asset itself, the tenant and its credit quality, I don’t know. I would be – I would have a tough time saying that cap rates within gaming have moved considerably up, which is implicit in what you are saying, given the market backdrop. I think it’s still a bit too early to tell, because I wouldn’t generalize the fairly limited amount of activity that we and GLPI have engaged in over the last few months.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you very much again. In closing, we simply want to thank you for your time with us today. We believe we are really well positioned at VICI to continue growing our portfolio during what may be – well, no, what is a very uncertain period while driving superior shareholder value. Again, thank you and good health to all.
