Samantha Gallagher: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Everyone should have access to the company's third quarter 2021 earnings release and supplemental information. The release and supplemental information can be found in the Investors section of the VICI Properties website at www.viciproperties.com. Some of our comments today will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as will, believe, expect, should, guidance, intends, outlook, projects or other similar phrases are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Therefore, you should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on them. I refer you to the company's SEC filings for a more detailed discussion of the risks that could impact future operating results and financial conditions. During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which we believe can be useful in evaluating the company's operating performance. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available on our website, in our third quarter 2021 earnings release and our supplemental information.  Hosting the call today, we have Ed Pitoniak, Chief Executive Officer; John Payne, President and Chief Operating Officer; David Kieske, Chief Financial Officer; Gabe Wasserman, Chief Accounting Officer; and Danny Valoy, Vice President of Finance. Ed and team will provide some opening remarks, and then we will open the call to questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Samantha Gallagher: Yes. Hi. As you know, there's regulatory approvals that are required for the operator in connection with that transaction. So the operator, Apollo here is just going through the regulatory process.
Samantha Gallagher: No. They are unrelated and we do not expect that to impact our previously disclosed timing for the MGP transaction.
Danny Valoy: Yes, Wes, in terms of escalations, we expect that to escalate in with CPI, which was about 5%, so of the 2% floor that's embedded in that lease. So starting November 1 for the next lease year, the Las Vegas master lease will escalate about 5%.
Danny Valoy: Yes. I'll just add. This is Danny. On the gaming side, Greg, we still continue to work on transactions in any given week or month where the total value exceeds well over $50 billion. So that's not necessarily a TAM, but hopefully, that just gives you some insight into the number and different sizes of opportunities that we continue to work on, discuss, evaluate and target. Another piece going forward is going to be the VICI Partner Property Growth Fund. If you think about the size of our assets, a little over 2 million square feet on average at each property. There are high ROI projects, where we're partnering with our existing tenants and funding those pretty efficiently in exchange for incremental rent. Hard to say exactly -- hard to quantify that because it ultimately depends on the individual operator strategies, but that's something that could reach into the hundreds of millions of total investments. And then international, it's really hard to size or quantify, it's dependent on the jurisdiction, the individual assets within those jurisdictions. But as we talked about, we've spent a lot of time understanding the tax implications, currency risk, regulatory hurdles. So that is an area where you'll see us expand over time.
Danny Valoy: Yes. Tom, as we've talked about, there's a lot of opportunity there in the existing asset. One of the things we found interesting was just the margin differential between the Venetian and then other assets on the Las Vegas Strip. We can't speak for Apollo and their strategy, but we would expect the existing team to run forward and execute on a lot of the projects and initiatives that they've created and have been evaluating for a long period of time. So look, I still think it's really early in the Venetian in their trajectory. I think there is a lot of opportunity there. Some of it's low-hanging fruit, some will take a little bit longer to execute on, but we're really excited, and we're looking forward to closing on that asset.
David Kieske: Yes, RJ, I can start and Samantha chime in on anything. I mean what we're experiencing and witnessing is just continued -- somewhat of a confirmation or conforming aspect of the leases, right? This sector is only 8 years old with the formation of GLPI in 2013. But as each deal, we and the operators continue to get smarter and understand the best way to document and structure a lease. And so when some of these opportunities arise to remove some of the legacy component, so to speak, of leases that really don't make sense for you as the operator or us as landlord, we work collaboratively together to streamline the leases and continue to move forward to somewhat of a "industry standard". So it's a net-net win for both sides here with between VICI and JACK.
David Kieske: Yes, Greg, it's David. Good to talk you. The financing is -- will be done at a 10% interest rate. And then the call rate will be at competitive 8 cap if we elect to enter into a sale leaseback on any of those facilities. We're excited to partner with the ClubCorp team, the Big Shot's team. They've got a very good development pipeline. They're going to mimic going to secondary markets, some markets where we can't -- don't currently -- or can't own gaming real estate just because it's not legal in those jurisdictions and they're invigorated to grow that pipeline to grow that platform, and we're thrilled to partner with them. So we'll see what the future holds with that opportunity between VICI and Big Shots.
David Kieske: Todd, good to talk. I hope you will. Look, I wouldn't say that the path that you should expect. The situations with Chelsea Piers, Great Wolf and Big Shots, called for financing, each of them were somewhat unique and specific and why they call for financing. But as you saw with Big Shots, we do have a call right to enter into a sale leaseback, so we do have a path to ownership, and you hit the nail on the head. These all lead -- ideally lead to a path to ownership. There may or may not be a sale of Chelsea Piers that may or may not be a sale of Great Wolf where we have the opportunity to buy the real estate. But if there is a transaction, we'll have a seat at the table and be able to compete for that opportunity. Ideally, our -- if we had -- if we could dial it up on a whiteboard, we'd have -- we'd entered into a sale leaseback day 1. But just again, the niceness of these circumstances is why there's they are mortgages today. And then in terms of the path to investment grade, ultimately at the end of the day, our cost of capital is what matters and allows us to compete. And so as our cost of capital goes lower, we feel that the funnel widens and we will be able to compete for more things, both within gaming and outside of gaming. So we're thrilled to be on the doorstep of achieving an investment-grade rating here in the near term.
David Kieske: Yes, Jay, good to talk to you. I mean part of it just stems from the magnitude of capital these institutions have, right? The amount of companies that private equity is investing in. And if we can play a role alongside some of the best real estate leisure hospitality investors in the world, we are thrilled to do that. So we look at a lot of opportunities. We have a lot of opportunities, and we continue to work with and understand other sectors out there, but these just happen to be with 2 folks that are also invested in real estate because they have institutions that are invested across all asset classes. And again, if we can find ways to partner with our existing partners and future partners in private equity, we will absolutely do so.
David Kieske: Well, it all stems around the timing of the MGP closing, as Samantha alluded to, that's still on track for the first half of next year. And we would expect to issue the $4.4 billion of debt that we need to fund, again, the MGM Op unit redemption into the investment-grade market. We've worked very closely, led by Erin Ferreri on our team with the rating agencies to highlight the timing, highlight the transactions, highlight our funding and make sure that they are a lockstep with us. And so as S&P alluded to, if we keep leverage below 6x, we'll get a BBB minus rating. Well, with the equity raise that we did in September, and we are a pro forma balance sheet being projected to target, we're below that number. So we feel very confident that we'll achieve that investment-grade rating sometime in the first half of 2022, again, connection with the MGP transaction. And then the other part of your question was the refinancing of the MGP debt. That will occur at or near the time of those maturities. The MGP bonds are all bullet bonds, but we feel very good about the incremental accretion that we'll pick up from the interest expense savings as we start to refinance that debt, which I think the first one comes due in 2024, if I'm not mistaken, in 2025. So over the years, we'll have incremental AFFO pickup from that -- from those refinancing opportunities of the MGP bonds as well as the VICI bonds that are in place today.
David Kieske: Dan, it's David. Good to talk here. Our intention from day 1 was always to fund -- our attention and our requirement, frankly, was to fund that $4.4 billion in debt. There's tax reasons why that has to be funded in debt and why that has to be funded really at the time of all conditions to the merger being satisfied. So the punchline is no. The accretion doesn't change. We'd always anticipated issuing equity, paying down the term loan and then essentially relevering at a point in the future once we go to the market to raise that $4.4 billion of debt.
David Kieske: Yes. We're often asked if we would put that into escrow, we take advantage of the markets ahead of closing. And again, the way that the agreements are laid out, the way that the tax requirements, what we need to satisfy for tax reasons. Again, we will not issue that debt until all conditions to the merger are satisfied, and we have a 30-day window under the agreement to issue that debt sometime in the first half of next year, we'd expect.
John Payne: So we continue to monitor. I think you're referring to -- first, we have some ROFRs in Las Vegas. Tom Reeg, the CEO of Caesars has indicated that they would be looking to potentially sell one of the assets and we'll be involved in that process and we'll follow his lead on what they're deciding to do. And then the second one, I think you're referring to is our put call that we have that becomes live in January '22 with the 2 large assets in Indianapolis, and we'll continue to monitor those as well. Those assets continue to grow, RJ, since we did this -- created this put call table games have been legalized at the racinos in the State of Indiana, and Caesars has been working on expanding those facilities. And those so -- those facilities are continuing to add amenities, add some space, add table games. And so we'll watch how they continue to grow. And we know that, that put call is good for 3 years starting in January.
John Payne: Well, good morning, Barry. As we’ve been talking in the past 4 years, the key to it all is continuing to diversify our tenant base. And like you said, we've gone from 1 tenant to 8 tenants in gaming. As David mentioned in his remarks, we obviously have started diversifying into nongaming. I don't think we have an exact percentage of how much we're going to own in gaming and how much we're going to own in non-gaming, how many tenants we're ultimately going to have. But I think you've seen us continue to add high quality of, Ed said in his remarks, tenants to our portfolio, as well in gaming as well as in non-gaming. And so I don't have a percentage today. I think we've clearly said 45% of our rent after the MGP deal will come from Las Vegas and 55% of our rent will come from regional assets. So we still have a wide opportunity to diversify over the years, and we'll continue to look for unique opportunities with most importantly, high-quality tenants with great real estate. So no specific numbers today, Barry.
John Payne: No, Ed, I think you touched on it. Neil, I mean we -- if you've been following us since we started the company, there are other REITs that weren't as bullish as we are on Las Vegas, but we are very excited from the day we started the company. We're even more excited today about what's taking place in Las Vegas. The operators are here in Las Vegas are the most dynamic creative operators. There are -- they'll continue to reinvent the business when something doesn't work. And what's also been made perfectly clear after the closing of the facilities due to the pandemic as they reopen, the consumer clearly has not found a substitute for Las Vegas. They're returning in record numbers, and that's without the amount of airlift, that's without international travel, and that's without necessarily MICE business that's going to come back as well. So we're excited today about it, and we're going to be even more excited over coming years as those segments of our customers return to Las Vegas, to our tenants.
John Payne: Yes, it's a good question, Neil. Exciting time in the space. I mean, I'll just talk about what's taking place today with our top tenant Caesars. And I don't think it's either/or. If you look at their investment in the bricks-and-mortar facilities right now, and there's more than I know. I know about the $300 million going into New Orleans, the $400 million that's going into Atlantic City, the numerous hotel, Nobu Hotels that are being built around their facilities, the reformation of the entrance to Caesars Palace, I could go on and on about the massive investment that our top 10 is putting in their bricks and mortar. At the same time, you can obviously just turn on your TV or your radio and see the large investments that they're making into Caesars sports book. So the beauty of this is their strategy as well as our other tenant strategy of connecting the dots or building a world-class omni-channel marketing capabilities where they can talk to consumers, not only digitally, but they can talk to consumers at their bricks-and-mortar facilities and continue to attract people across their platform. And that's what's so exciting about the gaming space. And again, if someone is who's old these days and has been around for over 25 years, there has not been a more dynamic and exciting time in the casino gambling space.
John Payne: I can do sub of it, and Danny can do some of it as well. So Greg, we've laid this out a couple of different ways. But the short answer is there are a lot of opportunities still out there. When you just think of -- I'll take gaming and then Danny or David can jump in on nongame. And I'll take 1 of the 6 pillars because we -- I don't want to take up the rest of the call going through all 6 pillars. But I'll take one of them, which is the expansion of gaming. And just domestically, I want to even touch on the international opportunities that we see in Canada and Australia, potentially in Singapore, potentially in Japan. So just domestic gaming.  If you think of our opportunities, Greg, we still have -- do not own real estate in any downtown facility in Las Vegas. We still don't own real estate in Las Vegas in the regional markets, which are both very healthy and growing markets. We don't have Reno, Colorado, Rhode Island, Pittsburgh, [like] Charles, parts of Massachusetts. So we have an analysis that shows the depth and the amount of rent and the amount of EBITDA that is still available with assets that are not necessarily in the REIT pool right now. So that's 1 of 6 pillars. We see tremendous opportunity to grow in gaming domestically as well as the other 5 pillars that I don't know if David or Danny want to touch on quickly as well.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, RJ. It is, I believe -- or I think it will prove to be a dynamic that we've seen in other asset classes that have gone through institutionalization as an example, a category that I spent time in final mile logistics. When there began to be an institutionalization of that industrial sub-asset class, the greatest amount of investment focused initially was in markets like the Inland Empire outside of L.A. and Northern New Jersey. And as the category really began to prove itself that as the secular trends behind the category continue to grow, what you began to see was a radiating out of investment activity from those epicenters. As an example, across the street from our JACK Thistledown asset outside of Cleveland, on a site that once how, I guess, a Class B mall is now an Amazon distribution center of amazing scale. And again, that's Cleveland. So you can see that kind of radiating taking place in other asset classes. I believe you're going to see it as well in regional gaming. There are, of course, certain friction points in some jurisdictions. The gaming real estate owner does require licensing. But we think at the end of the day, that will be a friction point that becomes less of a factor in how people make their decisions when they realize that some of these regional assets are so strong and have such a comparable scale and quality. And just to belabor the point in a moment, RJ, it was on this very call, the Q3 earnings call, I believe it was 2 years ago in 2019, that I made at the time that rather outlandish claim -- this was right after the Bellagio announcement, I made the rather outlandish claim that I would argue that National Harbor, which MGM obviously occupies and MGP owned at that point, deserve to trade at a cap rate at least as tight as Bellagio, given it's under scarcity as an asset of that magnitude of quality in a 24-hour city like Washington, D.C. So I do think it will come, RJ. It will, as is required in every other asset class it will take time, but it will happen.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, I'll start, Barry. And obviously, we need to take care to distinguish as I know you are between iGaming and sports betting. And I think it remains to be seen the degree to which iGaming becomes its own ecosystem that does not create a new customer who also then acquires through iGaming, a desire to visit the brick-and-mortar casino. You've heard us talk before about how bullish we are about sports betting as being a very powerful secular audience expansion tailwind for gaming. iGaming remains more of a question. And I do think there are some very interesting points to be made as to the implications of iGaming in a manifest number of different perspectives. And I believe there was a panel -- oh, no, you wrote about it. The panel you wrote about Barry yesterday, I think, some people like David Cordish were making some very interesting points about the jurisdictions taking care that iGaming not end up sacrificing the jobs and the economic vitality that go with brick-and-mortar gaming. So again, we'll see over time. I would say, though, that I am much less worried about iGaming than I am excited about sports betting and the way sports betting is changing the marketing paradigm of American Gaming in such a way that American Gaming can participate in the Great American sports conversation. And if you had told me when I first started getting involved with VICI 4 years ago, which was my introduction to American Gaming, with Kenny Mayne and Trey Wingo of ESPN would join folks like John Payne and David and Samantha and me in the business of American Gaming, I would not have foreseen that.
Edward Pitoniak: I would just add, Greg, this is Ed, that we have a certain amount of confidence that we can figure out how to do what others have successfully done before us. When you crystallize the issue as you just did very well, which is once you get to a certain size, the math obviously does become more challenging. But at the same time, strategic resources can become more ample. So we look at what companies like Realty Income and Prologis have done in facing the mathematical challenge of growing, when you get really big. And we get full marks to meet and the Realty Income team for what they have done as an example, in the U.K. and now in Spain when it comes to increasing their exposure to European grocery. European grocery is not a category that we'd be interested in. But there is European experiential we'd be very interested in. And in fact, categories in Europe, they don't even really exist in the U.S., experiences like center parks, as an example. So we would look at what Realty Income has done. We would look at what Prologis has done internationally and domestically and especially through their strategic capital activities. So we're confident that if we learn from the best, we stand a good chance of achieving at least some of what they have done, and we're very excited about that opportunity in the years to come.
Edward Pitoniak: They should mirror them very closely, Stephen. Obviously, they need to be a sufficient return such that you could take the incremental return on the incremental capital and divide it in half at least, and each party is getting what they need and deserve. In other words, we would get a sufficient return through incremental rent on our investment, and the operator would get a sufficient return on the brand and intellectual capital and operating investments that they have made. So it should very much mirror our conventional economics. And again, if we can get growth capital out the door in whatever form we get it out the door as long as it's in the proper risk framework, we're going to be very happy to do so. And I will just reiterate what Danny said, our assets are of a scale and of a quality fit and finish level that you really only find an office and a mall. And as an example of that, our average asset is over 2 million square feet. It sits on dozens of acres. That's in contrast to your conventional triple net commodity box, which is 17,000 square feet and sits on an acre or [2], right? Our assets present incremental investment opportunities that really are hard to find in almost any other asset class.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. I think, obviously, 1 key determinant would be the degree to which we would not only be getting access to property with getting access to talent to a management platform that could be of great value to us in helping us grow not only beyond the acquisition of the portfolio of properties that might come with the M&A, but with the talent and the operating experience and reach that would come with it. We don't see that as an immediate priority. We think we have enough in front of us in terms of our existing categories that frankly represent triple-net white space that we believe we're uniquely qualified to pioneer in. But we are certainly mindful of the way in which adjacent M&A can be an effective way to continue to grow value.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes, Todd. So I think the quick answer is yes. I think there's more room to run. I think one of the key things to keep in mind -- and this came up in a conversation that I was having with our partner at Blackstone, Tyler Henritze a few weeks ago, which he said, I think we should stop talking about cap rates, when it comes to gaming real estate. If we could just talk about unlevered cash flow going in unlevered cash flow yield because that's what we're getting, right? When we -- VICI buy at a 6.25% cap rate on the Venetian, we're getting 6.25% unlevered free cash flow yield out of the gate, right? And a number of you have written about the transparency and the predictability, the integrity of triple net cash flows versus so many other REIT categories where the supposed cap rate really is only a notional number that hardly ever resembles actual reality once you account for all CapEx and other forms of leakage from net free cash flow. So I think as investors look at gaming, they will look at the fact that you're getting true free cash flow in what you buy. And I think that could have a compressive effect. When you look at what other Class A categories, life office like every other category that is so big disguise right now, industrial and others, you're often looking at cap rates that don't actually reflect true free cash flow. In gaming, that's what you get and I think it will have a continuing effect on the compressing of our cap rates. And as long as our cost of capital continues to improve and a velocity equal to the velocity of cap recompression, we can very much stay in the game and David and his team and what they're doing with their balance sheet are making sure we do keep pace.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. I would say, Thomas, there's nothing that would prevent us strategically or financially from doing bigger deals outside of gaming. You are right, so far what we've done has been on a generally smaller scale. Although I will say that assets like Chelsea Piers do qualify as we like to say, as casinos without gaming. The P&L at Chelsea Piers is actually very significant. So that's not entirely borne out. Obviously, when we only do a mortgage loan. But these assets do have some heft to them. Great Wolf Resorts, also have heft to them. So while our participation so far is only on the financing side, when the day comes when we're successful as we believe we will be, in becoming real estate owners of assets like this, we will be buying assets that have a lot of economic throwaway.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Thank you, operator. So let me reiterate our thanks to all of you for being on today's call. We believe our shareholders are going to be very well served by VICI growing quickly and energetically in a newly institutionalizing asset class with great partners during what has been an uncertain period. We believe as well that we are well positioned to continue growing our portfolio accretively while driving superior shareholder value. Again, thank you, and good health to all.
