John Payne: Thanks Ed and good morning to everyone. During the third quarter on September 20 we officially closed on the acquisition of JACK Cincinnati Casino and partnership with Hard Rock International. We were happy to close the first acquisition we announced in 2019 and we are very excited about the future of this property under Hard Rock's leadership. As many of you know earlier this week we announced our fourth transaction of 2019 in which we will acquire JACK Cleveland Casino and JACK Thistledown Racino and a sale-leaseback transaction with Jack Entertainment. We are paying a total of $843 million which represents an attractive 7.8% cap rate for urban real estate and will add $65.9 million of annualized rent to our portfolio. The transaction will expand our footprint in the state of Ohio one of the healthiest and fastest-growing regional markets across the country and will add a fifth tenant to our roster. We're very excited about beginning our long-term partnership with the team at Jack Entertainment and we will look for ways to partner with the Rock Ventures family of companies as they further their investment in Cleveland and concentrate on select assets within gaming. The transaction with JACK brings our total announced transactions in 2019 to $4.9 billion and total announced transactions since our company was formed just over two years ago to $7.6 billion. We are often asked how we've announced so many complex transactions in such a short period of time. As I've said since we started the company the principal keys to our success have been our true independence our deep understanding of the tenant's underlying business our focus on executing what we consider fair deals and finally our willingness and ability to structure deals to meet our operators' needs. Over the coming months we will focus on closing our remaining pending transactions as quickly and efficiently as possible. We continue to believe we have the best growth profile amongst our peers heading into 2020 and our significant embedded pipeline allows us to build on this growth consistently in the future. We also continue to invest time including through engagement with operators and learning about sectors outside of gaming as we work toward our goal of building a best-in-class REIT with geographic tenant and sector diversification. We have proven the ability to source and execute accretive deals and we will continue to evaluate transactions on their financial and strategic merits as we consider increasing our investment universe. We believe that the acquisitions we've announced to-date have demonstrated this discipline not only to our operating partners but also to our shareholders who have entrusted us with their capital. With that I will turn the call over to David who will discuss our balance sheet and financial results.
John Payne: Yes. Look I think John a great question. And Ed touched on almost all of it. In his opening remarks he did refer to the 2 ROFRs we have in Las Vegas with Caesars that we're quite excited about for the long-term. And we'll continue to watch how the new development opens up. As you know there has not been new development in Las Vegas for almost a decade. And it'll be exciting to add new product into that market and continue as Ed said to be this world-class destination resort market that caters to just a wide variety of demographics and age groups. So we're excited to see those open.
John Payne: No. I mean we think about that obviously. And what we like about our portfolio today is how diverse it is and we do have Las Vegas exposure and we have large regional exposure and we're also continuing to grow our pie. And so we see this opportunity to continue to be diverse in many different markets. And we realized we've said from the start of the company we really like Las Vegas we like the Strip we like the locals market and we like downtown as well. And so we'll continue to evaluate opportunities there. But we don't think there's overexposure because we also plan to continue to grow our company in other ways outside of Las Vegas.
John Payne: Sure. It was a little off. Again remember the third quarter is the quarter where we see in Las Vegas in particular where the course is due out to close for reseating. But we've been quite excited about the team we put in place and it's now going on almost two years of run it. Remember these courses were run particularly in Las Vegas as casino courses there were amenities to the casino operations and now they're run by us as stand-alone. And we've seen nice growth in a variety of areas not only in the golf business but also in weddings and other areas where we see ways we can use the facility differently. So a little off in the quarter but we feel quite good about the consistency of the business that we're going to see in 2020.
John Payne: No I think you nailed it. I think being associated and partners with very successful merchant developers over the next decade will open up opportunities for us. We think whether we decide to do it or not but this team is incredibly creative in what they do and what they've done in Detroit. The land they have in Cleveland around the assets that we just acquired so more to come on that but it's exciting. We're excited to be partners with them.
John Payne: Yes David good question and I'm glad to clarify my comments. The referring to decade was to the partnership with the Rock venture family of companies and working with them to develop. As it pertains to my comments about hospitality and experiential I think more in the near-term than that. So to your point about two or three years opportunities there I think we've been quite clear that we are spending time better understanding certain sectors spending time understanding great operators in those sectors and are there opportunities for us to continue to diversify our portfolio with the goal to continue to be geographic and have tenants and sector diversification. That clarifies my comments.
John Payne: No we like that link but it doesn't have to be that link I guess is the way I would put it. So if there are opportunities that are adjacent to facilities we own or others that are -- and they're developing experiential hospitality assets that we like and we can be involved we sure do. We'll study and understand that's right for us. But by no means does it have to be linked to a gaming operator or a gaming facility. In fact we're spending more of our time on areas that are not linked. But -- so that's really kind of where we are.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Carla it's a great question. And I think we can apply that term I used in my opening comments cognitive arbitrage to the credit markets as well. This is a new real estate asset class and real estate lenders have had to work to understand it in much the way that real estate equity investors have had to work to understand it. Because obviously they need to understand the key investment characteristics of our assets and the key characteristics of our credits -- our tenants sorry in their credit quality. And I think you could presume that over time we believe at least that the credit market will underwrite our real estate in such a way that it will start to more resemble through institutional real estate credit quality underwriting.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes John I'll start this and then I'll turn it over to my colleague John Payne. I think the starting point for us is we are tremendous believers in Las Vegas. The market as a whole the Strip downtown locals. And we just think that the fundamentals of Las Vegas are so strong when it comes to truly being a global city with the infrastructure to support the volume of activity that does take place there will continue to take place there from so many different visitor segments. In the particular case of Rio and Circus Circus I think we see those as both redevelopment repositioning opportunities. And at this point we didn't see a compelling need or opportunity to participate in those but we absolutely wish the new owners of those -- both of those 2 assets the very best and we believe they can succeed. They're obviously very smart investors and operators in both instances. And beyond that I'll turn it over to John for his further color.
Edward Pitoniak: And on the revenue side -- Barry I was just going to add on the revenue side. The golf courses have actually grown the revenues quite strongly in terms of both rounds and revenues have outperformed their markets substantially this year.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes Daniel good to talk to you. In terms of how big can or should VICI be I mean it should be as big as it can be while continuing to truly grow shareholder value in a risk-adjusted way that does not put shareholder value at risk which is to say getting bigger simply for the sake of getting bigger is not a strategy we would ever pursue. And in terms of how we look at opportunities across the full spectrum of opportunities we've got a team that has been demonstrated in these two years that has a tremendous amount of energy and a tremendous amount of capacity. We will always be looking at every option we have to increase shareholder value. And right now we think we've got a really nice full plate pursuing exactly the kind of strategy we've been pursuing these last 24 months.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes Daniel. Yes I think -- I apologize this is going to sound like a pat answer but I think time will tell. There are obviously a tremendous number of really smart people involved in the development and execution of the MGM strategy. And they obviously give evidence of that with a very compelling transaction they did with Blackstone. And we wish them -- we sincerely wish them the very best. We believe they did us a favor with that deal and we thank and congratulate them for that. And as time goes on I think they have the opportunity to demonstrate that an asset-light strategy can be value creating. And again I will only say we wish them the very best.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Well Smedes it's a very good question. And I would absolutely agree that there is value in the license. And in terms of the degree to which the value of the license can be subject to risk through a license expansion that is indeed a risk. But I think it's interesting to see what has unfolded in Pennsylvania and appears to be unfolding in Illinois. When a jurisdiction will put incremental licenses up for auction and the market participants acting very rationally tell the jurisdictions well we don't actually want to buy those because we think the market is adequately supplied. So right now I think you have at least for the time being a rational market when it comes to supply-demand balance even when a given jurisdiction might want to increase supply. And then in terms of the intrinsic value of the real estate while it may or may not have alternative uses it is truly bespoke real estate. It is mission-critical real estate it is very difficult to reproduce it is very expensive to reproduce and it's absolutely mission-critical to operators whose economics are so compelling. They're going to want to continue to occupy it. So I would just reiterate that while there may be differences of degree in value I would say that there will not be differences of kind especially for good solid regional assets in good regions where the tenant is a very solid occupant. And I'm going to say something I probably shouldn't say. But I believe I could make a rational argument that MGM National Harbor which is one of the great regional assets in America could be valued at a cap rate even south of Bellagio. It's a 24-hour City. It's an incomparable piece of real estate in incomparable location. I think there's a very very healthy and exciting and energetic debate that can be had around how to underwrite good regional gaming assets. And the degree to which people think they deserve a substantial discount to assets on the strip is potentially losing sight of real value.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. First of all John I want to clarify that if I -- I seem to suggest that regional assets should be valued equally or the same as Vegas assets. I'm sorry I didn't mean to say that. For select regional assets I believe I could make an argument and I could be defeated in the argument that there are select regional assets it could be considered even as valuable or even potentially more valuable than good strip assets. I think generally speaking again regional assets will probably trade at it sounds like slight or discount to be determined to Las Vegas real estate. In terms of how the market is looking at regional real estate in light of the Bellagio transaction I think I should highlight that it is only about 3 weeks ago. So it's a little too soon to tell although I will tell you that we had a call from somebody on the -- I think the Blackstone announcement was made on when -- on Tuesday and on Friday somebody called and said you guys haven't rerated yet 3 days later. So it will take a little bit of time. But I think you've seen indications from other parties like EPR a very very good REIT of their interest in gaming regional and otherwise. And I think you will see increased focus because again as people realize that there is value in the very intrinsic nature of this real estate they will realize that real estate outside of Las Vegas has value as well.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. No you're absolutely right Thomas. There can be situations in which they don't. And you would know even better than me. But I mean hotels may be a case in point right now where private market values are in excess of public market values. And when that disparity of value exists it does tend to correct over time. If nothing else the private market starts to scoop up underpriced public market assets. It does not tend to be a permanent condition unless there's something inherently wrong with the assets or the portfolios as a collection. And I suppose one of the options for public players in any real estate sector when the public market continues to undervalue them is again see if the private market will pay you more than the public market is willing to pay you today.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes we do occasionally but it's not because we feel they're undervalued it's because somebody else is interested in them for various strategic reasons on their own part. And after two years obviously we're still very excited about what we own. And we're also very excited about the progress we've made in two years such that we are not in any sort of state of frustration or impatient at this point as to how the market is valuing us. We believe the market's understanding of our value proposition continues to grow quarter-by-quarter. While there is occasional noise in the equity market overall and in the RMZ we like the progress being made and we're certainly not impatient at this point. Thank you, Thomas.
Edward Pitoniak: Rich it's a very good question. It's a very fair question. It's a question I've definitely mulled over in my mind. And I'd be a fool to tell you that I have a highly confident answer right now. But I would say that -- and this I think true Rich you know real estate very well. In any asset class you look at each opportunity on its own merits and with its own particularities. So in the case of Bellagio you would look at the trading cap rate of 5.75%. And you would evaluate that cap rate not only in relation to the property its quality its location the credit quality the tenant but you would also look at what were the lease terms associated with that 5.75% cap right? And then any other asset you look at whether it'd be CPLV or any other really higher end strip asset you would ask okay what should the cap rate be in relation to the particularities of the asset its lease the tenant and its credit. And I would simply say that we have absolutely love Caesars Palace as an asset. We're very excited about what Caesars has been doing with it. We're very excited about what the new Caesars management team will be doing with it. We love the fact that it's got land out front the 7 acres that we talk about in our investor deck that we believe are the most underutilized 7 great acres in American commercial real estate those being the 7 acres at the intersection of Flamingo and Las Vegas Boulevard otherwise known as the Strip. So yes I'm just going to leave it at. We love the hell out of that asset.
Edward Pitoniak: It definitely should be Rich. I don't think we would be very good real estate portfolio managers if we weren't always asking if a given asset in the portfolio might be worth more to someone else than it is to us. So we would not be doing our jobs if we did not over time engage in that kind of rigorous portfolio management asset by asset. And so I think to your point Rich it will be evidence of the further maturation of the asset class as an asset class and it will give further confidence to market participants that there is a liquid market in the assets and that values can be established with confidence.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. No we think about it a lot Michael. And we're glad to have you on the call. It'll go back to the remarks -- I'll go back to the scripted remarks I made which is that we have to count on the market if you will marking our assets to market and are getting the cost of capital improvements that would go with that. If that were not to happen we would have to be looking at assets we can afford and may have some strategic advantage in bidding core. I will say Michael that in this case we really put tremendous value on especially John Payne's relationships across the gaming sector and our ability to forge relationships with operators that in some cases as you've just seen this week give us a competitive bidding advantage. But again only time will tell. You've raised a question that could play out. We're hopeful and confident that it won't. If we can continue to demonstrate on our part that we're very shrewd energetic acquirers of assets at the right prices.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes you are absolutely right. You are absolutely right. And I do think that it is this iterative process where the demonstration of competitive advantage tends to improve the cost of capital which in turn increases competitive advantage. So what we want to achieve I guess Michael is virtuous cycle dynamics or flywheel dynamics choose whichever metaphor you want. And again we will be patient. We will not get out over our skis in terms of paying what we should not be paying in order to somehow try to demonstrate to the world we should be valued higher than the market is valuing us at that time.
Edward Pitoniak: Relentlessly and energetically investigating. And again I think what we're -- when we look at every sector that we look at outside of gaming Michael we really look through 4 key filters: Is it a highly cyclical sector? If it is it's frankly not as interesting; is it a sector that is vulnerable to secular threat which if you will the place based business means can Amazon put what is experienced in that place in a box and ship it to your house. That's one of the principal secular risk so many sectors are facing right now. The third one is the supply-demand dynamics. Is it a sector that is vulnerable to overinvestment which would lead to oversupply which would lead obviously to poor economics and thus poor returns. And then finally at the heart of the real estate is there an operator offering an end-user experience that has proven to be durable for decades going backward and is likely to be durable for decades going forward. What we're excited about is we're identifying a number of sectors that have those characteristics. Some of them may or may not have tremendous macro trends. Ski you mentioned it does not have tremendous macro trends over the past 3 decades but you got a couple of players surely who are demonstrating they can be very very successful and create an awful lot of value against an otherwise sluggish macro backdrop because of the competitive advantages that they're achieving through among other things network effect.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes yes exactly. At this point it does not appear to be online gaming it's been active now in the U.S. since 2011. And there's really very little evidence that it has cost brick-and-mortar visitation. You do have examples like New Jersey sports betting where there is an awful lot of mobile activity including those who take the path train to Hoboken and surface in Hoboken so they can place a bet. But at least in that case the revenue is funneling back through the brick-and-mortar facility. But by and large the reason people go to casinos is to get out of the house. And we think the human urge to get out of the house is a pretty enduring one.
Edward Pitoniak: Thank you very much operator. In closing we at VICI are more excited than ever about the institutionalization of this real estate asset class. We continue to make significant strides in executing our strategy as evidenced by our activity in the year-to-date and we have no I repeat no plans of slowing down. Our growth pipeline continues to be robust and we believe we are well positioned to continue growing our portfolio and driving superior shareholder value. Thanks again for your time today. We look forward to providing an update on our continued progress when we report our fourth quarter and year-end results. Thank you all.
David Kieske: That's right Carla. And just survey is clear everything that has been announced is not included in the guidance. So the guidance has been updated for the Cincinnati closing as well as some changes in some deferred financing fees. But guidance does not include Century Eldorado or the recently announced Cleveland/Thistledown transaction.
David Kieske: Yes it's a -- it's a secured first lien on the Higbee Building and the May Company Garage which is all part of Rock Ohio Ventures as our ultimately guarantor.
David Kieske: No you see in agri others do have multiple forwards outstanding at the same time. So no there's nothing structurally out there. It's just a -- it's an equity offering with the derivative component. So we could to your point if there was something out there sure.
