John Payne: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone. The first quarter of this year was a very exciting quarter for our company. On March 3, we announced the acquisition of the real estate of the iconic Venetian Resort in Sands Expo and Convention Center in Las Vegas. Upon closing this $4 billion acquisition will add $250 million of annualized rent growing VICI's revenue base by nearly 20% and is expected to be immediately accretive to AFFO per share. Importantly, we're acquiring over 8 million square feet of world-class real estate along the center of gravity on the Las Vegas Strip. The Venetian Complex is one of the top revenue generating real estate asset in the world and we are thrilled to acquire this property at a discount to replacement cost and at an accretive spread to our cost of capital. The Venetian checks many of the boxes that are crucial too successful real-estate investing. 1) Quality real-estate in a prime location. 2) Robust rent protection through an effective guarantee from an investment grade entity through 2023 followed by significant property level covenant protection. And 3) An incredible organization running the operations which will be supported by a palette of vast resources and incentivized by their own business model to grow profitably which ultimately enhances our rent coverage. Many of you closely follow the gaming Operators have undoubtedly heard that there recovering Las Vegas is accelerating. We hear customers have already returned in great numbers and convention and meeting bookings continue to grow. We are very bullish on the future of Las Vegas and look forward to growing our portfolio in this geography. In the gaming and leisure markets, our properties continue to showcase strength driven by new stronger operating model that we believe is here to stay. Many assets continue setting records as revamped operating models meet robust and consistent consumer demand. We are proud to be partners with the best-in-class Operators on our tenant roaster in wish them continued success. They deserve the upside there currently there enjoying. Over the past 42 months, we've acquired 14 assets deploying over $12 billion of capital doubling the size of our portfolio or making us the most active REIT in the gaming sector by very wide margin. As many of you understand the nature of our triple-net business model means do not operate or asset manage our properties on a day-to-day basis. This supports our team the ability to study and execute opportunities on behalf of our shareholders. Our diverse team of gaming hospitality and real-estate executives remains busier than ever working tirelessly to create one in America's leading REITs. We're very excited about the potential deal why and we see before, while the nature of gaming transactions are lumpy, we have delivered consistent acquisition activity enhancing our portfolio accretively on fair terms and with appropriate risk protection. From the day we started this company, we have strived to create sustainable value for our shareholders. We believe this is the basic principle should be a fundamental goal any successful independent REIT and we will work tirelessly on your behalf to continue grow in VICI creating sustainable fundamental value by enhancing our real-estate portfolio. Now, we'll turn the call over to David, who will discuss our financial results and guidance.
John Payne: Yes. Hey, Barry, good morning. Good to talk to you. Look, I won't speak for Apollo and their plans of growth. Obviously, they're excited about this asset. We’re excited to be partners with them. I'm sure we'll continue to look at this space as others because of how great the operators have been in recovering from the pandemic. But we didn’t go into it that there'd be other assets rolled into this Venetian lease, but we'll just have to wait and see, Barry.
John Payne: Barry, good talking to you about this. I sent out a couple of thank you notes when I saw $40 -- $40 million an acre. But in all seriousness, we got land - a tremendous amount of land behind our asset that Harrah's Las Vegas and Caesars has land as well behind their assets that Flamingo and the LINQ, and we continue to look to see if there's opportunities to expand the Strip deep in the Strip there. Whether we’re buyers or sellers, we’re just going to continue to look ways to grow our company accretively and continue to talk to folks to see if there's opportunities to make our assets and to create value with our real estate.
John Payne: Yes, Stefan, good to talk to you this morning. We don’t have any updates from the Indiana gaming regulars. We just have to wait and see their plans. They've always operated in the State of Indiana very fairly, and we'll just have to see how this ultimately plays out over the coming months.
John Payne: Yes, I'll start, Carlo. First, I want to give a shout out and just an amazing compliment to all the operators in the gaming space. And the results that are coming out that have been released are really amazing and operate in a new model in a very difficult time and showing margin improvements from 500, 600, all the way up to over a 1,000 basis points, Carlo. It's pretty amazing and sometimes it gets forgotten how hard that is the amount of work that the teams have had to do. And I just - our team has just tremendous respect not only for our tenants, operators who are tenants, but the others in this space. With that said, Carlo, you mentioned it right at the end is since we started the company in ‘17, we've been very active, we've been very fortunate to be able to do a large amount of accretive transactions for our company. And I just don’t see those conversations stopping at least would might play them back on the road back meeting with asset holders and Operators, I can't tell you obviously when the next deal will be for our company. But there is a great understanding now because of the time that we've spent in the other retailer space is how we of our nature can get into their capital stack. So, I think they'll continue those run rate in front of us that we obviously have in our embedded pipeline that even and outside our embedded pipeline.
John Payne: Rich, this is John, I think we lost Ed in that answer. I think you just going to add an excited, as you've been following the rebound in Las Vegas and I'll quickly that various business obviously the regional business as we've been talking about, quickly that the businesses are rebounding there and the rebooking windows that people are seeing are filling up. So, I think that's how we could end that question.
John Payne: This is John, I'll answer that. We've seen many competitive good processes during our time over the past four years. Obviously, if you're in the business of gaining or you're in the business of real-estate that by the gaming assets and you're not interested in the Venetian, I'm not sure where you're spending your time. I mean, this is an irreplaceable iconic world-class asset center-of-the-Strip located. And so, it was a competitive process. There were people who were interested in this asset as many would be and we're again we're fortunate to partner with Apollo and come up with the structure that ultimately got the transaction done. I don’t know if there's more or less folks that would be involved in the processes. I will say I'll reiterate what David said, which is because gaming has performed so well coming out of the pandemic and there's still many hospitality or experiential companies talking about cash burn. Compared to the gaming companies, our tenants who are talking about record EBITDA levels, all-time record EBITDA levels and all-time margin heights that I do think it's caught many investors eyes that say well this is a business that the consumer did not find a substitute during this pandemic, we should look into it. And so, that leads to more competition, we'll just have to after see.
John Payne: It's a great option, I mean this is where having expertise in-house that have run these assets with myself and Danny and in understanding how they're increasing their margin, where they're increasing their margin, which part of that margin is sustainable, where do we see there would be the risk. And so, as we think about any individual asset or combination of assets, where the margin has increased over the previous year, will study where we think it ultimately land the work with the Operator. If it's a bid process to see where they think it'll land and we'll underwrite accordingly.
John Payne: Well, it's not necessary that they set the level. They are forecasting where their business is going to be. They show what the previous three months or six months has been. So, there's actual numbers the forecast numbers. And again, if we're digging into the purchase of the real-estate of an asset with an Operator will dig into the historic EBITDA levels and margin levels where the new levels are and really study what is going to be sustainable. And that's how we'll ultimately come up with the appropriate starting EBITDAR that we underwrite the asset with the tenant if it's the sale I mean, with a current Operator, but say a lease back or with a new tenant, new Operator if it's a complete sale that we're going in with in our scope.
John Payne: We'd have to take, honestly you'd have to take that asset by asset and it's hard to say whether there's a widening or not, again will follow our process that we've done to acquire assets over the past three years.
John Payne: David, and good to talk to you, wish I could see you all. Yes David, and these are areas that we continue to looked at, if there's opportunities north of us in Canada or other countries that could fit into our reformat and be good REIT income. We'll continue to understand if there's an opportunity for us. So, we got to pass it at you that we got expertise to look there. You all rightly do have a strong embedded pipeline to continue to grow our company in the coming years without any new deals. But that does not stop, it's from understanding where there could be opportunities more we could help a good sent company grow by monetizing their real-estate.
John Payne: Yes, as long as it meets, we got to understand the tax situation, it will lull the only real-estate, a variety of other things, if they can work we'll tend to look at it.
John Payne: Yes. John, good talking to you. When we announced the Venetian, we were very clear that we, after the Venetian is closed, we will still be getting 58% of our rents from regionals and 42% from Las Vegas. And as you mentioned, we do have ropers, but don’t forget the very exciting foot call that we have and two large Indianapolis asset that would be in region. So, I think our plan continues to be to have a diverse portfolio as a mix of Las Vegas and again, you heard me say John, I like the downtown area of Las Vegas, I like the regional part of Las Vegas and I like the Strip where we’ve asset today. And then, I think you all see us continue to add to our portfolio in other region. So the key is that we’re going to remain balanced and diverse as we’ve since we started the company.
David Kieske: Thanks, John. I'll touch briefly on our balance sheet and liquidity and give a summary of our financial results and guidance which are fully detailed in the press release we built the last night. As we've discussed, in the first quarter we announced our biggest transaction to date the $4 billion acquisition of the real-estate of the Venetian Resort in Sands Expo in Las Vegas which will significantly grow the left side of our balance sheet. Simultaneously, we maintain a relentless focus on our capital structure to immediately access the equity capital markets an approach we've taken to and stay one of this REIT to secure accretive long-term funding and ensure we build the right side of our balance sheet to endure any heavy weather that may come our way. On March 8, we completed a follow-on offering of 69 million shares of common stock in an offering price of $29 per share for growth proceeds of $2 billion through a series of forward sale agreements to fund the equity portion of the Venetian acquisition. Proceeds remain subject to settlement pursuing to the terms of the forward sale agreements. This equity along with an unsecured debt rate that we intent to execute prior to the transaction closing provides VICI with all the capital needed to acquire this world-class asset on a leverage neutral basis. Our total outstanding debt at quarter end was $6.9 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 0.01%, rated average maturity of our debt is approximately 5.9 years, nearly have no debt maturing until 2024. As of March 31, our net debt to LTM EBITDA was approximately 5.4 times. This is in line with our stated range in focus of maintaining net leverage between 5.0 and 5.5 times. So, please note this ratio is not reflective of our true run rate leverage level as it does not include the full impact of income from the Eldorado Caesars transaction, meaning if you take into consideration a full 12 months of rent from that transaction, our pro forma leverage would be at the low end of our stated range. We currently have approximately $3.8 billion in liquidity comprised of $323 million in cash and a $1 billion availability under our undrawn revolving credit facility. In addition, we have access to approximately $537.4 million in proceeds from the future settlement of the 26.9 million shares under the June 2020 forward and approximately $1.9 billion from the future settlement of the 69 million shares under the March 2021 forward. Turning to financial results, AFFO was $255 million or $0.47 per diluted share for the quarter. Total AFFO increased 41.7% over Q1 2020, while our weighted average diluted share count increased approximately 17.1% as a result of the settlement of the June 2019 forward sale agreements, which added 65 million shares to our balance sheet in June of 2020 ahead of this closing of the Eldorado Caesars transaction. Our G&A was $8.1 million for the quarter and as a percentage of total revenues was 2.2% for the quarter which represents one of the lowest ratios in the triple-net sector. As Ed mentioned, we are reaffirming AFFO guidance for the full-year 2021, in both absolute dollars as well as on a per share basis. As many of you are aware, beginning on January 2020, we were required to implement a CECL accounting standard which due to its inherent unpredictability leaves us unable to forecast net income and FFO with accuracy. Importantly, our guidance is AFFO focused as we believe, AFFO represents the best way to measure the productivity of our equity investments and evaluating our financial performance and ability to pay dividends. We continue to expect AFFO for the year ending December 31, 2021 to be between $1 billion $10 million and $1 billion $35 million or between a $1.82 and a $1.87 per diluted share. The pre-share estimates reflected dilutive impact of the pending 26.9 million shares related to the June 2020 forward sale agreements assuming settlement and the issuance of such shares on December 17, 2021, the amended maturity date of the June 2020 forward as well as the dilutive effect of the pending 69 million shares related to the March 2021 forwarded sale agreements. And as a reminder, our guidance does not include the impact on operating results from any pending or possible future acquisitions or dispositions capital markets activity or other non-recurring transaction. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
David Kieske: Yes, thanks Dan. In terms of the incremental improvement in our cost of capital from investment grade, I mean it obviously depends on the debt markets overall but if you look at historical spreads, it's 50 basis points to a 100 basis point or a 150 basis points, sometimes 200 basis points of improvement in rates for investment grades versus rates in the unsecured high yield market which we're currently in. Yes, I think our past with investment grade is probably not quite 12 months, I mean it's 12, 24 months from now is as most folks know we need to get rid of that $2.1 billion term loan that's outstanding in on income where our balance sheet. But, the overall goal from day one is to get to that investment grade credit rating, talking really lower our cost of capital and that exactly your point and then it makes our transactions our ability to pay. Increases our ability to pay and increases the accretion that widens our funnel and allows us to do more accretive deals going forward. So, it's something we're highly focused on and we talk to the agencies frequently and we were pleased to see S&Ps and we look forward that came out to U.S.
David Kieske: Yes. R.J., I get to get here. And we do first part is to be actually accurately reflect the risk. No, I think we've then why we want to acquire as much as we can in that as we can you really think the risk is mispriced. I think ultimately, people will continue as they have done over the last three plus four five years understand the strength and really demonstrated by the last 12 months if we go back to our call a year ago what we were talking about closings and some every casino in the world. And the business model and the resiliency of our Operators with the ability to maintain rent throughout one of the worst pandemics in history highlights the strength of our cash flows and obviously the resiliency of our real-estate. As John mentioned in his remarks around the levels of conversation and we've factored all of you let this before that there are new entrances looking at gaming because they realize well that's the sector where the consumer hasn’t done the replacement for the experience. And it's a sector that is making money versus other entertainment leisure hospitality sectors that are still talking about cash burn around on turned finally turning the corner from cash burn to slightly cash burn positive. So, I think that's the opening driver that continues to push cap rates lower because you have more entrance and more fluidity in the transaction market like you see in broader real-estate sectors.
David Kieske: I don’t think it's in either or gaming by the magnitude is the of the assets and the cash reserves, the majority of our spectrum, but -- mostly peers and we've talked to with all of you in the past. We stood the other sectors and meet with other Operators to understand where we might be able to expand into non-gaming and states that may not have gaming to give us a diversified portfolio real-estate or with Operators like the Chelsea Piers team, does have a have a phenomenal business model that are essentially casinos without gaming that have multiple levers, multiple business drivers, multiple revenue streams and a customer base that is very varied resilient and some loyal to that experience.
David Kieske: Yes. I mean, I think what this continue to be as we talked about, more folks looking at gaming, but the overall term continues to grow as you see the expansion of gaming in new jurisdictions, the Dallas and last November where there's six new jurisdictions in new entrance or new proposals for to seeing as Richmond, Virginia, obviously were we have to go for in Denver. So, as we think about the investible universe, we talked to you about $4 billion to $5 billion of buyable rents that's $50 million to $60 million, $70 million in buyable real-estate. But it's not a static number, it's a number that it was beyond that because you think about the ability for Operators to add towers, add rooms, add convention space, and that gives a great funding opportunities for VICI and then the new supply that comes in. Supply can cut both ways, we need to be cognizant of where the new supply is relative to our existing assets. But generally, it's a positive because it creates funding opportunities, increases the term. So, we're very optimistic about the future and our ability to continue to grow consistently year-in and year-out as we've done from day one with this REIT.
David Kieske: Yes, thank you Thomas, good to talk to you. Overall, 92% of our rent is subject to CPI kickers. And the biggest one being Caesars both the Regional Master lease and the Las Vegas lease which takes effect every year November 1, so that kicked in that escalated last November. And in terms of, if you look at what didn’t hit it CPI's last year, but just given where CPI was versus the 2% bump in Las Vegas and the 1.5% bump in the regional leases. But, we like our CPI protections at something that we focus on in our leases and something that we think just given with all the talk around inflation out there. It differentiates such from the other two gaming REITs.
David Kieske: There are certain leases that have kind of a one or two year, three year holiday depending on the lease. Hard Rock is 1.5 for the first four years and it's the greater is 2% of CPI after the Century leases 1% for years two and three and then one in the quarter or CPI had after. So, there is a holiday for depending on the lease and when we end close the transaction for a period of time. So, it somewhat tagged to other portfolio.
Ed Pitoniak: And, Barry, if I could just add, this is yet another example of investors and other real estate asset classes realizing the value of the Las Vegas Strip, right? And I know, Barry, you've heard us cite in prior conversations the fact that retail real estate along the Strip has traded in the last 10 to 15 years at cap rates that start with either three or four, right? And this trade of those two acres is another indication that retail real estate investment along the Strip us further advanced in terms of valuation and the gaming real estate, but that's part and parcel of the institutionalization story we've been talking about with you for the last 3.5 years. Over time, the world is going to recognize the gaming real estate along that Strip should be considered just as valuable as retail real estate along the Strip for both fundamental reasons and frankly secular reasons.
Ed Pitoniak: So with that, I would add Carlo is that another factor driving in M&A right now and the part of Operators, that network effect is important and it's valuable if we can achieve it. In my own category is, curious on operations obviously they'll demonstrate it very powerfully. There were loads of network effect. And Caesars, Harrah's, last Caesars historically has obviously demonstrated that power of network effect. And I think, with the emergence in sports betting and what should be a very strong tailwind for gaming coming out of COVID, I do think that network effect is a much of factor in driving M&A right now for both bigger and smaller Operators, is that’s stepped my sense in specialty have.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, this is a good and intriguing question. And first of all, hats off to Canadian, the team at Realty Income. They are demonstrating what you can achieve when you have a superior cost of capital. Basically, the better and better your cost of capital gets, the wider your funnel gets when it comes to generating growth. I would say for the time being, we are so most fundamentally focused on defining what it will mean in the decade and decades ahead to be an experiential REIT. And at this point, we cannot identify another REIT out there that has a critical mass of experiential real-estate at the kind we want to invest in. But having said that, we are obviously very mindful at the end of every day, the beginning of every day that we work for our shareholders. And if we determine especially in constitution with our shareholders that the time has come when we should be considering such M&A, we will absolutely do so. We're not dogmatic about anything except for the fact that we think we want great real-estate and half of our shareholders. So again, we really do believe that experiential is going to be the best place to invest given the secular trends behind experiential. Those secular trends were already in evidence before COVID. The consumer preference for experience over things were very strong before COVID and when then our aid has proved it during COVID, we're already starting to see come back not only with our Operators but other experiential sectors. And if you combine that secular trends with the demographic trends that are in place whether it'd be baby boomers moving into their prime leisure years and millennials entering family formation. Experientials is really where we want to be. And if we're going to continue to grow our experiential portfolio, we're going to need to do it and want to do it by frankly discovering and mining white space with triple-net REITs that's not conventionally played in.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I'll start Ed, and turn it over to John and David, Rich. It is obviously a question that we're dealing with or that these dealings will be. What we're very confident at is that Apollo is coming into this with a very clear vision of how to value that how you had been always been working a lot of sectors. And I have never seen the depth of Bill Johnson fall in when underwriting like ISR in this case. They did very much of their credit, they did primary research. Primary, proprietary research to determine among other things what exactly is the outlook of meeting players across America. And I'd say that is one example of the depth that Bill Johnson did lots of this and the credibility they’re bringing to their strategic and their business plan. And then, when it comes down to it, private equity firms obviously tend to exit when they created a lot of value and conceptualize that value. So, our prevalent assumption is, they will exit when the asset is performing very well and when the asset will be very attractive. Would be in whatever structure the exit takes place. And at this point, I don’t think that's predefined, whether by then it's been a platform that gets taken public or whether it's still a single standalone asset. It'll nonetheless be a single standalone asset as John has said in his remarks is, we believe the highest of using few more assets in America's real-estate. So, we really think when about this Rich and excited to see what they're going to do especially --
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, it's Ed, Rich. Because its talking is bad and I apologize everyone for dropping off hearing my answer to Rich Hightower. That is a very interesting question that no one's actually asked before. It probably would have been a factor given their investment grade. They're obviously very well serviced, they are the I guess multi cap gaining company in the world. So, hypothetically yes potentially. I do think though Rich, it's also worth reiterating that this deals have placed at a very idiosyncratic time in the market. A time in the market where a whole lot of would be bidders or sidelined because of uncertainty. This full process began at a point in late mid-to-late Q4 when the world was well when the U.S. was at a point of COVID resurgence that was causing a lot of uncertainty. And that's we were able to take action with Apollo at a time when many others couldn’t or wouldn’t. And that is that too was a fundamental factor in the price we ended up paying.
Ed Pitoniak: And selling simply for the sake of selling, selling for this simple sake of finance or engineering nonetheless take the question what would I do with the proceeds. And frankly, when John and the rest of our team, we are the Operators. We always say you need a good reason to sell. And that really then breaks into next question is what would you do with the proceeds. And what we really preach frankly is we should have a compelling use for the proceeds and we fundamentally believe that funding growth is a tremendous use of proceeds because if you receive proceeds or a sale lease back, you're receiving proceeds that have the fact though equity. Because we never ask them the money back. And you can then deploy that the factor or preferred equity at a price that is even with the training up or begin your Operators there's still deeper equity and make a raise and we open the market. And I do think one of the dynamics that’s had work right now is the dynamic of network effect of growing store count. And that I think is already creating and we'll continue to create transactional liquidity.
Ed Pitoniak: I'll just add to David's question that. Our business model is one as well that it enables us puts us in a position that could pave to grow internationally very cost effectively. And just to dramatize the efficiency of our business model. If we use 2018 as a base year, since then on an annualized basis, we’ve grown our rent and because of triple-net that’s our NOI by approximately a billion dollars. And growing our NOI by a billion dollars has passed us only about $1.5 million to $1.8 million of incremental cash to G&A. I feel like, I’m glad it went to heaven with VICI because we can grow and grow very quite protectively and there is no reason that lies well to creating global reach, David.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. John, I don’t know that we’ve seen a lot of evidence yet that commercial construction costs are accelerating anywhere near the way that residential construction costs are accelerating, I mean, like to deploy was gone from 17 bucks to 42 bucks in recent months. But, there is no lot of commercial construction that deals with whole lot of plywood. So, it remains to be seen what will be, in fact, in commercial construction. I could just say though, being in the meeting, convention business as our Operators are especially in Las Vegas. When there is a glorying construction sector in the US that tends to be a very good thing for Las Vegas and for the regional market and not just when Con Agar connects both or the world of concrete shows up. That’s all part and parcel of growing it, really good for our Operators and that’s it for us.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, it’s a good question and you’re correct. [Indiscernible] opened a live asset in west mall in Pennsylvania. It would be interesting to watch it with a supplement license in Pennsylvania where they add it, somewhat they call smaller like and you mentioned they’re opened in a mall whether other state beside the licensing process, either add to licenses that are in restrictive stage 4 as new states open specifically saying, we’re going to use it as a redevelopment tool and the site is this mall that’s not doing too well. We just have to wait and see the asset that they built and my understanding is very naïve and is a unique way of using real estate in different way and we will just continue to monitor and I am sure other states are looking at how that all plays out, but I think we’re in early innings there.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, operator. Let me just close out by reiterating our thanks to all of you for being on today’s call. We’re proud of the growth that we provided to our stockholders this quarter and believe they’re very well positioned to continue delivering industry leading growth and driving shareholder value. And as John pointed out, we’re very excited about continuing growth prospect of our tenant partners here at the forefront of the reopening of America’s leisure economy. Again thank you and good health to all.
