John Payne: Sure. Well, I can’t specifically talk about that, but I think, as the past 22 months I’ve indicated, I hope to you, Carlo, that we remain busy and active at all times. And so, we continue to work that deal that we called out and we continue to be on the road quite a bit in comparison to others and look at other opportunities as well. So it’s a busy even during these summer months right now.
John Payne: Yes, John, it’s a great question and I give a lot of credit to my colleagues on the phone Ed, David, Sam, Gabe and the whole team that come from a REIT background. And I think in the gaming space, the explanation of how REIT can help a company grow was really based on my colleagues helping me tell that story to potential sellers that hadn’t been done before in our space. And so the first year we spent a lot of time doing that and it has led, as you can see, to opportunities with a wide variety of folks in our space and really outside in the experiential space. So to answer your question specifically, we obviously continue to spend a lot of time with outbound calls, but as I’ve said over previous quarters we’re seeing more inbound calls and we’re also seeing more inbound calls with folks who understand the model a lot better than they did a few years ago, where it wasn’t just lease on the table and say take it. It’s an explanation of how a REIT in our space can be a partner, can be a long-term partner, can help the companies grow, and so it’s been a good start for our company.
John Payne: Well, I think you described the range for us. I think we – as we started the company, we didn’t put brackets around what we’re going to look at and not look at. We thought that would restrict us. It would not allow us to meet all gaming operators and even non-gaming operators at this time. And so we really do we take any meeting, it doesn’t mean we’ll do any deal, obviously. But we don’t put parameters around the size, if it’s creative for us, if it’s with a strategic partner like Century that many would describe as a small deal, not many $300 million deals are called small, but they are seems to be in this space. But that was with the – as an example, an operator that we believe is growing a U.S. platform and not only would do that deal but others. So the simple answer is we’re looking at a lot of different things of all magnitude and we’ll continue to do that, because we think it will lead the quarters like we just ended.
John Payne: And let me I just add a little bit to that, because I think sometimes Daniel, at this perspective, I mean we just finished announcing a quarter of $3 billion worth of acquisitions, just three years ago…
John Payne: In this $4 billion sorry. Just in this perspective, just in this space three years ago that would last 18 months before someone would do anything else. And so I think that it’s just perspective change a little bit to say, well, there’s not a lot of activity in this space. And we’re sitting here in August and we’re just one company that last quarter announced $4 billion of acquisition. So I’d say it’s very active. Again, I’m not contradicting my friends at Boyd at all it’s just – I think perspective – it depends on where your perspective is.
John Payne: No. I think you described it well. I mean, I was – our independence is a huge competitive advantage for us. We don’t have a parent company that gives us deals or hands us deals. We have to work every day to get out there to build relationships with others and prove that we can close deals with a wide variety of operators and we’re going to continue to do that. A simple way doing it makes me, makes me work hard every day to get out there to get more deals and, it will continue to be, the independence as you mentioned is going to continue to be a big factor of it.
John Payne: And I’ll just add onto that. I mean I think as people see that the number of transactions that we’ve done as a company at 7%, 8%, 9% cap rates when they’re in other industries and they are buying and then the stability of our tenants and the quality of our tenants and their ability to attract new consumers and keep those consumers. And then there’s other REITs that are in spaces that are buying things at 3%, 4%, 5%. I think there’s no question that people are taking a look at this space. Obviously EPR has put one of the best gaming executives I’ve worked with on their board. And I don’t think they do that if they weren’t looking at, about this space. And, as I’m out talking to potential sellers, there’s no doubt that there’s other REITs that are beginning to try to understand, this space and that’s why we’ve built our model on partnerships and winning the ties and being the firm that understands the growth plans and those things. So, anyway I agree with that, that over time there’s going to be others entering this.
John Payne: No, I think you described it well. That’s how we thought about negotiating as having multiple opportunities in the future and not just one. So, whether it’s when they want to execute in Indianapolis or on the Strip or in Baltimore or other opportunities, you can see that “embedded” pipeline opportunities are multiple and will allow us to again, have that metronomic growth, that historically has not been seen in the gaming REIT space. But I think you’re seeing it in our two years of just continuing to knock out growth and acquisitions, for our shareholders.
David Kieske: Yes. That’s right, Carlo. And just to clarify, in terms of what we’ll raise later in the year in terms of, as react to debt markets, we do not need any more equity. We will not go back to the equity markets to fund. The acquisitions that we have announced or the potential acquisition that’s referred to an S-4, part of the reason that we upsize the offering was to take into account. Our pipeline, we feel confident about our pipeline and do not foresee any more equity in the near term.
David Kieske: John, it’s David. I’ll start and John Payne can add onto that. I mean right now, obviously we’ve announced a lot and we have a lot to digest and to close. So right now we’re focused on ensuring that we lay out a discipline financing plan on the long-term debt and continue their path towards lowering our cost of capital to ultimately pursuing a path towards investment grade. But in terms of acquisitions, like we’ve got the capacity to, as John said, we meet with a lot of people and we look at a lot of things and some larger transactions probably right now are probably off the table for us. As we think about ensuring the closing of Cincinnati, they closing a Century and then ultimately working with Eldorado to ensure the seamless closing of the broader transaction early next year.
David Kieske: We will take out the CMBS stat as part of the broader Eldorado transaction. As we announced back in June, Eldorado is agreed to split those – the transaction cost, the breakage costs with us. And as part of the overall transaction, we will either take that out with you, the term loan or high yield and just to give a little bit of depending on the markets where they are in the cost of capital. And that cleans up our capital structure too, which has been a very positive feedback for the rating agencies. And then that begins to remove the big hang up in the rating agencies right now is just the amount of secured debt that we have in our cap structure. And so to start to more towards an unsecured borrower, ultimately through the high yield markets and then long-term through the investment grade markets is our plan over the course of the next several months.
David Kieske: Investment grade is probably 24 months, 18 months to 24 months, maybe 36 months off. We’ll meet with the agencies in the fall here. But a lot of it will be, again, they remove the secured debt that’s in our cap stack. And that’s both the CMBS, the second liens that are, we can call next year in October of 2020 and I would say the term loans we have today are secured debt. So we got a little bit of work to do, but taking out that CMBS was a big first step and we’re excited about that.
David Kieske: Its November 10 is when we can repay it. That’s the first call window. And then sometime late fourth quarter, early first quarter 2020.
David Kieske: Yes RJ it’s David, good question. As you saw last year we announced the dividend increase in Q3. I think, one of the things that we wanted to set this company up to be ultimately be a dividend aristocrat. So, year in and year out consistent dividend announcement in terms of timing and ultimate dividend growth, we discussed the dividend with the board on a quarterly basis. So any future increase is bound to subject to board approval. But we’ve always targeted an AFFO payout ratio in the mid-70%, 75% area. That’s as we talked about with you to give us like an internal self funding. So, I think you’ll see the dividend in and around that payout ratio. And start to implement a consistent annual sequencing of increasing that dividend, on an annual basis and not in line just with the announcement of acquisitions, but again to keep this year in and year out consistent timing for our increase.
David Kieske: Yes RJ, if you layer in the 50 million shares, starting January 28 and take that out to whatever that is 183, 182 days that gives you about 435 million, weighted average share of about 435 million and you can see in our release, we’re about 438 million. So, it is a 3 million share impact from the forward.
David Kieske: Yes. Bradford, it’s a good question, because obviously part of the Eldorado overall strategy is de-levering and I think Tom and Brad have been pretty vocal that the put could be a potential mechanism for Eldorado to de-lever their balance sheets. So look, part of the way we think about it is we are, once we’ve settle the forward we’ll have $11 billion of equity market cap and be somewhere in sort of $16 billion $17 billion total enterprise value company. We increased our line-of-credit this year to a billion. You’ll probably see that increase over time as well. So as we approach, the period between 2021 and 2024 when that asset could be potentially put through us, we feel we’ll have sufficient liquidity on our balance sheet, our access to liquidity to be able to execute that put if Eldorado doesn’t in fact do that during that time period.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, well, I think, John, our fundamental opportunity continues to be to invest in what we believe is fundamentally great real estate, real estate of high institutional quality. And yet, we’re able to do so at this time, at what are still, we believe, bargain prices. If you wanted to put it into something at a private equity real estate framework, typically in private equity real estate you talk about either core yields, core plus yields value-add and opportunistic or opportunistic and value-add. And we believe right now, we’re buying core plus to opportunistic yields for what is fundamentally real core real estate. We love this opportunity. And we believe – for those who haven’t yet been able to see it, we highly recommend that everybody take a look at the report that Green Street put out on our sector earlier this week. It’s a collaborative effort on the part of VICI, MGP and GLPI. And we think it further emphasizes the core message, which is this is fundamentally great real estate. And what we fundamentally have is the opportunity to build a great portfolio of real estate with great tenants, whose operating business is what ensures the long-term integrity and durability of our real estate cash flows. So, again we just want to continue to tell the story. We want to continue to ignore the noise in the market. We’re at a point right now as a country, frankly, where there is so much noise and nervousness whether around politics and policy or the capital markets. And yet we think underneath all of that, the economy continues to be very strong. And as you have seen, John, with the reports out of Penn and Boyd last night and as everybody saw from the June Strip data, gaming continues to go on really well. And we believe it’s got a long runaway ahead of it. And we also like obviously prospects for other experience in sectors if you look at demographic trends and cultural trends that we think are going to continue to put great value on experience in real estate. I realize that’s a 50,000-foot answer, but I hope it is of some service to you.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I’m going to turn it over John in just a second here, John Payne, John DeCree. But what I just want to say, before I turn it over to John, is that what we’re seeing is greatly increased receptivity from gaming companies that want to grow. It’s simple as that. Gaming companies who want to grow are realizing that gaming REITs are a great way to help finance their growth. We represent another source of permanent capital, permanent capital that is frankly more affordable than equity they might rise or other permanent capital they might rise in the public markets. And we continue to believe that gaming growth – gaming-oriented growth companies will continue to look to VICI for help in achieving their growth ambitions, but to give you more color and granularity on that, I’ll turn it over to John.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, Stephen, it is a good question. I mean just on the announced acquisition, the $4 billion that we announced in the second quarter that adds about $320 million of rent. Obviously we need to lever that and based on our share count that’s $0.60 a share part of rent and obviously we need to put that in our leverage neutral basis. So the way we set up the REIT is that the year-in, year-out growth of 10% to 12% on the total return and part of the issue that we face in this sector is this front-loading that growth, right. We have announced Greektown in November, we closed this year, so you get three quarters of rent and AFFO in 2019, and now Century as well as Eldorado will close next year. So continue to build growth in AFFO for years to come. We will get about half of – half of the Eldorado transactions just assuming immediate close in 2020 and a then full year of rent in 2021. So we continue to ladder the growth of the company by working day in and day out to add the acquisitions and sequenced it into the FFO growth over time.
Ed Pitoniak: And for the second part of your question, Stephen, in terms of outside of gaming, what would we see as guard rails. Most fundamentally, the real estate has to be home to an experience that we believe has great durability to it. That it is an experience that is greatly valued today by the end user and is an experience that will be greatly valued by the end user 25, 35 years from now. And that experience probably has to have within at what we call experience complexity. It’s what we love about gaming. It is an experientially complex business in which the operator has the opportunity every day to refine the experience, add new elements to it, replace what has become obsolete with what is new and fresh. And we will look – when we do look outside of gaming, we will look for that same experience of complexity and that same fundamental durability of experience.
Ed Pitoniak: And we’re certainly doing all we can to learn about sectors outside of gaming, identify sectors outside of gaming. They would have the characteristics that that would lend themselves to a compelling investment thesis. But needless to say, with $4 billion of gaming acquisitions in one quarter, we are very, very excited about continuing to help gaming companies grow. And that includes big companies like Eldorado and Caesars and obviously smaller companies like Century, which the great growth opportunities for themselves as well.
Ed Pitoniak: Cameron, I’d just like to add to what John said that, the fundamental value proposition of a REIT is to be able to distribute cash through all cycles. And given that reason for being a REIT should inherently have some element of hedging and its portfolio strategy. A REIT should not be overexposed to anyone geography, anyone necessarily customer segment. So that one can again ensure that the cash is there to distribute through all cycles. And that’s we like having the biggest investment spectrum in the gaming REIT space. That again enables us to do the kind of deal we did with Eldorado, while also doing the kind of deal we did with Century. Because by having that diversity of tenant diversity of geography, we again put the REIT in a place where we’re not overexposing to anyone particular aspect of the business that that could lead to higher risk in terms of the sustainment, sorry, of distributions.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I think it varies by geography, by market segment, by operator size. You’ve obviously seen Dan, in recent weeks, you obviously saw our announcement with Century. You saw the announcement of the transactions Twin River did with Eldorado. There are – there is activity going on and again, it’s going on maybe at segments or at asset level. Asset size levels that Boyd does not operate at and again Boyd is a really good company. And again, I think it’s part of the fact that this is a sector that we – those of us moved to gaming like myself and David are realizing it has more diversity to it than we initially understood. And these smaller assets need to be understood as smaller assets in the larger context of hospitality and entertainment or recreation, because while they may be relatively small assets within the gaming universe in terms of EBITDA per asset versus hotels or other recreational asset, these things make a lot of money. So there is activity going on. And again, we like the fact that we’ve got an investment spectrum that enables us to do the kind of deal we did with Eldorado. The strip assets at the same time that we can do the deal we did with Century.
Ed Pitoniak: Caesars really would be essentially precluded under their merger agreement with Eldorado likely to do a deal without having Eldorado’s approval. So it would be more complicated than that, giving a size of that.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, it’s a great question. It was, it was obviously a guiding principle to the deal we ended up constructing with Tom Reeg and Bret and the Eldorado team. We see great merit in them having that balance. To your point, it is the substance, the key substance of our rent coverage and it obviously is a key element in their cost of capital and how it is they’re valued. So, we would be very happy if they continued to maintain that kind of ratio. The ROFRs don’t necessarily mean sale leasebacks, and we again think that Tom is approaching this with a philosophy that it puts both companies, the New Caesars and VICI in very strong positions.
Ed Pitoniak: I’ll start and then I’ll turn it over to John. I think it is high, I mean, speaking of this again I go back to this thing fundamentally really good real estate that is available at very, very attractive prices. And, there are certain bidders that could show up for regional assets. There’s perhaps another set of bidders who would show up for Las Vegas assets. I think we should all keep in mind the Las Vegas Strip, real estate gaming real estate does not require the real estate owner to be licensed, which could make it very comfortable for certain kinds of real estate, institutional investors to very quickly move into the ownership of Las Vegas Strip real estate. And again, we’re seeing the degree to which institutional capital, applies very high value to the Las Vegas Strip real estate. If you happen to notice the latest print on the refinancing of the Grand Canal Shaft recognition, which got valued for the purposes of the loan made on those assets of, I think it was an implied cap rate of 4.5. Right. So again, I think there will be a lot of hunger for this real estate given how fundamentally good it is in a commercial real estate environment where you’re looking at sectors that are either undergoing secular challenges or otherwise really fully baked in terms of how they are valued today.
Ed Pitoniak: RJ, previously we had a growth pipeline that lasted until 2022 given the original call agreements. And we used those call properties to effectively extend our growth pipeline to what we believe is probably around 2025 especially if you then incorporate the put-call we already possessed on the Las Vegas, the Forum Convention Center, which opens next spring by hosting the NFL Draft. So again, we’ve got a pipeline now that visibly goes to about 2025 and includes hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental rent. And I don’t think there’s many other American REITs out there with that kind of pipeline.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, that’s a great question Dahlia. We, think that all three companies, MGP, GLPI and ourselves have done a very good job of showing the degree to which on a back-testing basis, the gaming REIT rents would have been well covered even during the great financial crisis. So, we have a lot of faith in a garden variety recession, if you will, should absolutely have no harmful impacts to our cash flows or to those of our colleagues at MGP and GLPI. So we don’t think that is in and of itself a necessity. We think that there is a growing awareness again of the quality of the real estate. And that’s what should be the ultimate valuation of our sector. It takes time. Every cap rate compression story that’s ever played out takes time. And frankly, the entrance of new bidders is a validating step that could be a key element in that re-rating. But at the end of the day, what we most have faith in is, is the fundamental intrinsic quality of our real estate and its ability to produce sustained free cash flow for our investors cycle in cycle out. That’s the ultimate base case comfort that everyone should have. But above and beyond that, there is this opportunity for our real estate to be revalued accordingly.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I think there’s two are their operating strengths, do they operate well, do they know their customers, do they have a strong enduring relationship with the end users who are the ultimate, determinant of the value of the property? And then do they have a good strong balance sheet that’s going to enable them to weather every cycle, a credit and economic. And so far, needless to say, we’re very happy with the tenant roster we have and we will continue to use those two key criteria, operating strength and balance sheet to evaluate any other tenant we’ll do business with.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I would just add to that, Brad, that when the day comes that all the puts or calls have been exercised, I would say as a general management principle, we will still want to have that capacity to take advantage of opportunity. As Warren Buffet says you want to fearful when everybody else is greedy and greedy when everybody else is fearful. So, we always want the REIT to be in a position to be opportunistic when others may not have the capacity to be opportunistic.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you operator. Thank you to everybody who’s been on the call. To sum up in short as VICI history has been Q2 2019 with an inflection point in our brief history. We announced new partnerships, great new tenants, Hard Rock and Century. We entered into a transaction to help facilitate the transformation of our largest tenant Caesars. We further fortified our balance sheet with a largest primary REIT follow-on in history. We restocked our growth pipeline such that through embedded growth, we could potentially add hundreds of millions of dollars of new rent to our rent roll over the next five to seven years. None of this would have happened without our shareholders for whom we are honored to work, and for whom we’ll stay relentlessly focused on long-term value creation. Thanks again to all of you for joining us today.
