Samantha Gallagher: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Everyone should have access to the company's second quarter 2020 earnings release and supplemental information. The release and supplemental information can be found in the Investors section of the VICI Properties website at www.viciproperties.com. Some of our comments today will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. Forward-looking statements, which are usually identified by the use of words such as will, believe, expect, should, intend, project or other similar phrases are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Therefore, you should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on them. I refer you to the company's SEC filings for a more detailed discussion of the risks that could impact future operating results and financial condition. During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures, which we believe can be useful in evaluating the company's operating performance. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in our second quarter 2020 earnings release and our supplemental information. Hosting the call today, we have Ed Pitoniak, Chief Executive Officer; John Payne, President and Chief Operating Officer; David Kieske, Chief Financial Officer; and Gabe Wasserman, Chief Accounting Officer. Ed and team will provide opening remarks, and then we will open the call to questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Samantha Gallagher: Sure, John. This is Samantha. The arrangement that John said does not have substitute assets. But as John mentioned, I think those comments surrounding the put call was not surprising and is actually no different than prior comments when we had a ROFR, prior ROFR from those assets. So we intend to work with the regulators of the period of time or the put call. In exercise, we want to make sure they can get comfortable with our REIT structure.
Samantha Gallagher: And Rich, were they to repay the loan, we certainly do not lack for confidence in our ability to redeploy that returned capital accretively. Obviously, led by John Payne, Business Development, who works for VICI over the last two and a half years with over $8 billion of transaction. We are always confident that if there are compelling opportunities out there, we're going to source them and execute on them best we can.
John Payne: Yes, it’s a very good question. Again, I think it’s important to remember because we moved so fast that just back in April, the focus of these operators was really about getting open, right, and ensuring liquidity. We now are sitting here in July and it’s about staying open. And I think to your point, Carlo, you’re asking about, now are they starting to think strategically and are there going to be opportunities for us. What I would tell you is from our perspective, and I think I’ve communicated this, not only we’ve been working with our five current tenants throughout this pandemic, I’ve stayed active with really almost every operator in the gaming industry, understanding their position, how their business doing, what they’re seeing from their consumers and letting them know due to our positioning that David and Ed had put us in with ample liquidity that should there be an opportunity for us to transact with them, to help them grow their portfolio or provide liquidity or do a sale lease back that we’re available and when we’d like to talk to them. That doesn’t really answer your question about predicting the future, but what I would tell you, it’s our job to make sure that if there are transactions that at least we’re in the mix, and people understand that we’re moving from, as Ed said earlier in his remarks, from being completely on the defensive to back as we’ve shown over the past weeks, back on the offensive side of the ball a little bit here. But Ed should also – Ed and David should also weigh in on that question.
John Payne: Yes. Look, I – it’s hard to, as I’ve said before, exactly predict the timing. But as our embedded growth plan has ended or the ROFRs on the Las Vegas strip, we obviously talked quite a bit about our put call opportunity on the two assets in Indianapolis and then a ROFR Horseshoe Baltimore. So as Tom Reeg and Bret Yunker takeover Caesars, they’ll continue to see where there’s opportunities. We like all of those opportunities. I think you’ve heard them talk about having enough supply in Las Vegas and potentially selling one or two assets there. As I said in my opening remarks, we’re big believers in the long-term of Las Vegas. Las Vegas obviously has some short-term issues. They’re going to have to deal with the decrease in flights, the loss of international business and the decrease the of convention business. But we really are big believers in that city for the long-term, based on consumer behavior, and absolutely the number of segments that people can be attracted. So we’ll just have to see what plays out with the embedded pipeline, but that doesn’t mean we’re sitting back and waiting just for the embedded pipeline to determine our growth of our company. As I’ve said, I’ve been quite active making sure people know, understanding what’s going on with operators and spending time and talking to them. So we’ll see how it plays out in the coming months.
John Payne: Yes. So if you’re talking about two assets in Indiana, and then I think what’s the third you’re referring to just so I answered the question, but the answer is yes.
John Payne: Yes. So, yes, both those assets in Indiana that been referred to the Southern Indiana and Hammond would meet our consent if they currently sit inside the master lease and we’ve really liked the real estate of those two assets.
John Payne: I think when we negotiated these waivers with a few of our tenants, it was absolutely appropriate. We – the properties are doing well right now, and we’re excited about that, but I think we’re pretty cautious. And as Ed said in his opening remarks, we’re pretty realistic about that the pandemic is not over. We hope the business continue to perform well. We expect them at this time do that, but again, I think those relief packages at the time we negotiate were absolutely appropriate for us and for our tenant.
John Payne: We got word yesterday that the state of Michigan is going to allow the Detroit casinos to open in August. I think it was August 5 or 6. So Penn will come out, I’m sure relatively shortly here and give an exact date, but the news came out to me yesterday that that will happen in the state of Michigan.
John Payne: Yes, not much to add here other than I have a smile on my face as someone who's spent almost 20 years of his career operating these regional assets, it's nice to see that the world is starting to understand how durable they are, the loyalty from their consumers. As you probably heard me say I mean, these are people, social clubs or country clubs or this is where people go to have their entertainment. It's where their friends are and you can see even during this worst pandemic that we've ever seen in our lifetime that as the businesses open up, they've been quite successful. So it's nice to see and I agree with that. And it is common, especially when you look at these assets compared to restaurants and movies, theaters, and a variety of other areas that are struggling where these assets that they've been open up have done quite well.
John Payne: Yes. If there is a prepayment feature after 18 months, I believe anything correct me if I'm wrong. But given is a small amount, 50 million not $70 million, we've looked for opportunities to reinvest that, but this is a kind of a win-win and it's consistent with our approach where helping our liquids – helping our tenants shore up some of their liquidity at a point in time when nothing was open and as you’ve seen in Ohio, the assets are doing extremely well.
John Payne: Yes. Good to talk to you, Thomas. I've not heard much of a change in the business. I have heard some occupancy levels going up in some jurisdictions, but regionally the business continues to be strong based on the conversations that I've been having. Again, I think as they continue to add some more amenities back to the facilities as when the restrictions are lifted you're going to see the business continue to perform.
John Payne: It's hard to follow that. Look things to Las Vegas. I mean again, I think we've been consistent and I've been very loud about this, that we really are long-term investors. Yes, in short-term Vegas has some hurdles that they need to get over, but this is a city that even during this time and even with the restrictions that are on it consumers are going to enjoy what they have to offer. And we believe over the time 2022, 2023 and moving on this business is going to rebound. As it pertains to underwriting an asset, now that's exactly what we're spending time on is what is the appropriate level to do that? What is the appropriate cap rate? But we'll have to continue to study the business as to your point we'll have to consider and see what the next couple months are like in the quarters and then determine the EBITDA that we use to underwrite as well as the cap rate. But again, I can't stress enough, you heard a lot about the short-term of Las Vegas, but we talk a lot more about the long-term in this, how resilient this city has been and how resilient the operators are to continue to reinvent themselves and be successful with the properties that they have.
John Payne: Yes. I mean, I can't predict what's going to happen. I think we've been, as we've said a couple of times, we've been sober about that. We are still in the middle of a pandemic, the operations that have open and almost all of our operations have opened other than Michigan, which will open here shortly have been quite successful, in fact exceeding some of their 2019 numbers. So we're just going to have to wait and see if we continue on this path, the business are going to be strong and there won't need to be any concessions, but we'll just have to monitor what happens in the United States, but we feel obviously much better here in July than we did back in early May.
John Payne: Yes. I don't think we've ever talked about necessarily a target. I think what we've talked a lot about is we like the diversification that we are really the only REIT in this space that has positioned itself to invest in destination resorts in Las Vegas also as well as the local business in Las Vegas, should that come about as well as every market in the region with all different types of operators. So I think our philosophy has been, we want to remain diverse. We want to continue to grow our tenant base. We started this company 2.5 years ago with one tenant now have five and I think you'll ultimately see that grow. But we today were at 70-30, we like where that is. But I don't think Shaun, you hear and say that's where absolutely has to be exactly around those numbers. We just liked the diversification than being in many different types of markets. And you can see that diversification has helped us during this pandemic.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Carlo, you have rightly identified the fact that for a lot of operators in gaming, as frankly, across every major and hospitality sector, the cost of capital has gone up meaningfully in the last few months, both the cost of debt capital as you’ve cited, but also the cost of equity capital. And as I think you’ve heard us talk about before, we actually see the capital we provide through a sale leaseback. And in fact, being another form of equity, it is permanent capital. The recipient of it does not have to pay us back. And the cost of the capital we give them as simply the rent they pay us. So if you look at rent as expressed as a cap rate, it is generally much lower than their cost of equity currently and probably for a while yet. And to your point, it is becoming competitive with their cost of debt. So based on that, and also based on the fact that I think we’re already starting to see operators, especially regional operators, who want to grow their store count, those who do want to grow their store count are very focused on partnering with REITs in order to win the bid because it will otherwise be very hard for an operator who wants to grow store count to win the bidding if they have to bid against an OpCo/PropCo bidding combination.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I’ll turn it over to John here momentarily, RJ, but I mean there’s no question that Eldorado was what we now call, should now call Caesars, the new Caesars was greatly helped by the financing activities they undertook in mid-June, simultaneous with the announcement of our convention center mortgage and land purchase. So they obviously put themselves in a better position than the market at large had anticipated post-merger. And when it comes to the timing of anything we might do with that, I’ll turn it over to John.
Ed Pitoniak: I don’t think RJ so much. It will be a function of whether or not we’re happy with our cost of capital, I think it’ll be more a function of the organic situation of what we’re looking at, how much clarity and certainty there is around income production at the moment and how much clarity and confidence there is around forecasting the income production in the near to midterm. So again, I think those will be the key elements, it will drive the structuring decisions that we make. David, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. So I’ll start John, and then Samantha can jump in and correct me if I get anything wrong. You’re absolutely right. The land that we already own, the 27 acres we already owned, were subject to the Caesars lease and Caesars have the right to use that land within our overall leisure arrangement with Caesars. With our purchase of the 23 acres we did not already own, we’ve also built an agreement that will become part of this formal agreement once we execute on the transaction in fall, whereby Caesars will be able to continue to occupy the land until we have a use for it. And they will in turn for occupying the land, cover the cost of that land in regard to things like real estate tax, insurance and security. In terms of our overall vision for the land, we see this as a way of capitalizing on what we still very strongly believe to be the long-term growth of Las Vegas. The long-term growth of Las Vegas is tourist destination. And frankly also the long-term growth of Las Vegas as a global city in its entirety. And we see that land as giving us a chance to participate again, not only in the growth of Las Vegas tourism, but in the growth of Las Vegas as a place where people choose to work and to live as well as to play. And this land gives us an opportunity to do what we most love doing, which is growing our business by growing our relationships. We are not a developer. We will not take on development risk, if not what REITs generally do. And what we will do is partner with great developers, great providers of development capital, who should get rewarded for development risk in order to realize the highest and best use of this land over time. And what does land ultimately does is provide part of the answer to the question where does VICI’s growth come 5 to 10 years from now? Because again, over that kind of timeframe, we are still raging bulls on Las Vegas.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, it’s way too early to tell, John. Way too early. I mean, what I would say is, whenever you develop, you want it to be complimentary to what’s around you because that tends to be the way you realize the greatest amount of traffic and the greatest amount of overall attraction for the destination.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I think we need the benefit of time, Greg. We are still as a nation and as a national economy we're still in a period of great uncertainty – uncertainty and lack of clarity. And when you have uncertainty and lack of clarity it pretty much leads to not being able to be bullish and confident in forecasting, anything. So to return to guidance at this point, we believe would be fundamentally premature. David, I'll turn it over to you to see if you have any added thoughts.
Ed Pitoniak: I think we're started, Greg, everything with all of the principle requirements and obligations have been obviously publicly announced that is the way the regulators do business. And in terms of the additional financial partners that you're referring, for example in the CapEx requirements in New Jersey obviously those will benefit the assets and their performance as in the expansion Caesars enjoyed as we believe they will have incremental return on incremental capital.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, I think we're on a positive upslope, Rich. We were obviously not there yet. And I think part of the explanation for not being there yet for not having closed the gap quickly is, that these things do take time and I'm not sure frankly how much fundamental analysis and evaluation is going on right now anyway. But to your implicit point, yes I do think the broad investment community, the dedicated REITs, the income seeking generalist investors are going to recognize and are – again to your point starting to recognize the game REITs, all three of us are posting very good rent collections results. But moreover our tenants are showing themselves to be performing very strongly and that I do believe to your point deserves ultimately reserves relating. It leads to parity and not arguably to some measure premium given how we performed. And again given this as well Rich that this crisis is really showing the stress and strain of any sector that we’re beginning to show signs of secular threat. Whether it be the secular threat as represented by e-commerce, the secular threat is represented by things like streaming media. Gaming is really well integrated as a place-based destination experience in the lives of millions of Americans. And we think that ultimately adds-up to very high quality real estate.
Ed Pitoniak: I am going to turning it over John Payne here in a moment. John will talk about that, I would just say when it comes to growth, we never attach to any kind of words that have anything with business to our growth, but head-to-head. I will hand it over to you John Payne.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. I think David, one of the key principles that we believe in is that ultimately our operators are the beneficiary of capital well-spent and they bear the first pain when capital is not spent. I think the self-reinforcing positive qualities of this business model as opposed to say the hotel business model where a third-party manager dictates capital that they all may or may not get a return on. We much prefer this model, because at the end of the day the operator is responsible for the capital, but it's also again the beneficiary of capital well-spent and is the one first harmed, when it is not spend in terms of loss competitiveness, revenue, and profit. So we believe in this model and the ability of this model to prevent assets deteriorating in a way as you rightly pointed out they can when capital is not spent over the long-term, it didn't needs to be spent.
Ed Pitoniak: And Shaun, I would just add to what John has rightly said that, as a REIT we obviously want to give our investors a chance at not only income steady, predictable income, but we also want to give our investors a chance to capital appreciation as the market recognizing superior value of the assets. And over the long term and as I think again was validated by the investments Blackstone made in Las Vegas last year and early this year, we do believe that Las Vegas could give the greatest opportunity for capital appreciation, which when combined with a steady income production of regional. We think it adds up to a very compelling long-term in our both income and capital appreciation strategy.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, operator. To close out, please let me reiterate our thanks to all of you for being on today's call. We’re proud of the results we have provided to our stock holders in this quarter and those results again our validation of both VICI’s business and the businesses of our tenants. With 100% rent collection – cash rent collection in Q2, with our ability to go back on offense well before most other REITs, with the closing of our $3.2 billion transaction with Caesars and the $253 million of annual rent growth that brings, we believe we are on track to deliver one of the strongest growth rates of any REIT in America over the next year or two. Again, thank you and good health to all. Operator, that concludes the call.
David Kieske: Yes, Carlo. Good to talk to you. You’re right. We’ll be just kind of sub five times on a pro forma run rate basis for everything we’ve announced. As we talked about what’s the equity raise in June, we’ll likely match funds that equity with debt at some point in the future, which gives us $1.2-odd billion of total volume power if you go out and think about raising $600 million, $700 million of high yield here at some point in the future. So on an ultimate leverage neutral basis with the balance sheet, we’ve got the functionality, the flexibility, and obviously the capital markets are going to do some backdrop right now for that.
David Kieske: No, I was going to say the same point. It’s not necessarily related to the cost of capital. It’s a myriad of factors that go into it. And obviously with the mortgage, it was – as we talked about kind of a synthetic bridge to long-term real estate ownership.
David Kieske: Yes. Thanks, Ed. Smedes, it’s good to speak to you. As we – when we announced the deal on June 15, we obviously simultaneously announced the equity offering, which resulted in an upsized equity offering and gross proceeds about $660-odd million. As we talked about in connection with that, there’s an efficiency to raising capital over equitizing. And as I mentioned earlier, we will match fund that to ultimately run our balance sheet on a leverage neutral basis. So as we think about funding that mortgage, we’ve got cash on hand about $400 million as we sit here today, and then we have access to that forward, which really doesn’t have an end date on it. So we’ll likely fund that with a mix of cash. And some of that forward here as that closes probably third quarter and then ultimately go to the debt markets at some point in the future to match fund that on a leverage neutral basis.
David Kieske: Yes, we would. I mean, the 7.7% cap rate and on a leverage neutral basis, it is accretive to earnings.
David Kieske: Yes, Todd, it’s really on the $100 million or $103 million of incremental capital that we have to invest to acquire the approximately 23 acres at the right point in time when we ultimately decide what we do with the land, as Ed’s talked about, the right partnership and the right long-term vision, the other 27 acres would come out of the lease. And then at that time, there might be some drag, but obviously that’s very, very early days and how that ultimately plays out VICI determined. But if you think about $100 million on our total balance sheet, very, very de minimis minor drag given that asset start to producing nature of that asset mix.
David Kieske: Yes. We’re working on. As you know, we talked about it with everybody, we announced that on a letter of intent and working through documentation and diligence now as we speak. So sometimes mid to late third quarters when we’d expect that to close. And you’re right, that’s probably when we would ultimately use some of that forward – settle a portion of that forward agreement.
David Kieske: Yes. Jared, thanks for joining and thanks for your work this quarter. Yes, we adhered to an annual increase in our dividend. We bumped it in Q3 of 2018, we bumped it in Q3 of 2019. We don’t bump our dividends mid-year or at the closing of transactions. So we’ve got time before we make any decisions around the September declaration and ultimately October payout. We work closely with our board and assess where we are in terms of our liquidity, where we are in terms of state of the pandemic and COVID, obviously where our tenants business are and the outlook going forward. So our payout ratio is a little bit high right now just because of the non-income earning shares that we’ve had on our balance sheet since the June, 2019 offering. But we’re going to approach the third quarter with cautious. And as Ed talked about, we’re silver, where we are in the world. So we’ll evaluate it with the board and make the right decision to be in a position to ensure that we never put VICI out there as a REIT that has to cut their dividend or change – use of dividend going forward.
David Kieske: No. Yes, the other thing Greg is I think we've talked to you about, I would say our business is pretty transparent, pretty predictable, especially now that Eldorado deal is closed and the noise out of that speak is now flowing through on a run rate. When we pulled – we pulled guidance, part of the reason was also CECL, there's new noise in the non-cash implications of CECL. We will have a charge in the third quarter around related to closing of the Eldorado transaction and bringing those three new assets on their balance sheet. So it's hard to exactly predict that and pinpoint that. So we'll assess guidance probably returning to calendar into 2021 the next point in time.
David Kieske: Yes, that's a good question Thomas. And then with the JACK capital that we just funded, obviously we are earning 10% return but that's partly because we're not – the incomes are coming in until April of 2022, so even though it's $18 million very small amount for VICI but it's a factor of return, but it's out in the future. It goes part and parcel of what it is, it is expansion of a ballroom, is it really income enhancing, income producing where the overall asset is going to be significantly improved, which would lower the risk of the asset and maybe warrant for a higher price? Or is it, I have the specific examples but it’s in and around probably playing higher than where we've been acquiring assets just giving us an incremental add-on to an asset, but each situation, each cap rate is obviously dependent upon the unique facts and circumstances of the situation.
