John Payne: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone. To start the first quarter of 2020 remain productive for VICI. On January 24th we closed on the acquisition of JACK Cleveland Casino and JACK Thistledown Racino and a sale leaseback transaction with JACK Entertainment. We paid a total of $843 million and added $65.9 million of annual rent to our portfolio through a master lease which represents an attractive 7.8% cap rate for urban real estate in Ohio. Just last week on April 24th, we and our tenant Caesars, announced the disposition of Valley's Atlantic City for total proceeds of $25 million. Not only will we receive approximately $19 million of the gross proceeds from the sale, but we will retain ownership of the Wild Wild West Casino area in Sportsbook, which will be folded into our Caesars asset. And importantly there will be no change to the existing annual rent under the master lease with Caesars. This transaction helps balance our geographic diversification as we work to complete the acquisition of Harrah's Atlantic City and it's just another example of how VICI works constructively with our tenants even in this current environment. Turning to our tenants and the outlook of the gaming industry. Unlike many other REITs who have hundreds of tenants, we currently benefit from only having five tenant and we continue to have active dialogue with each of our tenants during this unprecedented time. We've collected 100% of our rent in April, and with respect to the outlook for May we believe all - we believe all rent will be received this month. Many of you have asked about our diversification strategy on prior calls. Specifically as it relates to investment outside of gaming, we have been very thorough in our evaluation of other sectors and have not made an investment to date by design. We believe this measured diligent approach has benefited our investors given the current environment. While we'll continue to evaluate the investment characteristics and overall attractiveness of other sectors, we will remain intensely focused on gaming as we believe at the right time gaming will yield opportunities for VICI to continue to grow creatively. In addition to our tenants, I am spending time with other casino operators to best understand the potential reopening timelines across the industry. As Ed mentioned every commercial casino property across the United States remains closed and at this time we're not yet aware of a definitive timeline for reopening. As many of you know in normal times, the gaming industry operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week 52 weeks a year and operators have extensive experience developing, communicating and executing detailed operational plans. This energy, expertise and rigour will be key to reopening safely, successfully and profitably. We are firm believers in the resilient enduring nature of the gaming industry. The game industry has an extremely loyal customer base and has proven its resilience through challenges in prior economic cycles. As Ed noted, gaming did not suffer from any pre-existing conditions heading into this pandemic. In fact, January and February of this year were among the best months, many properties have experienced in decades and we believe customers are eager to return to our facilities, particularly at the local level upon reopening. While we do not know exactly what tomorrow brings, we believe that the importance of our assets will only increase in the months and years ahead given the mission critical nature of the asset to the operators, the revenues collected by the states from gaming tax and the total jobs the casinos create in their respective communities. We retain a strong liquidity position as David will discuss and we stand ready to support our tenants to the extent absolutely necessary in ways that create value for VICI over the long term. And lastly, with respect to the Eldorado transaction. Eldorado stated in their press release last Friday morning that they continue to remain intensely focused on closing the transaction with Caesars. We stand ready to close on our portion of the overall transaction as our financing is complete, which David will discuss. Now I'll turn the call over to David, who will discuss our financial results and balance sheet.
John Payne: Yes. Smedes, good morning. As I said in my opening remarks one of the advantages we do have, we have five tenants and not hundreds of tenants. So as you can imagine we are actively engaged in discussions with our tenants, not only about our leases and potential modifications, but really about their business, what they they're seeing, how they think they're going to ramp. And we've had a variety of apps from our tenants based on a variety of potential scenarios as it relates to the openings and timelines and ramps and currently right now as you know you follow the space, there's not real clarity about exactly when these assets are going to open and then there's a variety of models that we run on how they're going to ramp up. So as you can imagine the tenants are beginning to ask, some of they asks have [ph] included partial rent or relief or deferral of rent, but there are other temporary lease modifications like CapEx spend that could help our tenants preserve cash. So we're looking at this holistically, it is important to realize that we think that value needs to be traded for value and we do think that this is a temporary problem, so temporary problems need temporary solutions. And so that's how our discussions continue to go. They've been productive and hopefully we'll continue to have greater visibility in the next day or in weeks when the assets will open and then we'll get a better idea of how the assets will ultimately ramp. So Ed, I'll turn it back to you.
John Payne: Well, to remind you, I'm recovering operator, so you can only take what I said with - that I've been there. Look, I think that I've got great confidence in these operators. You know, it reminds me of the time Churchill said, never let a good crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that is, this is something that no one would ever wish upon an industry or a country. But these operators have now had a few weeks without operating business to think about how they reopen them in new ways. And I think what you're going to see is obviously there's going to be restrictions on whether that's mask or social distancing restrictions. But they're also, as those pass over time, different ways of how the companies think about operating the business. So to answer your question, I think that will in the short term when revenues aren't going to be the way they were in 2019, you're going to see some margin differences in those performances, but I think that over a long period of time you're going to see those businesses come back. And teams are laser focused, the operating teams are preserving cash, ensuring they've got the right amount of cash in the cage, not too much, not too little. And we'll just have to see again how these businesses ultimately ramp.
John Payne: Yeah. I mean, I think you're thinking about this correctly. Again, we are not the operator, our tenants are, but we stay in contact and I think you're thinking about it right and that these operators are going to these states and saying look, this is unprecedented time. We don't know yet exactly the demand from our consumers when we first open up. Are there some things here that can help our liquidity position that ultimately over the next month, two months, six months, year, we'll get back to “normal operations”. So I don't have the specifics. Cash is obviously one that's been. But there are other regulations that have put in place over time. Remember many of these regulations in these states were created 20, 25 years ago and made sense. I do think that there will probably be a push over time to continue to find new ways to make it more efficient for the property. So I don't have any specifics, but I'd tell you that is what the operators are doing, are pushing the states to find ways that they can have some temporary solutions to this unique situation.
John Payne: Yeah, I mean this is a discussion and when we announced it as I said on April 24th, as we continue to look at that market, as you know, Thomas we’ll be acquiring as part of the Eldorado deal, Harrah's Atlantic City. We saw this unique opportunity to kind of decrease our position there. Well, at the same time the Wild Wild West casino and its sportsbook will be rolled into Caesars. So not all of the real estate or the asset is being sold and it also was a negotiation that allowed our rent out of the non-CPLV lease to remain the same. And we just saw this as a unique opportunity to make that transaction and for those reasons I thought it was good for us to do that.
John Payne: I think yeah, I think that's the way you should think about it. I think it's important understand also for us that it's May 1st today, the clarity on when the assets are going to open is not great. Hopefully in the next week or so we'll get greater clarity. And then how these assets ultimately ramp is not real clear. I mean, you can see there's numerous scenarios run by every operator and by us. So it's important for us to continue to see how this ultimate is going to play out. But your description is exactly how we've been thinking about it is, that these are temporary issues, there needs to be temporary solutions and those temporary solutions have to have value for value trade and that's how - that's a quick way of our overview of our philosophy.
John Payne: Yeah, I think Ed you started out answering the question perfectly. I mean we are long term investors of real estate. As you all know as David opened up by saying, we look at our leases over 35 years. This is pandemic has been just awful and unprecedented. But we do think that it is temporary. Now whether temporary is months or temporary is a year or year and a half, we'll have to wait and see that ultimately plays out. And I sure can't predict that. But it doesn't change our long term view of Las Vegas and our long term view of the very limited amount of assets that are on the strip in Las Vegas. So we still think that that is a community and a destination that over the long term will continue to perform and we'll continue to evaluate opportunities there, whether that's in the short term or in the long term. So I hope that gives you some visibility on how we're thinking about it.
John Payne: Yeah, I'll take - I'll take that. As Ed mentioned, we're opening two of our courses today and two of our courses tomorrow. And Nevada just gave the go-ahead two days ago. So we've not had a lot of pre-selling there and those will open tomorrow of course in Mississippi and our course in Indiana open today. And as Ed mentioned the tee sheets were quite full. So we'll continue to watch that. The operations like we're seeing in other hospitality areas are not full operations, meaning our clubhouses are not open our food and beverage are not open. I think we'll have some really good visibility over the next six weeks, as we're able to start marketing to consumers in our destination courses in Las Vegas. We'll obviously be more focused at the time on locals and in some of these courses like Cascata, which I'm not currently a golfer, but I know from golfers that's a bucket list course that we'll price at a fee to allow locals to come out and play. So we should see some good demand to start getting that business up and running. So to answer your specific question, I think we need a couple of weeks to better understand how it's going to ramp, but the early results at least what we're seeing in Indiana and Mississippi are quite encouraging.
David Kieske: Yeah, thanks Smedes. Hope you’re well. As most people know or as you know, we set the payout ratio very low from day one. We've always had a targeted payout ratio of in around 75%. Obviously, we're a little bit above that given the equity offering from last June. But part of reason - part of the reason we set the payout ratio low is to be able to weather all storms and to maintain the dividend. And we're obviously in a hell of a storm right now. And so we're relentlessly focused on maintaining that dividend and as we work with our tenants we feel confident that we will be able to maintain that dividend as we sit here today. We have the liquidity to maintain that dividend. I think for me, it's part of your question was, would we consider paying some of that in stock, if needed we might evaluate that option, that would not be our first choice. But if things continue on and if we don't know what tomorrow brings, that's something we might evaluate. But at this time as we sit here today, we're very focused on maintaining that cash dividend.
David Kieske: Yeah, Rich. Its David. Hope you’re well. The two leases you're referring to obviously Margaritaville and in Greektown. Margaritaville reset earlier this year, 1/1/20 and we got that escalator. We're coming up on your two Greektown. We closed at May of last year, so June 1 of this year will be the reset - yeah the reset, excuse me. And we are in discussions with Penn around that, unlikely that reset happens just given the performance of the asset.
David Kieske: Stephen, if I could just add a little more color to that as a fellow recovering operator in this case schemed off in my case. You know, when you're an operator your two main inventory items are the utilization of space and the utilization of time. The social distancing strategies that our operators undertake, as John has spoken of, they will obviously reduce space utilization at one time. But we were talking to one of our operators the other day and it's an example of how energetically and vigorously gaming operators think about the management of their two key inventory items, space and time. That they're taking a very innovative approach to how they manage the utilization of time and have identified segments in the day where specific customer demographics will be given a specific invitation to come at a specific time of day. And thus while the overall space utilization may be somewhat lower, you could potentially get higher utilization of day parts than you had previously because of the customer's willingness to adapt their behavior in order to safely visit and enjoy the casinos. And again, I take a lot of - I take a lot of encouragement and – well, not solace. But I think a lot of encouragements on how are operators are thinking about how they're going to manage their business in that respect. We're seeing the example close to home. As you know, within our TRS we own four golf courses, two of which are going to reopen tomorrow. And in southern Indiana, our tee sheet is full for the day and we're selling tee times based on social distance practices, right up until the 4 o'clock time slot. And any of you who ever been in golf course operations know, it's usually very tough to book the 4 o'clock in the afternoon time slot and it's an example of how I think the American consumer will adapt their behavior in order to enjoy what they really want to enjoy.
David Kieske: Yes. Stephen, hope you’re well. And to use a business full answer it all depends, right? It's tenant by tenant specifics and what the individual circumstances are. You know, I think you heard John say, you know, could it be a form of temporary liquidity to bridge them you know, through a period of - back to Carlos or back to the question around what what's the cage cash and what are operating needs for the couple - next couple months. You know, we do benefit from the fact that we do have liquidity, so could we buy additional assets from our tenants, could we provide some form of true liquidity versus trading an asset for rent, deferred rent. And I guess, it would - it comes down to as John said, making sure that we trade value for value. The unique aspect about the sector is that these are mission-critical assets for the tenants. And unlike the broader triple net sector, where a lot of tenants are just walking and not paying - not going to pay rent and may not ever come back, you know, given the licenses, given the importance of the assets to the tenant, to the employees, to the states and the tax revenues they generate, the tenants need to maintain these boxes and need to stay in these boxes. So you know, we will find ways to help support our tenants if needed. But you know, we're still in the early stages here as we sit here May 1st and you know, the outlook for opening is still a little bit unclear, but there's some green shoots out there.
David Kieske: That was similar that the Reno transaction where we split the proceeds 75, 25 with Caesars that we announced at the end of - the beginning of this year. Similar proceeds split roughly 75% of the total consideration went to VICI's landlord in Caesars, as operator.
David Kieske: Great. Thanks, Ed. And David Katz yes, as Ed said, CECL reflects the deterioration especially in Q1 in the broader economy and it's not management's expectation for any losses in the current portfolio, it is simply an accounting standard, it's a non-cash allowance. And if you look at you know, note 6 page 28, 29 of our 10 Q, we've put some good disclosure in there around how CECL evolved over the first quarter. On 1/1/2020, we had to record an initial allowance, that was 2.88% of our total investment balance. That number on a normalized - normal economic environment should answer your question David, should move around 5, 10 maybe 15 basis points a quarter. Given COVID, given the downturn, it spiked up to about 100 basis points this quarter, so that it's - the model is all identifiable inputs really around credit rating and the economic outlook of the economy. And so that's what drove the change. But once we get back to normalize run rate, you're right David, it should be much - it will be less volatile and stay within a little - more of a stated range.
David Kieske: Yeah. Thanks, Seam. And as Yogi Berra once said, it's tough to make predictions, especially about the future, so you know this is where we think - this is where we take comfort in the master lease and especially across the Caesars portfolio which obviously has assets all across the country, Vegas and in very, very good regional network. So we came into this you know north of three times on a corporate coverage, given the wholly owned assets in the Caesars - in the Caesars portfolio, primarily on the Vegas strip, that corporate coverage will come down and nobody really knows where you know what the ramp will be what EBITDA will be. But you know the corporate coverage is key to us and obviously we have that with Century, Penn and you know we have the individual leases with Penn where we are [indiscernible] corporate coverage and then Hard Rock is also a corporate coverage. But given the investment grade nature of that and then we feel very, very comfortable with that and we have a corporate coverage on a smaller entity with JACK, very meaningful investment where Dan Gilbert one of the owners there. So we'll have to see. It's hard it's hard to take. It's hard to predict, the coverages will come down but we don't really you know, we don't have a good sense as John talked about how this ultimately opens and ramps.
David Kieske: Yeah I can do it. Sean, couldn't think of another entertain that. Look its an entity called Rock Ohio Ventures, ROV. It owns the two casinos Jack Cleveland, JACK Thistle. JACK Cleveland actually sits within the Higbee building, which is part of ROV, Rock Ohio Ventures, as a garage next door. And then some additional land right in that area. So that's part of the reason we ultimately did that loan to JACK is there's additional real estate collateral within that entity.
Edward Pitoniak: Yes. Carlo, I'll start on that. And good to hear from you Carlo, hope you are well. Maybe I just want to start by actually recognizing David Kieske for his leadership on that – the bond financing we did in late January. I remember talking to David in early January going really, you really want to go that soon and he said yeah, I want to go that soon. And God bless us that we did when we did. You may have seen that Netflix which is obviously a pretty good credit these days went out to raise money last week and they still couldn't reach our benchmark on our five year. So anyway, again, thanks and thanks to David for that. In terms of how we think about use of our cash Carlo, the general approach we're taking right now and it's an approach we really dug into with our board yesterday on our Q1 board meeting, is an approach that we define as situational readiness. At this point given the uncertainty of reopening, given moreover the uncertainty of ramp back, we have to be ready strategically and economically for the broadest possible array of situations or scenarios and that array ranges from the highly, highly defensive on one end to the highly offensive on the other. And at this time we really can't pre-commit to being highly, highly defensive or highly offensive, because it's again too early to tell. But if things start to show green shoots, if we see the consumer coming back, if we see the assets reopening and producing good results, you are absolutely right, our liquidity position puts us in a position where we can make the jump into offense potentially before others because, again, thanks to David's leadership on our balance sheet, we got a totally undrawn revolver and we have that ample cash that you referred to. But at this point, what we really like about our position is it makes this situation really ready for the broadest array of situations from again be extremely defensive to the highly offensive.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. It's a really good question, Rich. And I think the answer could be very complex and fairly variable based on that situation of each operator. I think one point you make is absolutely right. I think you could see for both operators and REITs a more conservative approach to balance sheet management and cash flow. I think in the hedge fund - after this Lexicon [ph] the term lazy balance sheet is not going to get used for a while here. I think companies will generally get rewarded for being conservative. I do think where gaming REITs could have appeal to gaming operators who are still on the critical amount of property is that we can be another form of capital. I think you can presume their equity is going to be quite expensive. Their debt has gotten more expensive, to the extent that we can provide another form of permanent capital at affordable prices. That could be appealing, especially when combined with the fact that our capital does not bring with it any kind of bullet maturity. And I think anybody right now who is facing any kind of bullet maturity is in probably a pretty high state of nausea and we are a form of capital that does not bring that kind of anxiety with it.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. I'll turn over to John Payne in a moment. John, let's talk a bit. I think our starting point would be that while Vegas may indeed recover somewhat more slowly than the region over the long term we have no - there is no flagging of our conviction. It is one of the world's great destinations but John Payne, I’ll turn it over to you for more color.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah. David Katz. Good to hear from you. I'll turn over to do David Kieske in just a moment. But let me give you my perspective as a non accountant, my perspective as an asset manager. And when CECL first came along, I will confess I went really – we go to do that, why. But what I've come to appreciate about the CECL practice if you will, is that it is I believe a valuable management tool when it comes to being situationally ready. What CECL requires us to do is first of all to look forward, which is always valuable in and of itself. And as we look forward at the credit quality, credit condition and operating performance of our tenants, the forecasted performance of our tenants, it requires us to be honest and rigorous about what the various scenarios could be. And it is a further tool in our tool kit to make a situation only ready for what may transpire in the coming period based on a reasonable and rigorous forecast. As to the volatility, the CECL could bring in coming quarters and years. I'll turn that over to David Kieske.
Edward Pitoniak: Yeah, I'll give you some first thoughts. Barry, good to hear from you. I hope you're well. You know, as I said in regard to what Rich Hightower asked about you know, I do think you know this whole experience will cause all of us to expand the rigor with which we account for you know, extreme scenarios of performance or operating conditions. And so I think you know there will be a lot of focus, obviously on tenant credit quality, as there always – already was with us and coverage and various lease terms and conditions that give us and the tenant comfort that - that even in the most dire times we can each mutually survive and ultimately thrive. John and David Kieske, do you want to add anything to that.
Edward Pitoniak: What I would just add is that, while obviously the economic impact of this VICI is not all that material, I think the greater meaning for us and perhaps for you as well is that the pent up demand to get out of that damn house that it so strongly exist in America right now. I mean you're seeing it manifest itself on beaches, people just want to get out and while we see data that measures public perceptions of safety and their willingness to go back out again, while we do see a high percentage of Americans rightly saying they are going to be careful in how they return to leaving home, there's a lot of people who really, really want to leave all.
Edward Pitoniak: Thank you, operator. This is Ed I hope all of you found the call to a value today and maybe even a little bit entertaining one of our owners texted me during the call and let me know he was pretty sure this was the first earnings call that invoked both Winston Churchill and Yogi Berra. So again, we hope you found the time value. And let me just close by reiterating our thanks to all of you for being on today's call. With each passing week we will learn more about what our collective recovery from COVID-19 will look like as quietly as an economy and the gaming industry and as the coming period unfold we will share along with you as we can assist you always feel you can reach out to us whenever we can be a help to you. Now you have our best wishes for good health. Thank you very much.
