John Payne: Sure. Well, Tony, thanks for the comments, and it's always nice to hear from you. There's no doubt, Tony, that we've changed quite a bit as a company from when we started the company back in 2017 just due to size, scale, scope, magnitude of assets, and it has got the attention of folks that I think when we started the company, did not know exactly who we were and what we were doing. So the funnel is definitely as wide as it's ever been for us. There are numerous opportunities. You've heard us talk about, obviously, gaming opportunities, we'll continue to pursue in markets where we want to own more real estate or we don't own real estate. And then there are a lot of companies that have noticed what we've done in the experiential space. You've heard Ed and David and myself, Danny, others talk about making real estate investments outside of gaming and in experiential and we've been in contact with. And so as Ed in his comments, we build relationships, and we build relationships that we hope turn into real estate ownership. And so we are organizing, we're meeting, we're traveling. We're doing all that right now, Tony. And we'll see how it plays into our growth, but we feel really good about the magnitude of opportunities that we see in front of us.
John Payne: As it pertains to the Mirage, Tony, the Hard Rock team is going through the licensing process in the state of Nevada. They're amazing developers and operators. And we obviously are already partners with them in our Cincinnati asset. And so we're excited with what they are going to have planned for the redevelopment of the Mirage and the Hard Rock Las Vegas. But no timing yet as they need to go through that process.
John Payne: Yes, Spenser. As you -- as it pertains to the ROFRs, I assume you're referring to the Las Vegas ROFR. I'll just refer you to the CEO of Caesars, Tom Reeg, who during his earnings call was very clear on what is going on, which he said, look, Caesars has started the process in early '22. He expects there to be another update by the middle of the summer, and the sales process really is governed by the VICI agreement documents. And so that process is in the works. We're aware of the agreements we have with them. Today, as I said in my opening remarks, we do own 10 great assets on The Strip in Las Vegas, which make up about 600 -- we also have 660 acres that those assets sit on as well as vacant land. It is a market that is truly incredible. As I stated, when you have business up 35% gaming revenues is simply amazing, and it really is as their new ad campaign says the greatest arena on earth. And so that is a market that we are big fans of. We'll continue to study. Do we want to own additional real estate? If we do, it needs to come to us in a very accretive manner. And we'll continue to follow our process on that.
John Payne: Yes. It's another good question, and many have released their earnings. I just -- a friendly reminder that for us, rent is paid with margin dollars not necessarily not margin percentage points. So, if you take a company like one of our tenants, Penn, which generated almost $50 million more in margin dollars year-over-year with the earnings that just came out. So the businesses continue to be incredibly strong, especially when you compare it to other businesses around the United States. So we couldn't be happier. As Ed said in his comments about our tenants, how they've adjusted their business, how their margins are up. Most importantly, their margin dollars are up. Many are seeing record EBITDA. I think Caesars announced that 18 properties set all-time records in Q run EBITDA. So Spenser, I could go on and on about our tenant's bit. It's exciting to see that the -- even with the macro issues going on, they are about continuing to perform very well.
John Payne: Yes. I mean based on what we've heard, we now have Caesars, MGM and The Venetian running assets in Las Vegas who run the largest convention business there that they are seeing that business planning to return later this year and very strong, as you've heard them say in their earnings in 2023. Smedes I was quoting the gaming revenue, but what I haven't quoted yet is another thing Caesars said in their earnings, their Las Vegas properties in the month of April had record room revenue. So that's pretty amazing in a place where they're also getting strong gaming revenue. So you can see the consumer, I mean, most importantly for our tenants, the consumer simply has not found a substitute for their entertainment dollars, that Vegas continues to be, again, the #1 destination in America. I've argued with my colleagues, it's the number one destination in the world right now. And not only is the customer coming who wants to gamble, but we're seeing that they diversified these resorts, and they're getting business travel. They're getting room revenue, they're getting food and beverage revenues, spa revenue, pool revenue. And it's the beauty of these integrated resorts. And all the credit goes to our operators and how they're running these facilities.
John Payne: I'll go ahead and jump in. I mean, obviously, we've seen with the Wind transaction in Boston Realty Income getting into the casino space. But for us, ever since we started the company, we always knew there was going to be competition in this space. Clearly, people have seen the resiliency of the model. They've seen the high quality of the assets. They've seen how it's performed in the toughest time ever, which was COVID with the business shutdown and rebounding with all the records that I've been talking about today. So that obviously has attracted more potential owners of the real estate or of the holdco as you mentioned. So we go into every transaction, expecting that there's going to be competition. And we are not surprised at all that there are more folks that are interested in this just incredible real estate space.
John Payne: We are. We are. Obviously, David can't tell you when our next transaction, Sam's smiling at me -- that I can't tell you when our next transaction will be. But in all seriousness, I -- we're as -- you've heard me say, we're as busy as we've ever been. The funnel is wider than it's ever been for numerous reasons that we talked about earlier of our size, our scope. And so I think that's very realistic within the next year or so.
John Payne: Yes. Just as a reminder, we have really 34 acres in Las Vegas that are underdeveloped, 7 are in front of Caesars Palace. Those -- that sits inside the Las Vegas master lease, and then there are an incremental 27 acres that we own. Caesars also owns some acreage next to our 27 acres. As it pertains to development, as you can imagine, as you -- and you are alluding to or as you mentioned, there have been some significant sales of real estate acreage on the Las Vegas Strip or near the Las Vegas Strip. It continues to make our land very valuable. And the process would work if we were to develop would be with Caesars on the land, particularly in front of Caesars Palace as well as the land that is behind The Flamingo, behind Paris and Bally's. We would work in partnership with them should there be an appropriate development. But we sure do like the prices that are coming out, if they are completely true. I think there was one that just took place, small acreage of almost over $30 million an acre. So we're excited to see that. And it's not that surprising when you heard the statistics. I went through in my opening remarks about this city and the success of these resorts and how the operators have turned them into incredible places of EBITDA generation.
Ed Pitoniak: Tony, I'll just add to that. I think sort of a truism across every real estate asset class that there are benefits in owning marquee assets that are well known to whatever category or well known within whatever category you're in because it increases your visibility. And we were fairly invisible when we got going 4.5 years ago. And there is no question that in owning assets like Caesars Palace Las Vegas, like The Venetian, like MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, like National Harbor, like Caesars New Orleans, we are teaming a visibility that is very, very helpful, as John points out, and giving us greater top-of-mind status when people think about who they'll call.
Ed Pitoniak: David, do you want to start with answering the second half of Tony's question and then John can add.
Ed Pitoniak: Tony, I just want to add one more thing. And that is that we -- often in the early years, we're often told by would be partners that, oh, I can borrow money cheaper than your money, VICI. And we are very humble about admitting. We are learning every day how to tell our story better. And what we've really focused on of late is helping people understand that our capital and the cost of it should not be compared simply to the cost of their debt, but to their blended cost of capital, accounting for both the cost of their debt and the cost of their equity. And even before we saw the recent widening of credit spreads and before we saw the recent multiple contraction of many operators across experiential both gaming and non-gaming, our cost of capital versus their blended cost of capital is already very attractive. It's only grown more attractive in the last couple of months.
Ed Pitoniak: One point answer that Spenser that I'd like to add -- Spenser I was just going to say one more point I want to add on top of what John just rightly said, is that with all the focus on inflation, I think it's important to note that, obviously, we, VICI, enjoy superior CPI protection in our leases versus other triple nets. But I also want to make sure everyone understands that our tenants are in the business of nightly leases, and in some cases, even hourly leases, and that pertains to their ability to constantly reprice in respect to demand and in respect to inflation. And I think that, going back to John's point, is a key factor in ensuring they continue to produce all the margin dollars they can possibly produce given their ability based on nightly -- the lease business to constantly reprice.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. It's a very, very good and very timely question, Smedes. In my experience, and I guess this is one of these rare occasions when it actually pays to get old, what I've seen over the years is it when you enter a period of tightening, when the cost of credit and/or equity go up, it usually takes sellers longer to recognize the change in reality than does it for the buyers, right? And so I think right now, we're probably in somewhat of a situation of a slack tide where there's really -- on the part of would be sellers or would be buyers a bit of hesitancy as to well, what is market, right? We are fortunate that we have a number of discussions going on that have a momentum to them that can carry both us and our potential partners past this hesitation regarding the future cost of capital. But I do think we'll probably see a period as we have in so many cycles where it will take some time for buyers and sellers to recalibrate. It will take some time to re-find equilibrium, but it's pretty axiomatic that if the cost and the availability of capital goes up, so -- sorry, the cost of capital goes up and the availability goes down, cap rates tend to go up accordingly. Now -- sorry to go on so long. In gaming, it may end up adding to somewhat of a more or less a stasis in cap rates because this is a category that as you were saying, Smedes, has been seeing cap rate compression, perhaps the velocity of compression slows or maybe even stops, but it may be a category where you won't see cap rate expansion given the increasing interest in the category as we've seen over the last year or 2.
Ed Pitoniak: I would say generally not. And if I guess at what might underlie your question, given that VICI has gotten so big, will VICI sort of establish a red line below which we do not go in terms of asset size or NOI. And I think the answer is no. Again, as a triple net REIT, we enjoy rent per asset that's up over $50 million. The average triple net store produces about $250,000 a year rent. We will always evaluate the materiality of a given asset not unto itself, but really as part of a larger relationship with whomever may either currently own and want a sale leaseback that asset or an operator with whom we partner in the acquisition of that asset. So we will be much more focused on the long-term growth potential of a given category or opportunity or partnership than we would on individual assets. And that's how we believe over time, we'll develop a more sustained and sustainable business model of deal flow.
Ed Pitoniak: Jay, I will just add that a bit of wisdom that one of our most important and valuable Board members, who many of you know, Craig Macnab, one of the first adages he shared with us is that gentleman, the rent should be as low as possible. And we absolutely believe in that. We want our rent to be as low as possible in regard to the economics of the tenant's business because the lower the rent as a percentage of their economics, the more successful they will be, the better at credit they will be and the more willing and able they will be to occupy the building for a very, very long time to come.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes, David Katz, I was just going to add that when we look at retained cash as a capital source. We are very cognizant that is the shareholders' money and our obligation to produce a superior return and investment spread on the use of that cash is every bit as strong as it would be if we're going out into the market raising equity.
Ed Pitoniak: Well, Greg always been good to talk to you, and you definitely get the award at least so far for asking the questions that we can and will not answer on this call. I think John did a good job of describing what Tom Reeg was on record saying the other day, and I don't know, John, I think we just -- we leave it there.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. So I think, John, there's actually 2 interesting things going on. One is the increasing institutional interest in net lease generally. Any of you who read PERE would have seen yesterday the publication of an article as to how new names like KKR and Aries and Carlyle are coming into the net lease space. And there's obviously been other PE firms and credit firms that are focusing on net lease generally. And then within that lease, there is exactly as you're saying, or suggesting increased interest from publicly non-traded REITs and net lease-focused private equity firms on what is, we believe, one of the most compelling forms of triple net real estate there is, which is to say, gaming real estate. And I think it's important to recognize, too, that in focusing on gaming -- actually I'm losing the point there. I think the key point is yet that absolute increased interest because of both the superiority of the net lease model generally and the incredible attractiveness of gaming real estate.
Ed Pitoniak: Yes. Again, I think it goes back to the answer I gave to Smedes, John, and that is the degree to which there may be a bit of a slack tide right now because, to your point, as an example, the CMBS market has tightened up quite a bit. And there is probably not quite the gold rush fever as there might have been 6 months ago, but it has not gone away because these people are sitting on an awful lot of dry powder.
Ed Pitoniak: Thank you, operator. In closing, we thank you for your time with us this morning, especially given how busy all of you are. It is insane how much earnings reporting is going on this week in the REIT sector. With your support, VICI has become one of America's leading REITs in portfolio scale and quality and in economic magnitude. We will continue to work hard for you every day. We look forward to connecting again when we report our second quarter results. Bye for now.
David Kieske: Sure. We -- look, we're very cognizant of the macro trends, right? We were fortunate to get our bond offering off a couple of weeks ago just -- and execute what we were able to execute. Every day brings something new volatility with the Fed speak yesterday. So we're going to work to ensure that our partner property growth loan is ultimately what we're talking about here, delivers accretive returns. And that's -- I touched on that being able to invest in these magnificent assets of size, scale and complexity that rivals nothing other out there. We will make sure that the capital that we deployed generates an incremental return that's accretive to us.
David Kieske: Yes. Tony, I mean, ultimately, we're solving for a spread to our cost of capital. And like every deal is different. Obviously, inflation and CPI discussions are more relevant today than they were when we started VICI. But ultimately, as a net lease company delivering an attractive 100 basis points, 150 basis points, sometimes less, sometimes more spread to our cost of capital is what we strive for. We also look at our underwriting in terms of cash-on-cash returns and the IRR over a period of time to ensure that we are delivering incremental accretive deals to our shareholders.
David Kieske: Yes. Jay, thanks for the question. I mean as I mentioned a little bit earlier, each deal is unique and not every -- not one size fits all. So what is critical for us is that any transaction that we ultimately underwrite and ultimately announce and then sign up is accretive day 1, right? You saw some hotel REITs in the last day or 2 announced a 4 cap and they're going to turn it into an 8 or 9 yield. We can't do that under our structure. And if we ever did that, that would probably be our last deal that we ever did. So obviously, CPI is a very hot topic these days, but it's important for us to have escalators that are: one are reasonable for the market that we're in, whether that's regional, super regional, Vegas destination and then annual bumps that work for us and work for the operator. And we ultimately want to push for no CPI caps and the operators are pushing back on that a little bit. And so it's always a negotiation in terms of value, duration of lease the cap rate that we can pay. There's a few levers that we underwrite with to make sure that we are underwriting a strong credit and a strong operator that has conviction that coming into the market. But obviously, we want to -- our fundamental goal is to make sure that we -- what we sign up is accretive from day 1 because we live with that for 30 years plus.
David Kieske: Yes, Jay. I mean we're thrilled to be here, and we'll continue to, as we talked about on the debt roadshow and the debt marketing process, we'll continue to migrate up to BBB curve over time. We'll continue to diversify our tenants, bring our leverage back to the 5x and 5.5x that we've always been very focused on from day 1. Thanks to Erin's great work with the -- Erin Ferreri and her team. Thanks to her great work with the agencies, we're able to get that rating upgrade on April 18. But that does definitely broaden the funnel as another question that was asked earlier. At the end of the day, we're spread investing. So if we can lower our cost of capital, not only through the debt markets and as we migrate up the credit curve, obviously, the cost of capital can be reduced. And then with the index inclusion that has occurred with the MGP Class A shareholders being converted to VICI Class -- to VICI shareholders and then potentially one day S&P 500 inclusion, we can continue to lower our cost of equity capital to -- as you said, Jay, and frankly, so broaden that funnel and continue to diversify both in and outside of gaming.
David Kieske: As Ed mentioned, and we've talked about our free cash flow after dividends and that's true free cash flow is somewhere $400 million to $500 million of run rate. So you kind of think about levering that 1:1 up to $1 billion of buying power. And so small gaming deals like the Century deal that we announced in June of '19, $278 million that can be done with cash on hand. And so all that accretion dropped straight to the bottom line. And some of the non-gaming stuff that you see us do is obviously smaller just by the opportunities that were presented in front of us at the time. And so those -- that's free cash flow. We don't have to go to the equity markets and do what we did last year and raise $5.4 billion of equity for the transformations that we undertook. We're thrilled to have done them, and we wouldn't know looking back. But I think as we continue to grow, as Ed said, that's sustained and sustainable flow business as you'll see more of that going forward. Hopefully that answers your question, David.
David Kieske: Hey, Greg, it’s David. Similar to but not including unannounced acquisitions or dispositions or capital markets activities, guidance includes this, the base case escalators.
David Kieske: It doesn't include any CPI, estimates around CPI because that's a guessing game, and so we can't predict the future. If we could, we'd probably be doing something else. So the base rate in the leases that's in the guidance number.
David Kieske: Yes. For the bump in November, we look at September, August and July numbers and compare that to the prior year, and then that's what gets factored into the increase November 1. For the 2 Caesars leases, the Caesars master lease and the Caesars Las Vegas lease.
