Enrique Lores: Dion, let me start by thanking you for everything you have done for our company. I have worked for 9 CEOs during my career in HP, and you reflect the values of our founders and our company better than anyone. Your leadership has been a source of strength, and it has positioned HP well for the future. I'm grateful for all the time we have spent working together side by side, and I look forward for our continued partnership over the coming months.  I know I speak for everyone at HP when I say that we will always heed your advice to keep raising the bar. You will always be the first CEO of HP Inc. I also want to thank HP's Board of Directors for the confidence they have placed in me, and I would like to thank the extended HP team for their support and key contributions.  30 years ago, I was an engineering student in Spain. A group of HP engineers came to my school to share their passion for a printer. I have never seen anyone so passionate about a product and now are changing the world through innovation. It opened my eyes to new and wonderful possibilities. It taught me that imagination has no limit, and it inspired me to join this company. Today, I continue to be inspired by this company and our unique ability to bring out the best of humanity through the power of technology. Each day, our people across the company are constantly creating game-changing innovation that pushes the limits of human potential. Our opportunities to grow digital manufacturing and graphics printing redefine the model of computing and transform print [indiscernible]. This is the magic of HP, and it is why I'm so excited about our future. In separation, we have built on the foundational strength of HP, which include our powerful portfolio, operational excellence, rigorous cost management and purpose-driven culture. Yet as far as we have come, I believe we have great opportunities to do more and to continue our innovation journey.  An important part of our strategy is to focus on delivering short-term results and setting the company up for success in the long term. As part of the review I have been leading with the Board, we focused on growth but also in simplifying our operating model, evolving our business model and driving significant improvement in our cost structure. Our end objective is to create a more digitally-enabled, customer-centric organization. It's critical that we do so, because the needs of our customers are rapidly changing, and we must become a more agile organization that is trying to fully capitalize on the opportunities ahead. I have great confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders, and I can't wait to share my thinking and vision with you at our investor update in October. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dion and Steve to discuss the third quarter results. 
Enrique Lores: So Shannon, thank you for the question. Let me talk first about Supplies and then I will give you an overall view of the print market. On the Supplies space as we discussed in Q1, we see 2 different type of issues, some more operational, some more strategic. The strategic issues presumably will have a longer term impact, and we see will be impacting us not only this year but also the years to come. And this has, though that some of our competitors have also been highlighting. During the last year, we have created a very attractive profit pool of supply but now has attracted many other companies to try to attack it, and capture a portion of it without having to have a significant investment that are necessary to create the hardware installed base. And because of that, we see an erosion of the overall profit pool that, according to our model, means a reduction in share and a reduction in price. We are experiencing that, and many of our own competitors have experience in similar dynamics.  On top of that, during the last quarter we have seen a slowdown in -- we have seen an economic slowdown, and this is also having an impact, especially in the Consumer side. When -- so when we look at the combination of all the factors I described, you can understand many of the comments that many of the other companies in the industry have been making during the last quarter. 
Enrique Lores: I think Shannon, you will see that our line going forward is going to be aligned around 3 different complementary directions: First, we need to continue to expand into some of the growth opportunities that we had identified in the past, 3D Printing, contractual businesses are all opportunities for us to grow; at the same time, we need to continue evolving our business model. I highlighted that already last year during the Investor Day, and we will share some of the progress and the plans that we've had to double down in this space; and third, we have a great opportunity to create value by continuing to simplify our company, get close to customers -- getting closer to customers and also reduce our cost structure. Because this reduction in cost structure will give us also the opportunity and the capacity to continue to invest in the growth area. 
Enrique Lores: Okay. So let me cover some of the operational improvements that we have made. As I've had, had -- as we have learned in Q1, the nature of the [indiscernible] operating side growth on operational and a strategic side. On the operational side, we aligned 4 areas of progress, so let me share some of them. We say that we needed to increase our investment in demand generation in the online side. We have done that and we have seen the progress. For example, in most of the key European markets, we have seen a 10-point improvement in coverage when customers look for us, for Supplies in Google. We have also doubled down in our brand protection activity, both increasing our efforts to fight counterfeit, but also in protecting our IP. And protecting our IP is something we have done by ourselves, but also you have seen Canon taking very decisive actions in their side of the portfolio, where they own the IP. We have also continued to improve the visibility that we've had in the Tier 2 space. And just in Europe, we have increased the number of reporting partners by 50%.  And as Dion said, in Q1, we have also improved our business management system. We have centralized pricing decisions, and we have changed and improved the controls around our discount policy, again to make sure that we manage the business more effectively. As you can see, these has all grown very broad on these actions, but it will take some time until we see the full effect of all of those. 
Enrique Lores: Actually, it is easier to answer. The strategic problem on the supply side would be, we are addressing by business model changes. The acceleration of our Printing as a service business is critical there. You have seen us introducing printers with a different business model, both on the ink side and in the laser side. And actually, we are leading now many of these markets. And also, we will be looking at our cost structure, we will continue to reduce our cost structure to make sure that we deliver on the EPS goals that Steve was mentioning before. 
Steven Fieler: Sure. I'll take that one, Katy. We've been steadily delivering all year on our EPS. And as you know, we did increase the full year outlook on the strength of Q3. I would describe Q4, we will remain prudent in balancing our current view of the risks and opportunities.  Maybe I'll just touch a little bit on what we're thinking and our outlook for Personal Systems and Print. So for Personal Systems, we'll still have a CPU-constrained environment across certain products. We're assuming that the incremental China tariffs on notebooks do not happen in Q4 according to the existing plan of record. But importantly for the guidance, we're expecting a dynamic and competitive pricing environment with some of the supply chain costs and benefits we had, had in Q3 softening as we enter into Q4. So in essence, the headwind we are seeing in FX offset by some of the supply chain tailwind that we've had from a cost perspective will steady out in Q4.  In Print, expect the overall print market to be soft. We'll continue to look for opportunities to place units. That being said, we do expect that the units could be impacted assuming the tariffs are impacted, which could mean we raised prices and could impact units, but less of an issue on operating profit dollars. We are expecting Supplies declines closer to our Q3 results in Q4, but we do expect to drive overall expense management. So when I take that all into account, it's sort of a prudent guide. With confidence, we can deliver within the range of $0.55 to $0.59. 
Steven Fieler: So I said previously, the sizing of the overall inventory is a triangulation, given our lack of visibility into the entire channel ecosystem. But I'll start with some of the data to address your point, Katy, and then I'll provide some additional color.  So in EMEA, since Q1, we brought down our channel inventory dollars that we monitor, so this is both the Tier 1 and parts of the Tier 2 where we have visibility. The total channel inventory dollar reduction is nearly the $100 million that we initially estimated. So we have made good progress. However, it's not possible to specifically quantify what impact we've made in the rest of the unmonitored downstream ecosystem.  In addition, we do know that we've been reducing channel inventory dollars at the same time the EMEA market is softening, which is the right thing to do and important business discipline. It does make it more difficult to distinguish the market factors versus operational factors. It's important that we continue to maintain our Tier 1 channel inventory under the reduced ceilings globally, which we are, and we're also improving the monitoring of our Tier 2. 
Steven Fieler: I'll maybe address that first, and then Enrique, if you want to chime in, Shannon. So I think the reality is, that we expect to continue to do both. It's about investments in innovation and also productivity and efficiency. And as you heard in our prepared remarks from both Dion, Enrique and myself, we do think that there's an opportunity to take significant cost out of the business while maintaining our investments for growth.  I mean just to give you a little bit of context, as you all see in our P&L, but we've got over $50 billion of annual spend. So we've got a rather large addressable spend opportunity to go after across cost of goods in OpEx, so really every percentage point here really matters. And so you'll be hearing more about the opportunities we see in the month ahead at the Investor Day, but overall, we can sort of align our cost activities with our growth and investing activities. 
Steven Fieler: Let me provide some financial context and hand over to Dion for additional color. So in the first half, our total Supplies revenue was down 3%. EMEA was down roughly 9% in the same period. And in Q3, total Supplies was down 7% with EMEA down mid-teens. I say that because I want to be very clear that our Supplies performance continues to be driven by EMEA. 
Steven Fieler: So we do view Q3 as an exceptional quarter for us, growing operating profit dollars $185 million in Personal Systems alone. And I do want to give kudos to the team, they stuck with the strategy. They've remained disciplined all year with the year-to-date performance of 4.7% up margins and over $300 million profit drop in that segment alone. But to directly address your question: We do expect margins to normalize back, I would say into the 3% to 5% range, Toni. Our goal of approaching the higher end of that over time. There will always be more shorter-term headwinds and tailwinds, whether it be commodity cost, FX, other pricing dynamics that tend to move pretty rapidly. What we're focused on is the longer term shift of our mix and improvement of our portfolio across our products and services, and this is a stickier, more structural margin improvement that we expect to get over time, again with the goal of getting to the higher end of that 3% to 5% over the years ahead. 
Steven Fieler: So on the first part of it, it's really hard to bifurcate the data between what the 2 actions -- the 2 items that Dion described, sort of the actions we're taking in the market and how that's changed. What I will highlight, I think it's important to highlight is, if you just reflect on the first half of the year in Print, our Supplies were down 3%, and we grew operating profit dollars in that period. And I do want to acknowledge we do not grow OP dollars in Print in Q3, given the larger Supplies decline, but we do have multiple levers across our Print business from more profitability on our hardware services, more growth in our growth initiatives as well as cost structure items to address in Print. So there are other levers beyond Supplies. 
Steven Fieler: So maybe I'll take that one first. And as I said in my prepared remarks, and I think Enrique went into long detail about FY '20 and the strategic and operational things, so I would bifurcate the 2.  So in the operational side, where we're driving in EMEA, we are making good progress. And yes, the timing extent and sort of the immediacy of the impact was harder than we anticipated, but we are making good progress and would expect to work through these operational changes in relatively short order in the quarters to come. As it relates to the more strategic impact, that's the more sustainable impact for us, and it's really the primary driver of why we don't expect Supplies to grow in FY '20.  That being said, as I commented previously, we have multiple levers. We've demonstrated this with the first half of the year, growing operating profit dollars even with our Supplies business declining. We've got levers around the growth initiatives that we're driving, we got levers around the business model itself, the shift to contractual, the shift to more profit in hardware and services itself. And we've got levers around our cost structure and significant cost saving opportunities. And these things holistically is why we have confidence in our EPS plans for next year to grow. We've been working on this plan as a team. Enrique, Dion, myself and the leadership team, and we're all confident in our ability to grow EPS next year. 
Steven Fieler: I'm assuming that question was in relation to Supplies. And I don't think we want to give any comment specifically on any particular quarter. Again, I think we're looking at our portfolio holistically, about the ability to drive the company results, both earnings per share and cash flow. I do want to also highlight, we have a strong Personal Systems business that represented 42% of our operating profit in Q3, so we have multiple levers at our company to grow our earnings per share. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So we look at our Personal Systems results, and actually, our company results, we did see a softer Consumer similar to what we saw last quarter and a stronger Commercial. I think when we look at the results, we are seeing softer Consumer across the board with a stronger Commercial. Some of that is driven on the Personal Systems side by the supply and availability of supply we're getting and demand shaping as appropriate.  It's important that you all understand we've got a very diversified portfolio across Consumer and Commercial. Even Commercial is SMB enterprise, and we're selling to the industrial space. So given the diversity of the geographies we play in and the product portfolio that we have, the customer segments that we play in, we feel like we can manage through up and down environments. 
Steven Fieler: I think it's important that, to communicate our focus is on operating profit dollars. It always has been, it's OP dollars and not related to any particular quarter. As I alluded to earlier, we have different levers, not just applied, to drive our profit dollars.  As it relates to the rate specifically, we did deliver a 15.6% op margin in Q3. It is below our target, at least 16%. I would expect Q4 margins to remain weaker, given my Supplies commentary. I'm -- probably more in the range of our Q3 margins as we work through the EMEA Supplies challenges and overall Print market weakness. That being said, in the near term, our annual op margin target remains at, at least 16%. But to reiterate, our focus is on OP dollars, and opportunities to drive even more operating profit dollars outside of Supplies with the items I talked about earlier today. 
Steven Fieler: Well, what I'd say it's all of the above. I mean we continue to make progress. The team has been very disciplined with their pricing strategy. But our also -- our overall Personal Systems mix on a year-over-year basis continues to improve. I don't think -- if I'm going to break it down specifically, but is, to the earlier question, was from Toni, our operating margin rate target is between 3% to 5%. And over time, our plans are to drive to the upper end of that rate. 
Dion Weisler: Just to round that out, I'd just finally say that, that's what gives all of us, myself, Steve and Enrique, the confidence of these multiple levers that we see and gives us that confidence in our ability to grow EPS again next year. 
Dion Weisler: Yes, and let me try to add a little bit of context here. There's 2 primary factors here that are occurring simultaneously. The first one is as we look across the macroeconomic environment, particularly in EMEA, we are seeing even more uncertainty in industry-wide market softness. And secondly, as I described in my prepared remarks, we're making progress in the plans we outlined on the prior earnings calls, and taking the appropriate structural and operational actions including marketing and our brand protection, business management systems as well as our deal pricing discipline that we talked about in the past, just to name a few.  In addition, we're making senior management changes in EMEA, and all of these are designed to put our EMEA Print business on a stronger footing. And while we had expected that these changes would create a short-term impact in the channel, we underestimated the immediacy, the reaction and the size of the impact on the back half of the year. And it's the combination of these 2 factors that have the larger-than-anticipated decline in EMEA. But as Steve mentioned in these prepared remarks, we are confident that in spite of all of this, we can navigate through these challenges and hit our senior metrics of EPS and free cash flow. And finally, we're confident in the multiple levers that we see and that again gives us confidence in our ability to grow EPS again next year. 
Dion Weisler: And I think, Toni, you've seen the team very consistently over multiple years deliver against that strategy and that's what you can expect from us in the future. 
Dion Weisler: Yes, I'll also chime in here and I'll ask Enrique to give us his thoughts, but as I discussed in quarter 2, we continue to make progress on the action plans that I laid out in February, our Supplies task force is really taking the appropriate and very decisive steps in EMEA to put our Supplies business in better fighting shape in light of the industry-wide and macro headwinds that we're seeing. We expected an impact from these actions that the size and the timing of the ripples caused in the back half of this year is something that we underestimate. And I'm sure Enrique can give you sort of a little more color on our progress there as well. 
Dion Weisler: Yes. As it relates to the second question, we've said all along it will be very strategic and systematic in how we go after this $50 billion-plus A3 market. I've also said on many occasions that customers don't think about their printing in the context of A3 or A4. In fact, many don't even know the difference. They think about their overall Printing solutions. And I realize that we set a 12% share target by the end of 2020, but our overall focus has always been on building a contractual business, and A3 is a key element of that strategy. It's also been important that we validate our technology and achieve critical mass in a competitive field, and we're doing just that. We achieved double-digit market share at 10%, and we expanded our OEM partnership that we announced earlier in Q3 with Xerox, which further validates the strength of our strategy and the product portfolio.  So I'm really not fixated on getting to 12% share by any particular period. And I'm not saying that we will or we won't, but what is important is we build the right distribution and partners to penetrate the contractual office. So from a customer's perspective, which is what guides us, what I can say is in the overall Printing solution is what matters most and when you combine our A3 products, our technology, our channel and our overall capabilities, and we couple that with our market-leading A4 presence, we really have a very compelling and formidable portfolio. So remember our larger strategy is to grow in contractual and to evolve our business model into more services and solutions. 
Dion Weisler: Yes. Look, additionally I'll add that at the company level, we're really proud of how we manage our total portfolio and we continue to deliver consistently against our senior metrics of earnings per share and free cash flow, the commitments that we make. I think you should draw great comfort from this and that this highly experienced team knows how to operate in both up and down markets and how to respond positively to the inevitable business challenges that are just part of business. 
Dion Weisler: So unfortunately we're out of time, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I also want to extend a personal thank you to all of you for your warm wishes and for your personal support over the years. It's been an honor working with you. We obviously had a lot to talk about today. 4 years ago, many people doubted this business. We didn't. We reinvigorated this business and reinvented HP. The team's executing against our strategy and investing in innovation while simultaneously taking cost out of the business, and we always have to do both.  As a result, we've delivered consistent free cash flow and met or exceeded our non-GAAP EPS outlook for the last 15 out of 15 quarters. I like that batting average. Enrique, you need to continue that. We have a strong foundation, a really strong foundation, a powerful portfolio. We have world-class talent. We have a culture of performance. It's been an honor to serve as CEO of this iconic company. Enrique's been a tremendous partner to me as we reinvented HP, and I couldn't be more excited and optimistic for him and for the future of HP under his leadership. I'm 100% focused on finishing our Q4 and the fiscal year and to ensuring a smooth transition at the company that I love and then to look forward to continue to guide the company as a director moving forward. Thank you very much. 
