S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. I think that there -- we had a number of large deals. Some of them were OCC rather than UC that hit in the June quarter, and we pretty much had expected we would have a bit of a dip into the September quarter based on what we knew of the likely timing. A number of the large UC deals in our minds remain very much on track. They're not all necessarily going to all hit in December, but some of them do begin, or at least are scheduled to begin in the December quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. I mean, I don't know if you want to narrow the question, but I guess, from my perspective, what we're continuing to see is that -- in terms of the providers, that Cisco and Microsoft continue to aggressively pursue the market with a good deal of success. We're believing that, frankly, we are very much recognized as the leading player in our part of the business not just in terms of market share, but in terms of innovation, in terms of support, in terms of thought leadership. And we're -- we feel very, very good about that position and how we've been strengthening it.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So our -- just to separate for a second because the plant in Plamex actually did not use domestic cash, okay, which -- and we're not able to return the international cash effectively to our shareholders at this point in time. Of course, we're hoping for a tax holiday, but right now, that's the case. So with our domestic cash, we do attempt to return roughly 1/3 of it in the form of dividends and 2/3 of it in the form of share repurchases, more when the stock is lower, less when it's high, and then we accumulate a little bit more. We have not found many acquisitions that were material, and we're not aware of any that we think are appropriate. Now it's not a kind of question I'm going to answer all the time because you never know when something to your point could pop up. But in general, most of the plans that we have seem to be obtainable through organic growth. If something comes along that is a really good fit and made a lot of sense, either because we couldn't do it internally or because it was a product that really fit our portfolio and our distribution channels and we thought we can successfully sustain it, than we might do it. But that has not been our primary orientation.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure, I'll try to do that. First, yes, we do think that we have a great secular growth trend with UC and, even though there's some volatility, we expect that to continue. Relative to core OCC, I would look at this as being largely tied to economic conditions. And the single most important economic condition is the robustness of voluntary turnover. When the employment markets are robust, people are confident, more willing to take risk, more willing to leave, secure jobs where they know people and go elsewhere. When their housing markets are more robust, they are more willing to relocate. And those things all feed into voluntary turnover. As I mentioned in the call, the reality is we haven't seen yet that rebound in voluntary turnover which you would normally expect, frankly, a couple of years back. And so, a lot of the UC growth has been offset by this continued weakness in the OCC markets. Now if we start to see a more robust broad-based recovery, we absolutely would expect that. Do we expect it right away? Not really. I mean, we had a little bit of a lift in the June quarter, but it's been -- it's a little bit flattish right now. I think there's been a lot of headline concerns still about economies around the globe and some uncertainties around the U.S. economy. So what we would hope for, really, in the absence of better GDP growth is fairly slow growth in the OCC market rather than something that's really robust. If in a better economic environment, then we would hope to see some better growth in that business. Relative to the mobile business, the -- there's been a couple of things that had driven the business, one has been new hands-free laws. And although there have been some, the most recent large one being China, we're not aware of anything large coming up. Illinois is coming up, but the truth is that Chicago already had a hands-free law, so it's a much smaller lift that we expect than if we had the whole state, including Chicago, suddenly coming online. The Bluetooth stereo market is absolutely growing and we are intending to participate in that. And then the gaming market is also growing and we do intend to participate in that. So I don't know if that's helpful and responsive. If not, let me know if there's a further question.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. Part of that was some institutions, some of the financials had bought earlier, they'd kind of gotten their balance sheets in place, they're a little bit bitter able to recover. But the broad-based kind of upswing, we haven't seen them in this. More recently, we've seen a little bit of upturn in the U.K. but again, it's just not been a full global recovery.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, that was really related to headset commentary only. I mean, it's certainly an adjacent market, but -- so I'm not -- I'm certainly not ruling it out, but I was really referring to headsets.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. I think that -- it's a matter of looking, of course, at the ROIs, at the -- what we need to do to maintain or enhance our competitive position in the market. But the truth is that we are probably at a point where our portfolio is very, very strong relative to that growth, and we are actually beginning to shift a little bit of the investment on the R&D side back towards some other parts of the business. And the -- so the UC investment is, in my mind, pretty full. We're expanding a little bit on the go-to-market side, a little less, as I say, on the development side. And so, I think that after we get done with a couple of things, including this litigation expense that will largely run for 4 quarters or so, we would expect our margins to properly be able to lift back a little bit.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So when you say any influence, of course, it's possible that it did. But having said that, we do not think that we have a significant impact from the sequestration or the budget issues. The sequestration primarily affects some of the contractors, and a lot of that is not really rippled through to a significant degree, so we might have had a small impact. A lot of the government is still investing, though, in productivity. And so, our category continues to be reasonably favorable. From the budget slowdown and the government shutdown, we probably had a small dip in revenues in the December quarter, but we expect that we'll recover that during the course of the quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so we look at it in terms our performance and that's -- our performance is really relative to the potential, which we don't control. We don't intend to really cause the adoption of the market. We're letting Cisco, Microsoft, the other big UC vendors really spread those solutions. And the pace at which those voice deployments occur is determined by the big companies and we're just trying to follow along, do the best job we can, providing great solutions, capture market share and satisfy our customers and try to make a profit from it as well. So from our perspective, the market is, overall, very much on track. We continue to see very good momentum towards the market. Again, the timing of particular deals is a little bit volatile, but in terms of our market position, in terms of the market, we think it's very on track.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So overall, we continue to feel that our value proposition is very strong and that's allowing us to maintain margins. So most of the mix effect on our margins is due to a larger portion of UC rev and any deterioration of our UC margins. We certainly find that there's nothing but price out there. I mean every competitor has the same strategy which is, if you're not better, then you're going to be cheaper. And so, we certainly see a lot of price competition out there. But an awful lot of people want their systems to work, too, and so, we continue to be the leader.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So I don't actually think so. Don't get me wrong, Cisco is massive and very, very important to our ecosystem and that can affect their orders. But I think that the timing of these rollouts and the replacement cycles for our products are still a little bit independent of that. We're excited by some of these new products. We've got some great integrations with them. It allows us to show some new features. And it's, again, really good stuff. But it's more of a long-term driver that it is affecting, I think, the timing of our orders.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, that was a global comment. Now don't get me wrong, it was certainly true in the U.S. and -- but, and some of these deployments are global. Some major companies, some of which were in the U.S., did some large purchases in the June quarter, and that was just their timing and so that happened.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so I'm not going to provide a complete snapshot on that point, even though it's a very legitimate question and we are investing some dollars and resources into the area, because we do think it is a very interesting area, but it's premature at this point in time for us to get into that. I will say that a lot of the contextual intelligence that we've developed is of immense value for organizations, but it also depends upon a greater degree of ubiquity and usage that we can currently provide. So many people are excited with the information that we can provide, in our ability to communicate it to systems and what that means for other systems, processes and so forth to be able to leverage that. But if our sensors are only attached to, in a non-UC example, 7% or 10% of people, and even in a UC example, if people are not wearing them all the time, then that information has less value. And so, people are very interested in a lot of the intellectual property that we've developed and a lot of the connection we developed and how can we get those into more ubiquitous platforms. So we are working all the time on increased sensors and other things to -- and interconnections that will add value, which are things that we have talked about, but we're also definitely exploring other areas and showing other technologies that leverage some of that.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So the gaming area is really a new initiative for us. We haven't -- we've been in the PC gaming area, but we have not been in the console gaming area. And so, this is really more of a new effort for us. We do believe that some of these new platforms will represent an opportunity to potentially work with -- I mean, we're not a part of their launch because we're new to the market, but we do believe that they will represent an opportunity to form partnerships now and be part of these new platforms. And that was part of the reason that the timing was good for us to establish our credentials and then develop these relationships and, ultimately, expand into it. But it's not a near-term promotion with these platforms.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So I mean, partly, you make that kind of initiative because you think you need to do so, obviously, and we were expecting that we would probably have a little bit of downward pressure this year. But as I said, I think we'll still be holding close to that 20% x litigation this year. And then, as I say it, after a few things get done including some of those litigation expenses, then we would expect it to be heading back. In some of the initiatives, I didn't go through all of them because they're not complete, that we're working on them, and some of those will occur next year. We think we'll substantially improve our business efficiency and reduce our cost, increase our speed. And those are things we also think will enhance profitability. So what I would like you to take out of it is that we feel very good about our operating model. I think that, that margin structure is right and, to the extent that we deviate slightly, intend to make those periods of time modest in duration at best and then get back into our target range
Pamela J. Strayer: We didn't have significant expenses related to GN in Q2, if that's what you mean by this quarter. For Q3, our guidance includes a little over $1 million for GN. I don't have -- no.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I mean, I don't -- it's really going to be tough to know. So we don't have really have guidance on that.
Pamela J. Strayer: Sure. Yes. Well, one of the challenges with providing more details on the guidance is that we are providing a range. We are going to be investing in more sales and marketing to take -- to cover GO expansion and continue to invest in the UC opportunities. So there are those investments in there for the quarter. As you know, we're making those investments ahead of any revenue payoffs for them, so we expect that those will return over the next year or so. But because it is a range that we're providing, it depends on the timing of when the headcount comes on, when we can hire people, that type of thing. So I didn't really highlight it necessarily, but the plan doesn't include that investment there.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So the $5 million was for the fiscal fourth quarter. And I think prior to the Plamex building investment and some of the other facilities investments that we're making here at Santa Cruz, our CapEx run rate per quarter was somewhere in the range of $5 million to $10 million a quarter, so that's how I would think about it going forward.
Pamela J. Strayer: It is an annual number. And the challenge with that is a big part of that savings is going to be coming from our solar installation and the savings we're going to be getting using solar, which is going to be much higher in the summertime. So it's tough right now to predict exactly when that would fall, but it is an annual number.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So it's a good question, and one of the things that we're going to be looking at in Q3 is really trying to benchmark excess and obsolete charges, what do -- what should we be expecting as a normal E&O charge. In the past, we had charges ranging from $250,000 a quarter, up to $1 million a quarter. So it's a wide range there. I guess, I'm thinking that, over the long term, annual charges of $2 million to $3 million is probably about where we're going to land, but it's kind of early for me to really be too firm about that. That's just kind of what I'm thinking at this point.
David M. King: I guess in terms of your revenue guidance and kind of thinking about some of your other businesses beyond UC, it sounds like UC, you do expect some -- a little bit of re-acceleration there. But maybe looking at kind of core OCC -- Ken you talked about there've been timing of deals there as well, I think last quarter or seen this quarter, you got -- you were hit by that, cascaded last quarter. I mean, how should we think about that? Should there be a re-acceleration there as well? And then as we think about mobile, I understand that, obviously, it's higher seasonally, but -- or could it be stronger seasonally, but how are you thinking about it from a year-over-year standpoint, maybe? Just any color you guys can provide on -- along those lines would be helpful.
David M. King: No, sir. That's helpful. I mean, I guess, in terms of on the core OCC side, it sounds like it's going to remain challenging due to the macro. I guess it just -- had shown some signs of improvement for a couple of quarters there, and so it sounds like maybe it's not going to necessarily improve all that much until we really see a more robust recovery, so...
David M. King: Okay, that's helpful. And then one other question related to kind of the expense guidance and, I guess, operating income guidance, is a better way of saying it. In terms of -- I think, Pam, you laid it out as being 3 quarters related to gross margin, back-end gross margin, and some of that's happening in 1 quarter litigation, if I heard that correctly. I guess , can you just help us out in understanding how much of it's investments in the business and where -- future investments in the business? And so, where -- how to think about that and where you're allocating those investments in terms of people or R&D and some of those things and kind of a run rate as we look out even further to the next quarter, what to kind of expect.
David M. King: I guess, just some real quick ones. On the gaming side, in terms of the new product introductions, I guess, just a quick question regarding the console replacement cycle that we have kind of ahead here. What, if any, kind of promotions are you guys planning to do around that, if at all, in terms of new products to kind of play on that? And are you expecting any kind of benefit from this console replacement cycle on the gaming business? I guess that's the first one.
David M. King: Okay, that helps. And then, Pam, in terms of the E&O charges, it sounds like you are expecting a kind of another big one this upcoming quarter and would now have a few quarters of those. Is this something we should kind of be modeling in and thinking about as kind of an ongoing sort of run rate? Is it fair to be thinking about some of these charges as fairly one-time in nature? Any context there, I think, would be helpful.
