S. Kenneth Kannappan: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, and let me add my thanks to Greg's for joining our call. There are 3 key points I'd like to discuss regarding our third quarter fiscal 2013 results. The first is year-over-year growth in all our major product categories and all of our geographies. Office and Contact Center, which represented 71% of revenue for the quarter, had record levels with 5% year-over-year growth, driven largely by UC revenue growth of 43%. Our consumer product groups, which represent 29% of our total revenue, grew by 16% in what is typically the strongest seasonal quarter for the product category. Pardon my sore throat. Second, our focus on an investment in our Unified Communication Solutions continues to grow, and our leadership in the market for UC audio solutions remains undiminished. Our redirection of investment towards our Unified Communications Solutions set over the past few years continues to yield strong win rates, deepen broad partner integration and an unprecedented level of intelligence in value-added software capabilities. We've had 2 recent breakthroughs in integrating our Contextual Intelligence capabilities with innovative new technologies. The first occurred last week with our partner, PGi. They're a global leader in virtual meetings who have been a terrific partner in integrating our Contextual Intelligence capabilities with their virtual meeting platform. iMeet recognizes if a user is wearing their Plantronics Voyager Legend UC headset and indicates to others if the wearer is available to take a video call, if they are busy and unable to talk. Users can launch an iMeet meeting with a single tap of their Voyager Legend headset, and iMeet will automatically signal other meeting guests if the user mutes or takes off their Plantronics headset and when they step away from the meeting. The result is a simply smarter virtual meeting with participants knowing who is available, not having to change settings to update their presence and availability information. The second happened a few weeks earlier when we were awarded the most visionary product of the year at the inaugural WebRTC conference. Web real-time communication is an API definition being drafted by the World Wide Web Consortium to enable browser-to-browser applications for voice dialing, video chat and P2P file sharing without plug-ins. Essentially, this new standard will allow real-time communications to take place over the Internet with virtually any audio application. With our open APIs, our latest UC headsets are the first to work with the new WebRTC standard. At the conference, we demonstrated how a Plantronics headset can unlock the PC with user voice authentication and utilize the HD voice for virtually all audio and voice apps on the web. Third, our performance in the Bluetooth product category was strong, with better product placements and a more competitive product portfolio. In addition, 5 of our new Bluetooth products gained recognition with CS Innovation awards. One of our software applications called Find My Headset was also recognized at CS with an Innovation Award. Sales in Bluetooth headsets are expected to be enhanced because enforcement of a Chinese hands-free driving law began on January 1. Violation of the law can result in fines and points on a driver's record. As a consequence, demand for our Bluetooth products in that country of over 200 million licensed drivers has already increased. We see an enormous long-term increase in market potential as China continues to develop. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Pam to discuss the financial results of the quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, we thought about everything when giving guidance [indiscernible] make these comments. First, on China, it's a -- while we've had hands-free laws, and therefore we've been able to model a hands-free law impact, this was a little bit unusual because China had had a hands-free law, then we saw a new hands-free law get announced in October, and we saw a little bit of a pickup of demand. But this was going into effect Jan 1. And normally, we see kind of a 30 days prior, 60 days post, a clear spike and then a higher ongoing run rate. In this case, the enforcement was what took people by surprise. And so sales kind of took off a little bit. People were out of stock, us probably most. And then you've got the Chinese New Year gift-giving phenomena in the early part of Feb. And then we're also a little cautious about -- we're hearing about a lot of people probably overestimating demand and product coming in the latter part of the quarter. And so it's -- it's a little hard to gauge this early in the game as to exactly what's happening in a large country where, while there are a lot of drivers, not everyone is necessarily going to participate and be as addicted to talking in the car as we saw when these laws occurred in California. So guessing the attach rate and the time on this is a little bit more challenging. And again, the sales info a little less reliable, given the fact that there have been some out-of-stocks because the enforcement was what surprised people. So we definitely have a non-normal and material increase in Chinese Bluetooth revenues in our forecast assumption. So that's one thing. On the Lync side, what we primarily saw here, in my mind, was that we have a lot of customers that had been in a, what I'd call, ready-to-deploy state. They deferred on us a little bit and those, in fact, went ahead. I don't think this was, in any way, shape or form, due to Lync 2013, again, which is really being launched in February. And I don't think that the March quarter will be significantly impacted by that launch because it's late enough in February and with normal cycles, I don't think that's going to be affected by it. I think -- I would expect that to be more downstream. Even as it is, what it is, is it's an improvement in a product, it's a nice set of improvements in a product. But I don't think that, in and of itself, is going to result in a huge surge. It's more that there's continued progress, greater acceptance that these tools are in fact ready for prime time. And so more and more companies are looking to move forward as part of the growth in the market.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think in this last quarter, we probably caught up a little bit to some of that lag. I think that certainly had been the case. And as I said, I think some of those deployments moved through a little bit. So I think there was a bit of a catch-up this quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So 2 different questions. So first of all, on the R&D, I think that we're -- we feel pretty good about where we are. And in terms of our R&D investment, I think, over time, we would expect it to scale, reasonably speaking, in line with our existing business model. There's no reason to update that model. Perhaps we will get a little bit of efficiency relative to scale. We're at the upper ends of that range but we're really not looking for any significant change. Very pleased with our R&D effort and quality and how it's migrated in terms of efficiency. In terms of the -- let's see. In terms of the differentiation that Contextual Intelligence provides us, I would say that it is unique, it is differentiated. We have been out there for better than 2 years with an extremely differentiated solution. If you look at the comments, and I'd just refer you to a couple, at CES, the Wall Street Journal had a piece on Contextual Intelligence right at the beginning of CES. The CEA in their comments talked about contextual intelligence being one of the top 3 trends. So I would say that to the ecosystem, which includes our partners, communications and so forth, people understand that this is very important, that we're out in front and that it can have a huge impact on solutions. From the standpoint of our customers, people get intuitively how much easier it is to use our products. When you talk about IT from a CEO's perspective, one of the big issues is that these new tools need to be easy and intuitive for people to adopt them. When you get a standard call on unified communications and I've got to change the default audio device, I've got to click and pause an application, I've got to click and answer the call. I mean, it's complicated. You just put on our headset and you answer the call. People understand that, that's going to make a difference in how quickly these solutions are adopted and that, that in fact impacts ROI. Now does that mean everybody? No. We're still getting that message out. This is still a nascent industry. We're still having a lot of dialogues. We're continuing to add value and applications as to what we can do with that, and I think that is resonating from people that we have, not just a vision, but something that we're bringing as reality that's going to have an impact on the solutions that they have. Are we able to get value for it? Well, clearly, our products are being bought at higher prices than our competition. So clearly, people are paying more for it. Does our competition still discount? Do we still face price competition? Yes, absolutely, we do. But I think people are recognizing that the performance of our products strategically, our positioning, those are both absolutely unmatched.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, when you ask into feelings, then I can take this question a little broader. Let me just say -- let me just start with the data. The datas that I read suggests that there has been a potential improvement in the United States. There's -- when we talk about voluntary turnover, there's kind of 2 key factors: One is what's happening with the unemployment rate. Clearly, that's declined. Now we all understand the labor force participation has also declined. And the second one is mobility. And clearly, the housing market has also improved some. So I think that overall, the trend at this point in time, most people I talk to are expecting positive GDP growth and a firming of the employment environment in the United States, which, I think, is somewhat positive. I would say that on the other side of it -- in fact, global unemployment, ironically, is at record levels and is expected in fact to rise, I think, slightly further. It's been surprising that in some of the economies in Europe, that the unemployment rate has further risen. Now against that, of course, jeez, we had an all-time record revenue quarter in Europe and Africa, and it's hard to offset that against these results. But I think that there is still -- while positive on these elements, the overall level of positive is small in terms of traditional business. The overall global economic environment from an employment voluntary turnover standpoint is still not very robust. In Europe, in particular, I would say, in some economies, if you have a job, you keep that job. I mean, you just -- the voluntary turnover level is very, very low. And some of these markets, likewise, the mobility of the workforce is very low.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Mobile down sequentially, but up year-over-year just in case there's confusion on the framework of your question.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. You know what -- I mean, I don't think it was really budget flush that much. We might have had actually a little bit of that in the U.S. instead, where people were nervous about sequestration and wanted to spend ahead. In Europe, I think there was -- it was more a little bit of the opposite. People had been nervous, and it pushed stuff out a little bit and then came back to it.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, first of all, I've -- maybe we've been giving a misleading impression because we've actually always had multiple partners in unified communications. Microsoft's a very important partner. But actually, we've always done a significant amount of work with Cisco, with Avaya, with a number of other players who have unified communications offerings. And so that's not really changed. There's a huge amount of Cisco UC business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well -- so -- I mean, the answer would be yes if I answered it -- if I just answer your question. But I kind of -- there's always some deals that move out, but there's also some deals that move into the quarter from the last quarters. So if I look at this on a somewhat more honest net basis, I don't feel that the quarter was hurt by deals moving out as a whole.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, volatility is probably down just a little bit because the size of the business has increased. And so if you just think about it, if you have a big customer end and there's only a couple dominating your revenues, versus now with a larger business, there's more customers in the mix. So I think the business, as it grows larger, is going to become less volatile over time.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, we're cautiously optimistic, and that really relates to your earlier question about what do we see with unemployment levels and voluntary turnover. And I guess we feel that while there are still some parts of the global economy that are still shaky, that the overall global economy will have positive GDP growth, and that that's likely to mean a slight improvement in unemployment levels globally and, therefore, an improvement in voluntary turnover. We're cautious in that we don't think that's going to be a robust out level of improvement in global unemployment. But nonetheless, we expect some moderate improvement. And therefore, I think it's likely that we will have an improvement in our OCC business.
Pamela J. Strayer: Well, we don't typically give guidance by category. And I think this upcoming quarter is going to be even a bit more challenging in terms of forecasting what it looks like because of the China hands-free law. Q4, I think, if you exclude China from that, it would be our typical seasonal mix in Q4, which would be a much lower mix in mobile than we experienced in Q3.
Pamela J. Strayer: No, nothing too unusual. I mean, every once in a while, we do make a large last-time buy, and we did one of those this last quarter. So our inventory did go up a bit because of that.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I think that's generally the right direction. And Ken had talked about that a little bit earlier. Mobile is kind of the wild card there. But yes, that's generally the right direction...
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So that accelerated depreciation relates to the construction project in Plamex, on our building consolidation. And we had originally talked about that a couple of quarters ago. That will continue at about that same run rate until the building is set to be occupied in the summer next year, this coming summer.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So there's a -- so there will be a significant catch-up benefit from the R&D tax credit going into effect in Q4. And we benefit quarters 1 through 3 on that. So that catch-up benefit is not going to be recorded in our non-GAAP results. That will be shown as a GAAP-only benefit.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So if you take a look at our -- it was about $8 million in capital expenditures this quarter. It breaks out roughly -- although a little under 1/2, for facilities improvements that we're making in our Santa Cruz campus, moving to a smarter working environment throughout the campus. The remainder relates to Plamex. At this stage in the construction project, it's not so much tooling, although it's going to be a little bit in that. It's more the construction costs that'll be capitalized. There won't be -- start depreciation until we occupy it.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. It was a significant growth in E&A from Q2 to Q3. Q2 was a real challenging quarter for Europe.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. No, when we go into fiscal year 2014, the benefit will just be baked into our effective tax rate and will be part of non-GAAP.
