Steven Fieler: Yes. Sure. I mean, I think to start, as I've said many times, our focus remains on operating profit dollars across the entire print ecosystem. But as really specifically to Supplies, Enrique mentioned, operationally, making good progress. We're seeing good indicators. Strategically, we're taking the right long-term steps. Q1 specifically, I guess what I'd say is we're planning prudently. Therefore, we're planning Q1 to kind of be more in the range of where we were in Q4, and that's embedded in our outlook and have confidence in the plan through the remainder of '20, and there's things that we view as tailwinds. We're shifting more of our business to contractual-based models, and that's across both home and office since that's stickier, higher share of revenue for us. We expect to continue to grow our industrial businesses across graphics and 3D. And as Enrique mentioned, we're making the right operational changes in EMEA, but also globally with the new commercial organization.  Obviously, we have some offsets. As you're aware, we have declines in the installed base in home. We're very well aware of that and obviously need to mitigate those declines and also the challenges we've discussed in prior quarters on the aftermarket share of Supplies. So we've got some pluses and minuses as we head through the rest of the year. And I guess, kind of -- that's how we view Supplies trajectory for FY '20. 
Steven Fieler: Sure. So I've got a lot of confidence in delivering at least $3 billion, and that's our outlook for FY '20. If you just look back over the past 4 years, we've averaged a little bit over $3.5 billion each year. And this year, in particular, we do have a headwind, primarily as it relates to restructuring of roughly $400 million. As I mentioned at SAM, there's some other onetime favorabilities we saw in FY '19 that we don't expect to repeat. That being said, given where we ended cash conversion cycle in FY '19, I would view CCC is actually a help year-over-year. Our outlook for FY '20 is minus 33 days, and we finished FY '19 at minus 31. We'll need to see how the PS volume plays out in the second half. And I would note that the seasonality this year in PS may be different, given some of the industry dynamics. But altogether, I got a high degree of confidence in delivering the at least $3 billion on it. 
Steven Fieler: And maybe just for starters, I do want to repeat maybe some of my comments at SAM and then sort of talk about where we are. As you're aware, we did update our long-term return-of-capital target at our Securities Analyst Meeting to return approximately 75%. That's our long-term target. And really, this is about a steady return profile for investors and supporting our business strategy. For FY '20 specifically, we're targeting at least 75% return, and that was what we said at the time, given our stock price significantly undervalued the business, and we have confidence in our outlook. We also indicated that our Board approved an incremental $5 billion share repurchase authorization. So we do have the flexibility to be opportunistic. Kind of bring it back up to, I guess, the point of your question around capital allocation, which we do view as an extremely critical management responsibility. In our framework, we'll remain disciplined. We have evaluated, we'll continue to evaluate ways with our balance sheet to create additional shareholder value. That could include M&A. It could include additional return of capital. As always, we'll compare the options using a return risk-adjusted view of each opportunity. 
Steven Fieler: So I'm assuming this is about the Supplies channel inventory and not channel inventory broadly. So let me kind of comment on where the Supplies channel inventory went this year. So throughout FY '19, we have reduced our channel inventory dollars by over $100 million. This is more than what we initially estimated. So we continue to make good progress. This includes both Tier 1 and parts of Tier 2, and note that we don't have complete visibility into the entire ecosystem. And so things are getting better. We do know, at the same time, the EMEA market has softened. So it's hard to bifurcate or specifically quantify how much of that channel inventory reduction was a result of starting the year off in a high position versus what was happening in the marketplace. What you should sort of think about it is at least $100 million channel inventory reduction on a year-over-year basis.  And as I mentioned, as it relates to FY '20, we do feel like there's things that are going our way from the contractual models, industrial businesses and the operational changes we've made, but we also have headwinds. And so we have to manage through the headwinds around the home side, have to manage the headwinds around ensuring we're protecting our share as much as possible. So I think those are all factored into how we're thinking about FY '20. We're taking a very prudent view, and that prudent view is factored into not just our Q1, but our overall FY '20 outlook. 
Steven Fieler: As I said, I think we've got some headwinds and tailwinds. What we're driving is operating profit dollars in our print business. Obviously, supplies is a big part of it, but so is the shift more to hardware. We saw our hardware gross margins expand in Q4 as an example, and adding more services to the portfolio. So all together is what we're driving to focus on OP dollars versus just Supplies specifically. 
Steven Fieler: And maybe just to add to that. What we did say at SAM, we did have a change in terms of our fiscal year '20 return of capital, where we communicated that we expect to return at least 75% and also announced an incremental authorization of share repurchase from the Board of $5 billion to give us the flexibility and opportunity to repurchase more shares. To note, in Q4, we did have additional material nonpublic information. I think that's obvious now. And so we were not as active in the market as we would like to have been. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So we are assuming that the CPU supply will constrain our revenue in Q1. And if you think about it on a sequential basis, certainly, in the Personal Systems business, we would expect to have declines from Q4 to Q1 above the normal seasonal patterns. That being said, well, this is more of a revenue impact than profit impact for the quarter as we expect our mix should be better. 
Steven Fieler: And as it relates then to the Win 7, Win 10 refresh, it could be that these current supply constraints actually indeed help prolong the Win 10 refresh. And so there's a lot of dynamics going on, and that's why I think seasonal patterns are likely to be affected, both from a supply, but also on the potential extension of the Win 10 refresh. 
Steven Fieler: I think, in general, we would agree with that view. I mean, there's a large installed base with PCs more than 4 years old. In our assessment, we're a little over 1/3 -- about 1/3 of which are still on Win 7. So there's an opportunity for upgrades. There's an opportunity for upgrades. We're seeing -- and Alex described this at our Analyst Meeting, that PCs are being used by this generation versus prior generations, and they're also using them for specific experiences. But -- so we see the TAM and our ability to gain share as a good opportunity, not to mention our ability to continue improving our mix. But the short of it is, we still think that there's some life here on that Win 7, Win 10 refresh that will extend. 
Steven Fieler: Yes, it's fair to assume that some level of the profit margin rate in dollars did come from that. But it really is on the backs of how we execute our strategy and overall pricing discipline. There's a lot of puts and takes to pricing. Obviously, commodities have been favorable for us. Overall, currency has been a headwind for us. And so as you take it all into consideration, in addition to the competitive dynamics, it's hard to specifically quantify how much of that sort of exceptional performance was due to the commodities. As we sort of think about FY '20, certainly even from Q4 to Q1, we'd expect the commodity costs to be a bit more stable. And therefore, I don't expect as much tailwind in Q1 and certainly as we enter into the second half as we saw this year. That being said, we continue to have a more structural opportunity to improve our mix. And again, the team deserves a lot of credit for remaining disciplined in the overall pricing strategy. 
Steven Fieler: So on a full year basis, mix has definitely been a tailwind for us in Q4 specifically and, as you point out, on notebooks, but we did see an ASP decline. That's driven by FX. So that's a certain part of it. At the total print -- PS level, that's got 2 points, and then rate was 2 points. When we look at the rate specifically, and I touched on this in my prior comments, but the overall industry-wide pricing adjustments in the market due to the commodity cost dynamics in certain product categories like notebooks, pricing is also dependent upon the supply availability that you get. And so all that together is really what drove ASP down year-over-year in Q4.  In terms of upside potential, I'd say we view it as significant over time. And when we think about mix, the good news for HP is we're under-indexed in such favorable parts of the PC marketplace. You think about displays and accessories, you think about premium categories. In gaming, which we grew double digits this past quarter. You think about services. And so all of that, we view as more structural long-term tailwind for us. But in the near term, yes, we're facing so many dynamics, Intel being another one, as an example, and the overall supply that we get. So -- but when we think long term, a lot of potential upside on our mix as we can continue to drive these growth initiatives. 
Steven Fieler: And just 1 other mitigation factor. I'm kind of repeating my earlier comment, but it's important to reiterate, and that is we do expect a better mix of units, which should help mitigate the profit impact of this. While there may be revenue, less so on the bottom line. 
Enrique Lores: And Shannon, let me emphasize the confidence we have in our plan. We explained our strategy during the Securities Analyst Meeting. We are making progress, and we are very confident in our ability to create value for shareholders, which is our key priority. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. So A3 is a key element of our contractual plan. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we are making very good progress. In a flat market, we are growing double digit. And if we focus for a second on A3, we have grown 5%, where the market is barely flat. So very good progress. And I think this is really important because as we look at the future of the print business and the need to change, the opportunity we have to continue to expand and change the business model, growing in contractual is critical for us going forward. And this is really where our focus is and where really our focus will continue to be in the incoming quarters. 
Enrique Lores: So let me start, and then I think Steve will complement. I think the key thing that we see, Toni, is a gap between the current value of the stock and the net present value of the cash flow projections that we have in our plan. And this is what drives our comment and thinking about being undervalued. What we have proven this quarter and we have proven in the past is that we have a clear ability to execute and that we deliver on our commitment. And our expectation is that by executing every quarter and meeting our guidelines, we will be seeing that gap to be reduced. 
Enrique Lores: Yes. Katy, I think the seasonality for next year is going to be impacted by the availability of CPUs. What we know now is that availability is going to be constrained for the first full half, and therefore, that will be having an impact on the seasonality between the second and the first half. So this is something that you really should have in mind as you build the projections for next year. 
Enrique Lores: And let me reinforce his comments. I think the combination of our innovation and ability to execute have proven that -- have allowed us to grow faster than the market, and this is what we expect to continue to do going forward. 
Enrique Lores: So let me start from the second question and then I will go back to the details of the first. As we shared during SAM, the change of business model in print is driven by 3 different vectors. First is a shift into services, both into managed print services and Instant Ink. This offers a better value proposition to customers, and this is a change that we have been driving for some time in the past and where we are growing double digit. Second element of the change is the growth in emerging countries of the big ink and big toner category. Big ink has been in the market for some time. We are growing. And we are the only company that offers a big toner solution, and we have continued the rollout of this solution during the last month. And only the last part of the change is really driven by the new model for transactional customers. This new model, as you said, will be available in the market at the end of the year during our calendar Q4. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. So the reception has been positive. As I said before, big ink has been in the market for some time and we have been growing our share. Big toner is a category that we are creating, and we started the launch a few months ago. And as we go into more countries, we continue to see the growth. Reception is very positive because in those countries, usually, consumption is high. We have lower share of [ original ] supply. And therefore, for us, it's a better model and it's also a better model for our customers. 
Enrique Lores: So yes, you're right that we have been in this situation for about a year now. As I said before, we expect it to continue for probably at least 2 other quarters. I think the question about the why is probably a better question to ask to Intel than to us. What I can tell you, though, is that we continue to be committed to use multiple CPU providers. We are working with other vendors. We have been growing the mix of other categories. But Intel is still a very large part of our portfolio and, therefore, when there are shortages, we need to navigate through those and manage our business that way. 
Enrique Lores: I think we are running out of time now. So I want to thank everyone for joining us today and taking the time to be here, and I'd like to emphasize the confidence that we have in our strategy and the multiple levers that we have to create value. We are -- we have been and we will be relentless in managing costs and investing to create long-term value. And we know how to manage through the current dynamics, which is what -- exactly what we have been doing during the last years. We will continue to execute our strategy with rigor, and we will keep our focus to drive long-term value creation for our shareholders. Thank you. 
