Greg Klaben: Thanks very much, Joanne. And welcome, everyone, to Plantronics' fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 financial results conference call. Joining me today are Ken Kannappan, Plantronics' President and CEO; and Pam Strayer, Plantronics' Senior Vice President and CFO. The information presented and discussed today includes forward-looking statements, which are made under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The risks and uncertainties related to such statements are detailed in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K and today's press release. For the remainder of today's call, we will be providing only non-GAAP metrics related to gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, and EPS. We have reconciled these measures in our earnings press release and in our quarterly analyst metric sheet, both of which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website. We have also reconciled constant currency in the Investor Presentation. After the conclusion of today's call, a recording of the call will be available on our website as well. Unless stated otherwise, all comparisons of the fourth quarter financial results are to the same quarter in the prior year. Plantronics' fourth quarter net revenues were $200.8 million. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.61 compared with $0.65 in the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.72 compared with $0.74 in the prior year. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter consists of charges for stock-based compensation and purchase accounting amortization. Both net of the associated tax impact and tax benefits were the release of tax reserves. Please refer to the full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Greg Klaben: Thanks Pam. At the beginning of every fiscal year we update our total adjustable market and growth expectations for the subsequent five years. Working with industry analyst firms Frost & Sullivan analytics, in addition to our own estimate, we've updated the average growth rate expected for our markets from calendar year 2014 to calendar year 2019. I’ll walk you through the total addressable market now and if you haven’t already seen the new IR Presentation with these slides, they are available on the IR section of our website. Overall as Ken mentioned, we’re expecting our total addressable market and our own growth to be in the double-digit rate over the next five years. We would expect the enterprise market to comprise of core enterprise, contact center and Unified Communications, which grow by an 11% CAGR through calendar 2019 and as we've discussed over the past year, we will be reporting enterprise revenues in aggregate going forward. We're anticipating a CAGR of approximately 8% in our consumer addressable market comprised of Mono and Stereo Bluetooth, gaming and clarity products. In Slide 27 in our IR presentation, we've sized the enterprise market at $1.2 billion in calendar year 2014 growing to $2 billion in calendar year 2019 and the consumer market growing from $1.5 billion in calendar year 2014 to $2.3 billion in calendar year 2019. Our five year CAGR for the consumer market is in line with last year's projection; however for the enterprise market, it’s significantly lower than the 17% to 18% CAGR we forecast last year. The current forecast incorporates recent growth rates in Unified Communications and a slight impact from the currency headwinds. Our longer term outlook for mass market adoption of Unified Communications is in no way diminished and we’re fully confident that the fundamentals of UC adoption and headsets to the device of choice are on track. Attach rates of headsets continue to be 60% or higher when Unified Communications Solutions with voice are deployed and desktop phones are taken away. Current attach rates for global knowledge workers using headsets are approximately 7% and are expected to grow to 15% in calendar year 2019. Our gross margins in UC remain in line with our long-term corporate model and we do not believe we have experienced any market share losses new entrants. However, selling prices in the market remain solid and we believe our product portfolio and overall solution set is significantly differentiated from the competition. I’d also like to note that we’re anticipating a modest growth rate for revenues for fiscal year 2016 as compared with the five year growth rate in our market model. With that I’d like to open the call for questions.
Greg Klaben: Let me thank you all very much for joining our call. I recognize it's early and now it’s spilled over into the open market. If you have any further questions, we would be available. Thank you again.
Ken Kannappan: All right. We’ll try. This is Ken, let me kind of start a little bit. So first of all it is difficult for us to actually know how much is due to the timing of scope for business, which is at this point in time is kind of formally launched next week I think at the Ignite Conference that Microsoft has. I think that it is normal for a lot of businesses to want to build with the latest technology if they’re going to implement it. So as you just start to get just before the major new product announcement seeing a little bit of slow down, it’s not a typical after you get the new product to test out a little bit decide you want to go with that is normally when you would expect a little bit of resumption. We’ve certainly seen that in the past. Well that is the case now, we don’t have the 20 hind side mirror out or not, but we have heard that. I would say that having said, the bigger issue in my mind link is then that many customers have taken link and have not yet used the voice clients. They're using the IM and the presence and they're not using the voice and so that represents a bigger opportunity fundamentally for people to move forward with these soft clients let’s see. Relative to some of your other questions, I do not think that -- so we had a fall off in Russia and we certainly do have a disproportionately high share of that business on the business side and it was -- having said that, it was not primarily UC centric. There is UC business in Russia absolutely, but it is not one of our higher adoption areas from UC. We actually had a bigger effect in the U.S. where the market overall has not been as heavily affected. I’m not sure I got all of your questions, because there were so many parts to it.
Ken Kannappan: All right, let me try to do this. So first of all, on EncorePro we do not expect to be able to ship until a considerable delay, by which I mean October. We certainly have lost revenue as a result of not having that product and we’ll lose revenue throughout the June and September quarters as a result of not having that product that’s incorporated into the -- obviously the results that we already have and the guidance that we had for the June quarter. It is very disappointing to us. In essence we really had to do almost a full redesign of one element of the product just to get it up to our standard level on that. Let me see in terms of Radio Shack, we've had customers go through bankruptcy and very often they are able to operate in bankruptcy in a diminished fashion that didn’t prove to be the case, we actually had kind of zero revenues from Radio Shack again unfortunately that was an account where we just had an extremely high share of their business. So it is an effect and perhaps a little bit of disproportionate effect for us. Are we disclosing the size or not? Okay, I’m not sure that we’re giving a specific size of these accounts but it certainly was a major retail consumer account for us.
Ken Kannappan: Well I think that we’ve seen slower adoption than we had earlier expected in the market. I think that all of the industry forecasters have kind of taken down their expectations just based on one I think macroeconomic people were expecting to have slightly better economic conditions than we have. Two, more particularly as it relates to UC again the actual adoption in use of some of the voice clients is just a little bit behind where people expect it and we’ve kind of extrapolated out the more recent results into our expectations.
Ken Kannappan: Well there are new features in Skype for business, there are features that are particular to Plantronics integration with Skype, there is nothing that is specifically new to Skype for business from Plantronics with some more carry-over of our existing portfolio on to that new platform.
Ken Kannappan: Sure in essence without going into too much detail, we had a situation where a portion of products would not wind up having the kind of useful life that we normally expect. In essence we were using a brand new laser welding system, which turns out with some small fiber glass content in some of the pieces resulted in a little bit of work in essence. So we actually had to fundamentally change the design, it’s something we’ve done in the past, we were using some more advanced processes which should have some benefits but in this case it did create a lack of reliability and a portion of the products that people would have experienced over time and people buy a Plantronics product, they expect to get two or three Ex the useful years of our competition we have to deliver that.
Ken Kannappan: So for Plantronics, still a much larger portion of our business is coming from mono. Clearly the stereo business is rising pretty significantly. Let me talk for a second on market share, in mono we're the global leader in market share. We’ve consistently seen increases in that already strong position. In the U.S. through the March quarter and I frankly I didn’t think it could rise from where it was, we went up from 51% in last year to 56% in the March quarter. In Stereo, we're clearly a small player. We really are not targeting the broad stereo market right, now but we’re really doing is following our business customer into stereo markets and throughout that business customers day. So for example we're doing products for the business person when they are playing games, when they are listening music, when they are running, that type of thing. Our overall mix is about 70% mono, above 30% stereo right now.
Ken Kannappan: So I’ll let Pam talk to the accruals, but our look for the completion of litigation is that its still going to be sometime we believe. We believe that the case is going very well in terms of substance but that doesn’t mean that they’re not able to continue it for, quite sometime but which I mean at least for year maybe two.
Ken Kannappan: Well that’s the problem when you said the longer term thing, because sometimes the credit markets themselves vary a little bit over time and we want to be a little bit cautious in making sure that we’re good for a period of time and at the same time our industry dynamic contains a little bit. I would suffice to say that for if you look at whether we want to call us kind of a relatively small technology company just short of a billion with the kind of a good market position that there are ratios that represent that kind of near investment grade level kind of strong BB, BB Plus type of rating if you think but public data course it can also be line of credit type of stuff that we would look at. But that’s kind of where we’re centered and then look at more than just EBITDA coverage in terms of the financial structure. So I’m not being very specific, but I’m hoping it’s still helpful to you.
Ken Kannappan: So, we’ve seen both of those, but that’s not entirely new in that it’s been kind of a continuing phenomena of the market where there have been a number of companies that indicate they’re going to do things and the actual rollouts have been delayed. Perhaps there’s a little bit more so but nonetheless again it's not a new phenomena on either element. I think we’ve seen a little less customers come in and again that’s where we primarily think there’s a possibility, that it’s a delay for the new platform and then again the other big thing really is that we just have this big backlog of customers that have deployed and haven’t activated the voice license yet.
Ken Kannappan: Well in some cases, they’re getting all these licenses as a bundle and so they just elected to go ahead and get people familiar with the presence tool, with the IM tool, they think they’re happy enough with their existing telephone lines for whatever reasons. So they’re just using two different systems rather than unified systems.
Ken Kannappan: That's different. That's not a delay. That's just a structural component shortage that we had for the BackBeat FIT and it's been a very long delay. We do expect that by August that will be alleviated significantly.
Ken Kannappan: So the way we see it is that in all honesty this year would have been a pretty decent year in constant currency. So we are going to in our minds grow, I want to kind of remind whatever disclosure risk we have on savings sorts of things. But we still expect to be able to grow kind of normally in constant currency. How it gets reported is going to be clearly impacted by FX but we think it will still end up being a positive number.
Pamela Strayer: Well mix was certainly the most significant impact, E&O expense exceeds excess and obsolete inventory charges for the quarter were so low, so that helped us as well. But really when you look at how low our consumer mix was for the quarter, it’s very lower than we’ve seen in probably eight quarters. So that was primary driver.
Pamela Strayer: Regarding the accrual, no we don’t haven't accrued anything for the GN litigation. We would only do that if we thought it was probable and we could estimate the loss, which we can't at this point in time.
Pamela Strayer: So the lower tax rate this quarter was driven by higher foreign earning and the share estimated at 40 million shares for Q1.
