Karen Parkhill: Thanks for your question, Andrew. Our Q3 print margin was below our expectations, although I would note that supplies did come in as expected in the quarter. So our margin was impacted by more aggressive pricing as we talked about, as well as a challenging market environment, particularly in China. And that was driving unfavorable geographic mix. And against that environment, we took the opportunity to place hardware units that are profitable long-term but dilutive to the current overall margin rates. And despite the headwinds, we also maintained our investment in the key growth areas that are going to generate long-term value. And then as we look ahead to Q4, we expect to be seasonally stronger on revenue. We're also, as we talked about taking more aggressive actions to drive that margin improvement. We said we're accelerating our Future Ready plan. We're driving further reductions across the core. That includes business consolidation, reduction in platforms, and supply-chain optimization. And with all of this taken together, we're confident in our ability to deliver the print margins near the top-end of our 16% to 19% target range.
Karen Parkhill: Yeah, thanks for the question, Erik, and I look forward to meeting you in person too. In terms of flow-through, our savings are flowing through and reflected really in our ability to deliver the margins within or above our target ranges for both PS and print despite the fact that we've got this challenging macro backdrop. Just a reminder, our savings are reflected in both OpEx and COGS. And as -- and we are reinvesting. And so as we reinvest, we're seeing a bit of a geography shift in our P&L with some higher gross profit offset by higher operating expenses because much of our investments are going to be in the OpEx area. And we've talked about the fact that we're focused on driving these savings so that we can both offset our headwinds and continue to invest in our important growth drivers for the future and you can expect that to continue.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks for your question, Toni. And as we look-ahead in Q4, we are expecting some seasonal growth ahead. Personal Systems, we expect to increase sequentially low-to mid-single digits. And we said given the lingering softness in consumer, we're expecting some less seasonal growth than we've had historically. And for print, obviously, we've got improving trends in the market, but the pace is slower than we initially expected and we've got some continued pricing pressure. So, we expect print revenue to increase low-to mid-single digit and that's driven by typical seasonal strength along with some seasonality coming out of industrial with DRUPA. And obviously, we expect supplies to increase sequentially in line with last year. I would say on the Future Ready, we are focused on driving savings to offset our headwinds and ensure that we can maintain our investments. And what you saw this quarter was us having some headwinds hit us, taking some action that's going to help us more in the quarter ahead than it did in this quarter and purposely continuing our investment because we're focused on the longer-term.
Karen Parkhill: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Toni. First of all, I would say, don't read anything into the new authorization. We did have a $15 billion authorization that we are near expiration and pleased that the Board increased the authorization to $10 billion at this stage. And it shows our commitment to continuing to return roughly 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. I think that is the right commitment for our shareholders at this stage. We're not changing any of that commitment longer-term. We are still committed to that capital allocation policy of returning 100%. And of course, we said unless higher ROI opportunities arise and as long as our gross leverage remains below two times. But what you've seen is that is really returning roughly 100%, and we're committed to that this year too.
Karen Parkhill: Thanks, Wamsi. I would just start with, we're pleased with our free-cash flow this quarter. It did come in better-than-expected and it really reflects the strength of the sequential growth in PS that drives working capital improvements. And remember that our PS cash conversion cycle is negative. And so, we're going to continue to expect projected sequential PS revenue improvement and you can expect that to contribute to Q4 free-cash flow as well. So, our outlook remains unchanged to deliver $3.1 billion to $3.6 billion for the full year, we're confident in our ability to deliver the remainder that we've got in Q4. And keep in mind that our free cash flow is stronger in the back half. And so we just expect that strength to continue.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you. Let me take that question. So first of all, when we talk about consumer AI PCs, if we use the IDC description, we had said that we expected sales to be around 10% during the second half and we think we're going to be slightly above that number. So they are performing well. Where we really are also focused in what we call next-generation AI PCs that we have just started to launch. We announced our first products with Qualcomm and with AMD only a few weeks ago and shipments are starting to -- are beginning now. So we haven't seen a significant impact from those yet. The reaction has been positive. The experiences that we are able to generate are very compelling. We had an event with many of our software providers a few weeks ago in New York when we were able to display that. So the reaction is positive, but the impact on our results has been very, very small yet. In terms of adoption, we think that in the very short term, adoption in consumer will be faster because adoption in commercial is always limited by the evaluation process that many of our customers have to go through and those evaluation processes are only starting. So it's going to take some time until they have an impact in our results. And in terms of the projections that we have for the future, we maintain the projections that we have been sharing over the last quarters. We expect next-generation AI PCs to represent around 50% of shipments in 2027, three years after launch, and they drive an average selling price increase between 5% and 10%. This has been the projections we have been sharing before and we are confident that we will continue -- we will deliver on those in the future.
Enrique Lores: Okay. Let me take this opportunity to share a bit more about what we are seeing on the print market and then how do we project this going forward. As we said in the prepared remarks, clearly the print market was challenged and we didn't see the recovery that we were expecting. But within that, we saw some signs of positive change. For example, we saw positive growth on the home space. The decline in the office category was lower than the declines we had seen in previous quarters. And as Karen said before, we have seen supplies performing as expected and especially usage is a good predictor of what is going to be happening in the future. This is why we think that the slow -- slower recovery is temporary and we expect it to see changing going forward. The majority of it was in the office space and this is really what drove it from a demand perspective. From a pricing perspective, what we have seen is a continuation of what we have shared before. Many of our competitors are taking advantage of the weak yen and this is allowing them to be more cost -- more aggressive from a price perspective. We have been working to reduce the cost structure for our products to be able to place profitable units. And this is what we did this quarter. We placed units, we hold our share. We grew share in the home space. And as we continue to drive cost, we will continue -- if we see the opportunity, we will continue to place profitable units, which continues to be our goal.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So, let me go there. But we -- I think what the market evolution on our results confirm is that we have seen a recovery of the PC market. And this recovery is mostly driven by the commercial side of the business. Trying to provide some more specifics on -- about your question, we saw market for enterprise growing close to 5%, government between 6% and 7%, SMB 3% and education 1%. So, we saw significant growth on the commercial space, especially in enterprise. And this is really supported by the trends that we had discussed before. The installed base has been aging and the companies are seeing the need to refresh that. Windows 11 is starting to have an impact and especially since Microsoft announced the -- when they will stop supporting Windows 10, and it's not only we have seen in sales, we continue to see that in the funnel of new opportunities that we see that continues to grow and it is much stronger this year than it was last year. So we think that the refresh is still ahead of us. We have only started to see that and we continue to believe that this opportunity is coming.
Enrique Lores: I think, Toni what is important also, if we look at year-to-date operating profit growth for the different businesses versus the plan that we had at the beginning of the year, we have seen operating profit growth in Personal Systems and this is a combination of both the savings and the progress that we have seen in the market. We have not seen operating profit growth in print and we -- this was -- this is not what we were expecting at the beginning of the year. But this is the major change that we have seen. And the major driver for that is the smaller market that we see, especially in-office, and the more aggressiveness that we see especially driven by the weakness in yen. We think both things are temporary. So we don't see this as structural changes, but definitely they are impacting our performance in 2024.
Enrique Lores: Let me emphasize that, Toni, nobody should read anything on the number. $10 billion is close to a third of our market cap. It's a very big number and this is going to take us several years to get there. So no, nothing important behind the number except our commitment to continue to do it.
Enrique Lores: Yes, we don't think there is anything structural. I think it's more the result of what we see from a competitive perspective. And I will go back to some of the data I was sharing with Toni before. Year-to-date, Print PCs are growing operating profit. We are not seeing that growth in print and this is really driven by the softness that we see on the office space and the aggressive pricing that we see because of the weakness of yen. On the positive side, we have seen the home business recovering and probably more important than that is the fact that supplies and our supplies business is performing as we were expecting. So really no changes in supplies. And always supplies is a good indicator of what we would expect to see in the print side going forward because it talks about the usage that our customers are using and how really our devices and the printers are being utilized. If you look at the guide and the midpoint of the guide, we expect EPS to grow this year. So from that perspective, we expect growth. But yes, it's slightly lower than we were expecting because of the competitive environment that we are facing, especially in print,
Enrique Lores: Yes. Just related to the future-ready, I don't know if this is part of your question,, but the cash outlays for Future Ready expect to be roughly the same as we've been saying about $300 million.
Enrique Lores: Yes, thank you. So when -- let's see, first of all, our strategy has not changed and it continued to be placed profitable units. And as we had said before, we were expecting to be able to be more aggressive in the second half as we were driving cost reductions at the hardware level and this is what we did. And this is why at the overall print level, we grew market share this quarter, and especially in the home space and also in A3 and in A4 value. So this is what drove our ability to place more units and to gain some share, even if the environment was more competitive than what we were expecting. We continue to make good progress in driving the business model changes that we have been sharing before. Instant Ink revenue continues to grow. Net subscribers continue to grow. The number of subscribers in the all-in program continues to grow. So, we continue to make very good progress on that front. And also we continue to be in the 50% range of profit on front units similar to what we have shared before. So good performance in that level and nothing relevant to share in those areas.
Enrique Lores: No, I think it's a consequence of the softness that we see. And this really is when we compare to previous quarters, we think that Q4 is going to be a stronger quarter than Q3 from a consumer PC perspective. But we think that the growth is going to be lower than what we had seen in previous years, given that we expect to see this softness in consumer, nothing else behind that this assumption.
Enrique Lores: I would say we are still in the process of adjusting our prices up, as I have shared in previous calls, we cannot adjust prices immediately because there are contracts that have been signed or deals that have been done. So it takes us some time to adjust. And also this quarter, given the competitive environment that we are seeing, probably we are not able to adjust them as much as we wanted, but you should expect us that we will continue to do that in the coming quarters. If we look at the PC business, from a historical perspective, we are always able to adjust prices, but it takes some time until we fully adjust them based on all the drivers that I mentioned before.
Enrique Lores: Yes. I mentioned that slightly before, when I talked about government, the Federal Government is part of that and it was actually the segment where we saw the strongest growth this quarter, it grew between 6% and 7% and we think that -- we think that this is going to continue in the second-half. It will be a source of growth in the commercial -- in the commercial space. And for example, we signed a deal -- we have been signing deals with many of the large businesses. We signed one with NASA that we are especially proud of because it was a big replacement and a great mix of both workstations and notebooks. So very good deals and very good funnel in this space.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me let me go through both. So first of all, the majority of the refresh is still ahead of us. If we compare to previous cycles, it has probably started in a slightly slower way, but we are clearly picking-up momentum. And when we look at the funnel of opportunities that we have and the growth of the funnel compared to where we were a few quarters ago is definitely growing and definitely supporting the opportunity that we see. And in terms of customers waiting for the Intel refresh, this is not something that we are seeing the opposite. We are starting to see good momentum in commercial as the results this quarter reflect and the projections that we have shared for Q4 and for the coming quarters.
Enrique Lores: So, let me just start by -- close by saying thank you to all for having joined today. A big welcome to Karen to the business and to the team. A big thank you to team for the great work that they have done over the last quarters. And going back to the business, I think Q3 confirms the momentum that we have. We are pleased to see the company growing again after nine quarters. So I think that's a great change. And we also know that the competitive environment continues to be difficult, especially in print, especially in office and that -- and we are accelerating our cost actions to compensate for that, but we remain very confident in the long-term opportunity that the company has, especially integrating AI into our portfolio and redefining the future of work. This is where the company is focused and this is where we are really investing to continue to have profitable growth in the future. But thank everybody and looking forward to seeing all of you in the coming weeks. Thank you.
