Cathie Lesjak: So, Jim, let me start with the first one in terms of your comment around the drop. I think, the way we think about this is if you go back to kind of the Q3 earnings call, we provided an EPS range, and we ended up at the higher end of that range. So, we anticipated kind of where we thought we would end up. Now, we did see a little bit of upside from a Personal Systems perspective, and that drove a lot of the top line, and there just isn’t as much drop in Personal Systems, especially when you combine that with commodity cost headwinds that we’ve seen in that business. And then, on top of that in print, what we were really focused on this quarter was not only keeping supplies stabilized, which we did, very pleased with the results there, but we also took advantage of a little bit bigger market and also the opportunity to place materially more printer units than what we would normally see on a sequential basis. And so that obviously put some downward pressure on operating profit and EPS as well.
Cathie Lesjak: So, let me start with the supplies question. Katy, thanks for that question. We have really proven to ourselves and hopefully to you that you should have confidence in our four-box model. We saw that we performed at least as well as we had expected and in some cases a bit better than what we had expected, both for the full year 2017 quarter by quarter as well as in Q4. And based on that, we grew supplies, obviously in Q3 and Q4 operationally, and we’ve plugged that into the model. And what we see coming out of the model is that supplies for FY18 would be flat to slightly up. But keep in mind, we are always working on ways to optimize kind of each of the boxes with a variety of strategies and tactics, and we will continue to do that and try to drive even better supplies performance.
Cathie Lesjak: And in terms of print margins over time, what we talked about at the Security Analyst Meeting, and this is without Samsung, was that over the long term, we would expect that the print margins would be in the 16% to 18% range. In the shorter term with Samsung, there will be pressure on the rate. I mean, think about that we brought Samsung in at about a $1.4 billion in revenue for FY18 and about a $0.01 of net profit to the Company. And in near to short-term, the next half, we expect it to be in investment mode. So, there will be incremental pressure. But, we do think over time that those margins get back to the 16% to 18% range.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Steve, we have a lot of confidence. Our consumer portfolio, particularly in the inkjet space, those printers phone [ph] home regularly and they let us know where and what types of printers are getting really strong attach rate. You’re absolutely right, most of the incremental units were in the consumer space because that’s where we saw both a little bit better market sizing and then also on an opportunity to place positive NPV units.
Cathie Lesjak: I think Enrique said it best at the Security Analyst Meeting. We’re really focused on accelerating growth. We don’t guide revenue. But if you do the math, if you’ve done the math, you can imagine. I mean, if supplies is, 60 plus, 65% plus of the revenue and it’s flat to slightly up, and we’ve got growth initiatives across the A3 copier space, where we think there is real opportunities, we’ve got the 3D printing opportunity to grow, we think that we’re actually as Dion say, just getting started in that space.
Cathie Lesjak: And I think, Ron laid out at the Security Analyst Meeting the fact that core traditional PC market from a unit and revenue perspective would be down in 2018 over 2017. But, as you’ve seen and as Dion talked about, we are playing our game and we know how to compete and win. We’ve got to make sure that we’ve got a great cost structure that we do hyper-segmentation and that we reinvest back into innovation, so that we can grow the market. The compares are tougher, no question about that. I mean, last year, we grew 10% in Q1 year-over-year, 10% in Q2, 12% in Q3 and now 13% in Q4. So, there are tough compares. But we know how to operate in this environment, and to outgrow our competition.
Cathie Lesjak: And then with respect to Samsung’s business, some of the things to keep in mind is that the revenue that I talked about for FY18 is $1.4 billion and the business that Samsung has is mostly A4 laser. And within that historically has been largely low-end laser, which means their supplies mix, as a percentage of the total print business is materially lower than our current business. And our job is to obviously improve that but they are -- they do run quite a bit lower in terms of percentage of revenue. In terms of the margins, I’ll leave it up to you to actually do the math on whether or not you think they drop below 16%. We know that in the very short term, there’s pressure from the Samsung business but over the long term, we’ll get back to good strong margins.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Toni, in terms of $1.8 billion, that was the 2015 revenue for the Samsung printing business. But, we’ve never talked about what the percentage was of that that was supplies, and they run materially lower on supplies as a percentage of the revenue mix than HP does. So, I can’t really talk to that. But what is pretty typical is that when you have a long period between announce and close, there’s a lot of uncertainty and customers make choices. Right? And so, we’re not surprised by the fact that Samsung printing has lost market share and declined their revenues. And keep in mind again, this is mostly in the A4 -- low-end A4 Laser space, and that’s really not the reason why we bought the Samsung printing business, we really bought it to disrupt the A3 copier space.
Cathie Lesjak: Okay. In terms of Samsung, one of the challenges we are absolutely going to have on a go forward basis is with Samsung is that if we do our job right and we fully merge and integrate the HP print business with the Samsung printing business, we are going to be doing things like optimizing the portfolio and completely integrating go-to-market and R&D. So, it will become increasingly difficult for us to break out what was -- what is the Samsung’s printing business versus the HP Printing business. So that will be a challenge on a go forward basis. We can discuss and decide whether or not we are going to talk about supplies, tell you what the supplies percentage is of the $1.4 billion. But, on a go forward basis, it’s going to be very difficult. We will do the best we can, so that we can give you a good view of whether or not we are flat to slightly up on supplies, and we expect that we will be without Samsung.
Cathie Lesjak: So, on a year-over-year basis, we do expect that there will be an increase in ASPs related to commodity costs but what we’ve been talking about in terms of the counter pressure is that the currency environment has gotten -- the currencies have gotten much stronger. And therefore there is kind of the counterbalance to that is what are the pressures going to be, the competitive pressures to actually decrease local currency prices in the foreign markets? And that’s where we think there could be some significant downward pressure in ASPs for Personal Systems.
Cathie Lesjak: And Shannon, just to remind you, this is all very returns based analysis. We step back and we look at what the investment is that’s necessary and then what the opportunity is in terms of cash flows on a go-forward basis to determine whether or not, it will add value to the firm. And then, also to stack rank and determine which ones we are actually going to invest in.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Wamsi, yes, the mix of the $1.4 billion in revenue for supplies is materially lower than the current HP business.
Cathie Lesjak: It will take us some time, but we’ll see pretty consistent progress over the next few years to get it back to those levels.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Amit, if you look at the total year, our commodity costs headwind was about a $1 billion. And so, we’ve actually done -- I think Dion talked about, we’ve done a really good job of managing in what has been a very tough industry-wide commodity cost environment. And we’ve done that by leveraging our balance sheet, looking at basically buying strategic -- doing some incremental strategic purchases to assure ourselves of supply, entering into longer term agreements, so that we not only assure ourselves of supply but also that we are able to negotiate better prices. We also have mitigated it by using our balance sheet by putting more product on the sea and then, when all of that -- we figure all that out and then we look at what kind of repricing that we’re able to do and still be able to be very competitive in the market. And in fact, as you see, significantly outgrow the market with kind of all of those tactics coming together.
Dion Weisler: And Katy just to reiterate the point that Cathie made to Jim’s question, the rate was slightly down this quarter but we did place sequentially many more units than we ordinarily would. And of course that bring the razorblade business model, generates returns over time, positive NPV units and a good deal for our investors.
Dion Weisler: I think it’s always important to remember, Steve, we’re executing across our entire strategy, which is to cross three pillars of our core business. It generates the vast majority of our revenue and operating profit today. The growth initiatives around A3, our graphics business, everything is a service which will obviously provide growth opportunities for us over the next two to three years and then further out into the future over the next five to ten years, the work we’re doing around the most of computing and 3D printing, really crates an opportunity for long-term growth for our shareholders.
Dion Weisler: Well, let me start sort of long-term, and Cathie might want to weigh in a little more than that. I’d still remind everybody this is still a $333 billion market that one in five machines got an HP logo on it, means four out of five don’t; that represents opportunity for us. I’ve said consistently that the market is consolidating; the top four grew 3.5%. We grew at 2.5-point premium to that. So, certainly, the big is getting bigger and we are growing much faster than the big four. And that’s really off the back of strong innovation to this lineup, I think we have ever had, we are getting incredibly positive reviews consistently. It’s a continuous transformation of the business to more profitable subcategories, finding where the heat is into the market and where we can get value for the innovation that we are creating. And in quarter four, that paid off yet again. We saw topline -- strong topline growth, sequential growth in operating profit. We saw year-over-year share gains. But those share gains, I’ll remind everyone and not an objective but rather an outcome of all of this work. There is no single magic pill that was all categories, all regions. The channel inventory was well under control. We aged inventory was well-managed. I think really kudos to the team both regionally within the business units, the supply chains and the functions. I think we are in a very good position to compete as we go forward in this market.
Dion Weisler: Why don’t I sort of stop, because I know, we’ve got some new investors that have come into the stock and I think it’s important to reiterate and recall why this transaction was important to us, given that we’ve just closed the transaction, and then Cathie can talk specifically to those numbers. First of all, we welcome the Samsung print team to our family. And for our new investors, we bought this business for three primary reasons. Firstly, the A3 market is a $55 billion market and we are underpenetrated in that market relative to the A4 market where we have very strong market leadership. The traditional A3 players operate very complex machines, if you were to break those machines down, they would -- you would see thousands of parts on the ground. The Samsung technology really disrupts those traditional copiers with copier level performance but significantly less complex machine, the thousands of parts, when you were to break a Samsung down would be hundreds of parts. And this lowers the cost to operate and that translates to increased margins for our partners and/or lower cost per page for our customers. So, we have an extremely strong portfolio when you put our technology together with the Samsung technology now, HP technology in both the A4 and A3 spaces in Ink, in PageWide, and in Laser, the second reason is that we integrated it, the A3 and the A4 portfolio which really increases our managed print services capability, there’re certain customers and tenders that would come out, that had a requirement for a mixed deployment of both A3 and A4 and were often excluded from those A4 deals. Now having a very full portfolio, actually opens up A4, new A4 opportunities for us. And the third is, we now have incredible thing, we inherited more than a 1,000 top class engineers, industry-leading R&D team in laser space, includes go-to-market capability more than 6,500 patents being added to our core. And I think this newly combined team is increasingly diverse and industry-leading. And so with that we have a lot of confidence in our ability to attract at least 12 points -- or 12% of A3 market share in the next three years.
Dion Weisler: The other thing to remember Toni on Samsung is that still the largest portion of the composition of the revenue today is A4. You’ll recall that we acquired these assets, so the A3 capability which was still largely in an investment mode. And so, as we move more and more into the A3 market and we shift the business from transactional to contractual, that generally comes with the higher supplies attraction. And so the composition of supplies over time is indeed going to change.
Dion Weisler: Thanks, Shannon. Of course, we were competitors up until that sort of 20 days ago. And so, you can imagine, this is somewhat of a tricky acquisition in terms of exactly how much information that we had leading into the closure. I would say, still very early days. The integration is going incredibly well; the team is incredibly focused on our customers, doing all the right things. But, we’re learning every day as we get under the covers of this business. We would expect that as our team looks at best industry practice that’s got us to the position where we are today that there will indeed be opportunities to capture those synergies. But, I would just say, it’s a little too early, not more than 20 days into the acquisition, to give you a lot of specifics around that.
Dion Weisler: Well, I think you’ve actually summarized it really well. We focus incredibly on cost, it’s table stakes. You have to be in the right cost position. If you’re not on the right cost position, you don’t have the opportunity to make investments. As it relates to investments, we feel good about the investment choices ahead of us. We believe we can create significant shareholder value. As we outlined at the Security Analyst Meeting, we have confidence in our ability to execute and hope that we’ve dropped $1 or $2 in the trust bank over the course of the last couple of years to demonstrate that we can execute. I would say that our investment thesis and process that we follow is that we identify investment opportunities across the business, we weigh them all against one another. We’re very targeted to ensure that the investments that we do make advance our strategy, so that we don’t surprise anyone with the investments that we’re making. We’re very disciplined about establishing and hitting the milestones that we lay out. And ultimately, generating profitable growth is what it’s all about. Growth for just growth sake is not particularly fascinating. I think segment by segment, we’re demonstrating that those investments are good choices, investment systems, broadly in premium and specifically in gaming are great examples of investments that we made that are paying dividends right now. Same is true for graphics and the very targeted unit placements that Cathie talked about, NPV positive units and print. 3D printing has gone from a business that was nonexistent a year ago to a real business today, 65 channel partners around the globe in every single region and ecosystem that we’ve developed, partners in Deloitte and Siemens, more than 50 materials partners that are starting to look at making materials for the platform, plus the technology announcements that we made at the Security and Analyst Meeting around a lower cost color platform and the technology announcements we’ll make around metals in 2018. So, we’re feeling good about our ability to execute in the core, in the growth areas that we outlined, as well as the future.
Dion Weisler: We don’t break it down at a segment level. And I think there are better sources of data to look at how much share we’ve taken in that particular space. And I wouldn’t want to make our analysts redundant. I would just say that this has been a material business for us that’s grown up over the last 18 months from nothing to a sizable portion, not only in terms of revenue but the gross margin that it drives, as well as the halo effect that it has on the overall brand, which I think is lifting our premium segment as well as every other segment that we had within the PC business. This is an incredible franchise; it’s a growing franchise; the airier is growing. And there is more people that are tuning in to these battlegrounds than game 7 of the NBA. So, we like being in this business and we see the growth continuing.
Dion Weisler: I think it’s really worth reiterating why we acquired this asset. It was not to buy revenue. And I’m being pretty clear about that as is Cathie. We don’t chase share for share’s sake. And whilst the revenue is interesting, it’s not fascinating. What’s fascinating for us is the incredible disruptive technology that this team invented to take on a pretty unconsolidated A3 $55 billion copier market with a better mousetrap that enables our partners to earn more money and enables a lower cost per page for our customers with a very different value proposition from a servicing perspective. More than a 1,000 engineers of very rich portfolio of patents. It’s all of those reasons that we’ll pay dividends over time that we’re incredibly interested in and why we acquired this asset and we’re just kind of getting started in this space.
Dion Weisler: So, with that, I want to take the opportunity to thank you all. I have been Americanized and I understand, it is a season of Thanksgiving, and we’re between you and a turkey. So, I want to thank you for following us through the course of our reinvention journey. Our results give us real confidence in the trajectory of our business going forward. We’re leading in our core markets, we’re entering new growth markets and natural adjacencies and at the same time investing in the future. We’ve never been more competitive. We remain humble and focused. We’re proud of the results that we’re delivering and proud that we’ve been very open and transparent and dependable. We think it’s been a great year of reinvention and we’re just getting started. Thanks all. Have a great Thanksgiving.
