Enrique Lores: Of course, thank you, Samik, for the question. Let me take that one. So as you say and as we said in our prepared remarks, we are expecting a stronger second half than first-half of the year, and there are multiple drivers for that. First of all, we expect some recovery in the commercial space. Second, also traditional seasonality consumer is stronger in the second half than in the first half. And then internally, we will see more impact from all of our cost reduction efforts that we will also be having a bigger impact in the second half. If we go for the different segments, especially in the PC space, we also expect to see an impact from the winter reference that as you know, will be happening in the coming quarters, and this will have an impact. And then on the print space, mostly on commercial and industrial, we also expect to see some recovery. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Sure. There are slightly different, Wamsi. On the big tank side, during the last month, we have completed our portfolio. We have now a very complete lineup of products on the low end to products that will also be working on the home office side. And as we have completed that, as we are launching that into the different markets, we are starting to see the impact of the innovation that we brought to market. On the office side, as we highlighted a few quarters ago, we acknowledged that we have some operational work to do to address and to be able to regain some of the share that we have lost. We have been actively working on that. We have started to make progress. We are starting to see that in the progress that we are making quarter-over-quarter. That has been more relevant in some regions like Europe, China, India. But we will continue to work on that because our goal is to continue to regain share in both categories. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: And Toni, I think another clarification. When we look at H1 '24 versus H1 '23, H2 '24 versus H2 '23, EPS will be growing around 7% in the first-half. If you look at the midpoint of our guide, it will be growing 4% in the midpoint of our guide. So we are expecting growth, but the growth will be slightly lower with the projections that we're making today in the second-half. And as we have said before, we've managed the company to grow operating profit dollars. We don't manage it to deliver on the margin guide we provide. We provide it because we know it's important for modeling, but this is not what the way we manage the company internally.
Enrique Lores: So first of all, let me say that we remain extremely excited about the opportunity that AI PCs will bring in terms of both the customer value that they will deliver in terms of security, in terms of latency, in terms of cost and also the impact it will have over time in the company. I think milestones come from two -- three different angles. First of all, we need to deliver the hardware to be able to support these new models, and we are working on that with the key silicon providers to make sure that we have a wide range of products and a very solid portfolio. Second, we need to make sure that the applications support that and we are working with all the keys of our companies again to make sure they understand the new capabilities and that they build them into their applications. And third is training both in terms of our customers, but also in terms of the sales teams, either HP or the resellers that will be selling that. And we are working on all fronts. Our projections continue to be that three years after launch, the penetration of AI PCs will be somewhere between 40% and 60% of the total sales that we will be making. And that growth is going to be gradual. There will be some impact in '24. But since this will be at the end of the year, fiscal year for us, the impact will be modest. If the impact would be bigger in '25 and the impact will be bigger in '26. But really from both an innovation and customer value is going to be very significant for our portfolio.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Erik. And my answer is going to be very similar to the answer I gave you last quarter. So first of all, let me also share that, as we have said many times, looking at quarter-on-quarter comparisons is not a bad way to understand the health of the projections for the Supplies business because each quarter, many things happened that have an impact on the growth comparison quarter-on-quarter. And second, we are not changing the long-term projections for supplies of low to mid-single-digit decline nor the projections that we have for 24, but also, we expect it to be low single low to mid-single digits and no changes in our projections. In terms of what of the performance this quarter, there are as always multiple factors. First of all, we continue to manage our share and to gain share of supplies. This has always a positive impact. Second, pricing, we have made some pricing adjustments that are having positive impact and also at last quarter, we need to acknowledge that the compare is easy because supplies were declining in Q1 '23, so that comparison is also positive. On the other side, again, similar to what we discussed last quarter, we continue to see negative impact from usage and negative impact from the size of the installed base that has been shrinking. And then maybe to close a comment on channel inventory that I know is something of interest, channel inventory for supplies and actually for the rest of the business, stays in a very healthy position. So we are in a good position there. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. So first of all, I think we -- I would like to start by acknowledging that it's not only our projection, but it's really the projection that we see from industry analysts and also from the rest of the key players in the industry and there are multiple factors. I mentioned before the fact that we expect to see more impact from the Windows refresh cycle that is starting, and this will have a bigger impact on the second-half. We also expect to see a positive impact from pricing and mix, given that we expect component cost to increase, but this will also have a positive impact. And then when we look at what we saw this quarter, we have seen more stability on the SMB space. We have seen also more stability in the education space. We started to see growth in Europe on the PC side that has not happened in a long time. So while we continue to see some areas of weakness like China or, for example, the federal business in the U.S. that we saw softness in January. We continue to believe that the overall market will be improving in the second-half. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, thank you, Asiya. So let's see, in terms of peripherals, as you are indicating, they have been impacted by the cautiousness that we have seen on the commercial side. And as the commercial market will recover, we expect them -- they will be recovering as well. And this is why we have continued to invest in innovation in these categories because we think that long term is a great growth opportunity for us, and this is confirmed both by our customers, our clients and also by resellers. In terms of the growth areas we -- several of them started to grow, which was really a very positive sign. We -- and for example, we -- for me, personally the fact that both services businesses, both our Workforce Solutions business, and our Consumer Services business grew in Q1 is a very important sign of recovery, also because of the strategic importance that this business has for the medium and long-term for the company. And I think something I would like to highlight to close is tomorrow, we are going to be launching on the consumer services side, the first subscription where we will be integrating hardware into the plan is something that we shared at our Investor Day. Finally, we will be releasing that tomorrow. And again, it's an important step because you know that one of the key directions we have for the long term is to offer our full portfolio as a subscription. And this will be the first time we are offering for consumers our hardware as well, and you will see us expanding the line over time.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So let me start and maybe Tim will be making additional comments. When we look at Q1 performance quarter-over-quarter, which we think is the best indicator to look at -- to monitor progress. PC prices were flattish, driven by commercial. Commercial prices were up and the mix moved a bit to consumer, when -- which means that from a mix perspective, we saw a positive impact. But at the same time, rates were down, mostly driven by price pressure that we saw in the low end of the portfolio, especially in the consumer side. And we think that this is a consequence of some of the softness that we saw in some of the consumer markets during the last quarter. But going forward, as commodity costs will increase and also as we see price as mix will evolve more towards commercial, we expect to see an overall increase of PC prices.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. So far, the pressure that we are seeing is mostly on the consumer side. And this is very similar to the trend that we explained last quarter where we -- given where the exchange rate between dollar and yen and euro and yes. Clearly, this is giving a strong advantage to some of our competitors in that space, and we are seeing that in the prices that they are going after. And this is why in the consumer side, you have seen us especially on the more traditional categories we have decided not to go after certain deals because these will be unprofitable customers that we are not interested in targeting. On the commercial side, we have seen more stability. There might be some risk of stabilization. We have some of that in our modeling, but all of this is built into the guide that we have provided today.
Enrique Lores: Yes. Thank you. So you said it well. We have started to see some momentum in that part of the business. especially in the labels and packaging side, we have seen some good recovery. And we -- you know that we -- in May '24, there is this big show called [Drupal] (ph), which is like the print -- major printing event and happens every 4 years. We are -- we have prepared a lot of new products and services that we will be launching them. And they usually have a fairly positive impact in the quarters after that. So we are expecting to see that happening in '24. But good recovery and very good expectations for '24 as Drupal as we will be launching a new set of products and solutions there.
Enrique Lores: Perfect. Thank you. So thank you all for joining today. And I'd like to close with 3 messages. First of all, as you saw, Q1 was a solid quarter and a solid way to start the year, where we grew both operating profit and EPS. We remain positive about the outlook that we provided a few quarters, a few months ago about the rest of the year. And as we said, we expect -- continue to expect a stronger second-half than first-half. And we also remain very confident in the long-term, especially driven by the opportunities at both hybrid work and AI are bringing to us as a company and the innovation that we are going to be launching around that. So Again, thank you for joining us today and looking forward to continue to talk in the future. Thank you.
