Enrique Lores: Okay. Thank you Shannon and I will try to answer all your points. So let me start with sustainability of the momentum that we see. And I would say that, we are very optimistic about what we -- what are our expectations for the market for the coming quarters. We think that many of the underlying trends that are driving demand today are going to stay. I think the pandemic has made technology clear necessary for people to work to entertain to live. And this is going to continue to drive very strong demand for PCs and for home printers for the foreseeable future, but especially for PC. We also think that as offices will reopen. We are going to see an increase of demand on the PC space because will have to invest on PCs again to make their employees productive. And we are going to continue to see a shift towards notebooks that also helps on the demand side as the renewal cycles are shorter. We also think that the need to -- the hybrid model of working between office and home opens new opportunities for us on the printing side to offer new services create new services by combining both. So overall again, we see that this is creating an opportunity for us not only to leverage new opportunities, but really to continue to drive change and to continue to gain momentum. If I go now to the second part of your question on PCs, we expect to continue to see very strong demand for PCs in the coming quarters. And this strong demand is what is creating the supplies the component shortages that you were mentioning. We have provided strong guidance today both for the quarter and for the year. And this is based of course on the visibility that we have today for components what we think we are going to be able to hit, if we get more components we could do even better. And then your final question on Print. As you know we launched HP Plus during last quarter the reception has been very positive in terms of both adoption of the end-to-end model and also feedback from customers in terms of the value proposition and feedback from partners. So going I would say, we are optimistic about the results we have seen. And as you know we are going to expand into more countries and more categories during the coming months until we complete the rollout in the middle of 2022. You were also asking about the impact on margins. Let me start there and maybe Marie will complement that. Clearly we see a benefit from the mix moving into India later because as you know we end the full end-to-end system. But this quarter we are also seeing a strong benefit from pricing. Especially on hardware that is really helping to increase the profitability on print.
Enrique Lores: Okay. Thank you, Katie. Let me start with a clarification. When I was talking about PC growth to continue, I was referring to market. As I was saying in answer to Shannon, we expect the market to continue to be very strong both this year and in the long term. And then let me offer a data point. If we look at the projection that we have for PC market in 2021, the one we have now and we compare it to the projection that we have for 2021 before the pandemic started the market is 45% bigger. So this talks about the growth that we have seen in PCs and really the -- why we are so optimistic about this business going forward. And now Marie will talk about the margins for print in Q1.
Enrique Lores: I'm commenting on the projections for the future, Tony. As you know, we are -- we have redesigned the strategy of the company to reduce the dependency on supplies to deliver our goals. This is why the subscription programs HP Plus are so critical. And we are very pleased with the progress that we're making on that front. We shared in the prepared remarks that we reached nine million subscribers on Inc. which means we added one million subscribers this quarter which is the factor and the most we have done in the history of the program. So clearly that is accelerating. And at the same -- as I also shared before, we are really pleased with the response that we have got on HP Plus and we are also making good progress on what we call big ink and big toner for in emerging countries which are a key part of our strategy as well.
Enrique Lores: And before I do that let me emphasize the comment from Marie about the end. We need to continue and we will continue reducing cost and we will continue to invest in areas where we see opportunities for the future. And my answer is not going to surprise anybody because this is the strategy we have been executing during the last years. It's about modernizing our core businesses both personal systems and print. We see opportunities to create value on both, it is about expanding into adjacencies. And yesterday, we shared the acquisition of HyperX that is an example of a very attractive adjacency for us, and we are also investing to create new businesses in industrial graphics in 3D printing, in microfluidics. And we see also the need to invest in improving our digital infrastructure that will help us to create new business model, but as Marie was saying, also to become more efficient leaner and really being able to respond to our customers in a better way. This is the strategy, we have been executing. The results show that it is growing and this is where we are going to be investing going forward.
Enrique Lores: So first of all, let me start on gaming. Gaming is a very attractive opportunity for us both on the hardware side, where we have been growing significantly during the last quarter and where we expect to continue to see growth in the coming years. More and more people are using gaming at their main entertainment and this is driving growth today and will continue to drive growth in the future. When we look about gaming the peripheral opportunity is especially attractive. A gamer spends about 15, 16 more money on accessories than a normal PC user. And when we think about that opportunity the acquisition of Hyperx makes us really excited about the opportunity of really capturing that. Hyperx is the leader in gaming headsets they have a very strong portfolio on microphones mic keyboard. And really the growth – the value proposition of the acquisition is very clear. We are going to accelerate that growth by leveraging our geographical presence and our broader retail presence, as well as we will be taking their portfolio and expanding into new segments like commercial. Soil is all about growth and this is – and this growth is what makes it accretive for us in 2022.
Enrique Lores: Our approach has not changed from what we have been communicating during the last quarter. We continue to believe that our stock is undervalued and we are going to continue to buy aggressively our shares. Marie mentioned that, we are going to be buying at least $1 billion of shares every quarter. And at the same time, we are always looking for opportunities to accelerate our strategies through M&A. We are looking at opportunities in the core businesses in adjacencies, and also to support our new businesses. And the criteria are very simple. Any M&A, we will do – will have to be aligned to the strategies we have explained. I will have to have attractive financial returns at a minimum a better ROI than buying our own stock. And third, we need to have a strong operational plan to execute on the value proposition of the acquisition. These are the criteria we have been applying. This is what we used to decide to acquire Hyperx and this is how we think about M&A.
Enrique Lores: Let me take the question. What you have in the guide is what we think we – based on the current supply that we see available, we can deliver, of course, if there was more supply, we will be able to drive more, but I don't think we will quantify what this number is. But let me tell you is, as I said in the prepared remarks, our backlog is at a record high. So it will be a significant number. But again, we are seeing shortages given how strong the demand is across the board.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So as I said before, the shortages that we are seeing are really driven by the very strong demand that we are getting across the full portfolio. We of course are taking any action we can to mitigate the impact and make sure that we can deliver even more than what we have in the plan. One of the big things that we have decided as Marie mentioned before is to increase the amount of inventory that we have on hand. This will help us not only to increase the delivery of the shipment of products, but also to be able to ship more products in case some components are made available during the quarter.  We are also building direct connection with suppliers that until now will be managed from our ODMs usually suppliers of low-cost components because we have seen that it's important to really establish a direct connection with them and in some cases even buy products directly from them. And this I would say are the two big things that we have already done and that we expect will help us to manage the situation during the coming quarters.
Enrique Lores: I think given how strong our demand is if you are concerned about obsolescence of some of the inventory, I think the risk is extremely low because we really have very strong demand and we expect it to continue during the coming quarters. In terms of cost of components, we are expecting that in some cases cost will be increasing during the coming quarters but all of this is built into our guidance, and built into the comments that Marie made before in terms of operating margin during the coming quarters.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me be very clear Jim. So we had a very strong quarter in absolute terms on PCs, revenue growth, unit growth, profit growth but we didn't on relative terms. And being as competitive as we are, this is not something that we are satisfied about. As I explained before, we are looking at what can we do and what will we do to improve our relative performance. We have already taken some actions to do that by increasing inventory and changing how the connections that we have with certain component providers and this will be helping us to improve our performance going forward. We are really using this as a catalyst to optimize even further our operational capabilities and this is what great company do and what we will continue to do, because again, we like to win and this is what we will continue to do going forward.
Enrique Lores: So having said that, I think we are close to time. So let me use this as an opportunity to wrap up. First of all I want to repeat some of the comments I made during the prepared remarks. We are doing what we said we would do. And our strategy is working. We have had a very strong start of the year and we are confident in the projections that we have for 2021 and beyond. We see growth opportunities in our core markets in the adjacencies and also in the new businesses that we are creating. And we are really leveraging the opportunities that we see to accelerate our strategy, accelerate our growth, which gives us great confidence in the future of the company. So again, thank you for joining us today and looking forward to continue to talk to all of you in the future. Thank you.
Marie Myers: And yes. Thank you for your Shannon. Yes look we expect our print margins to remain strong throughout FY 2021 and we expect our operating dollars to grow an operating profit rate to be at the higher end of the 16% to 18% range for 2021. And in Q2 we'd expect to be above the range as well.
Marie Myers: Actually I was going to move on and just cover your question around channel inventory Katy. So look with respect to that overall channel inventory is below what we believe are healthy appropriate levels for print. And that's really as a result of that strength that we're seeing in consumer. And right now we're also below the range and that's driven by that demand in home. We do expect however some replenishment of stock throughout our partner ecosystem into Q3 and that's going to help to bridge some of that demand from our customers. So overall, we want to make sure that our partner ecosystem is very well positioned to satisfy that demand.
Marie Myers: Right. Hey, Toni, good afternoon. It's a pleasure to meet you. So, look, frankly Toni we've provided actually a very strong guide for the year. And we're investing for our future. In fact, we expect revenue growth in FY 2021 and EPS to be up 38% to 43% and free cash flow growth as well. So, while to your point this is front-end loaded in the first half, the second half EPS growth is actually 23% to 32% of the 111 that we actually delivered last year. And this actually includes earnings growth as well as the benefit of lower shares. So given the current environment as you could imagine we are modeling multiple scenarios for the second half. So look all-in-all, we believe that this is a prudent guide based on what we know today. And clearly, if we can do better we absolutely will.
Marie Myers: And thanks Enrique. So Tony, looking at supplies performance there's sort of really three key dynamics to discuss. First of all, ongoing demand in consumer supplies with work-from-home and learn-from-home and there are ongoing challenges in commercial print as you know. And then secondly there's that favorable pricing environment, which was actually a tailwind. And then thirdly, the year-over-year compares also benefited from that replenishment of stock which was consistent with what we had indicated on the call in Q4. Now if you adjust for the impact of inventory movements, we estimate that supplies revenue was down roughly a 1% year-on-year. As you know, we have a multi-tiered channel. So this is our best estimate based on the data we have including our estimates for product across the channel and end-user stock. So this replenishment should have a short-term benefit to supplies revenue.
Marie Myers: Yes. Good afternoon, Amit. So first of all, look at start-up and saying look, we're really pleased with the results of free cash flow and what we saw in the quarter. Now as we look forward to FY 2021 a bit, we expect free cash flow as I said in my prepared remarks to be at least $4 billion and in that is being driven by the earnings growth in both PS and print. And it is being sort of the headwind that we do have is it will be partially offset by changes in working capital, which we expect to -- from higher expected inventory and AR. And that's being driven obviously by the environment that we're in with PS.
Marie Myers: No. Thanks, Amit. Look, frankly, I believe that great companies like HP focus on the end. We have to do both. We have to reduce costs and we have to make the right investments for the future. So I can tell you as the CFO, I'm going to be relentless about going after inefficiency and making sure we're driving value from our investments. I think my role is the Chief Transformation Officer really teed me up nicely for that outlook. Now with respect to investments, I'm going to turn it over to Enrique to add some color there.
Marie Myers: Yeah. Shankar thanks for the kind words. So look fundamentally, it's just all about demand frankly outpacing supply and really creating that favorable environment. So it's basically just the laws of supply and demand which helped us with better pricing in the quarter. So regardless of whether you're sort of talking year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter that improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by favorable pricing which showed up as fewer promotions and as cost improvements.
Marie Myers: Sure, no thanks for your question. And so look the Print rate really benefited from improved gross margins, particularly in home hardware and that was driven by that favorable pricing that I mentioned earlier. And it was particularly in the consumer side. And some of those -- and then we had reductions from COVID-related supply chain costs that we had in Q4 and then that was partially offset by higher consumer mix and lower supplies mix. So that and all is what contributed to the rate. And overall we're seeing the strength and resiliency of our broad Print portfolio and leadership across customer segments and that's really positioned us very well against our competition.
Marie Myers: And just a follow-up on Enrique's comment. As a result then we would expect from an overall basket of commodity pricing perspective for those prices to be higher than what we've seen in Q1 going forward as well.
