Ken Kannappan: So, other than that, let me just say that honestly that we -- the only other real effect on this March quarter which I mentioned which does effect the growth rate that Pam outlined is that the quarter is a little bit shifted, so that results in somewhat weaker days this quarter than a year ago. I would say that in general what we have seen so far is that the pattern of demand is following our normal seasonal pattern of demand. It is still early in the quarter, so forecasts are never known for certain but that's what we believe we’ve seen.  I would say that there are going to be winners and losers in the economic environment as there always are. Certainly, we have already seen some impact from what I would call -- oil economies and/or oil companies where particularly contract drilling and other firms that have got a sharper impact from it, but at the same time, there are going to be beneficiaries from the changed environment, so as it relates to the dollar itself, we are generally selling in most major markets in local currency, so the effect for us is not that people are necessarily buying less as a result of the currency becoming cheaper to the dollar, the effect for us is one of -- we realized slightly lower revenue and much sharper to lower profits. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes, Dave both consumer and enterprise gets affected equally by the currency headwinds we are facing. There is not a greater effect in either of the product lines in those categories. 
Ken Kannappan: But let me make one comment, the balance sheet losses are kind of a one-time phenomenon as you go down. Once you are at a steady level, then you wouldn’t incur any balance sheet losses. 
Ken Kannappan: We have assumed a balance sheet loss there as well as the -- from the start of our quarter by the time we did the forecast, the currencies had depreciated further.
Ken Kannappan: So, let me explain that one actually, there was a single product only, and to be precise it was our BackBeat FIT, for which we had a component limitation and long and short that the forecast significantly exceeded the capacity of one of our suppliers, and they were simply not in a position to raise their production in any reasonable timeframe, and it was not effective to redesign the product which was heavily dependent upon the unique performance of that component. And that situation has persisted and continues to persist. There are no real limitations we have on any of our other products other than normal kind of startup effects that involve new products as we are ramping them up. So that’s a one-off unique to that particular product. It remains capacity constrained, and we have not been able to release it to all channels that were interested in that product. Ultimately, that will get fixed in the future, but that is a continuing item which we knew would be long standing.
Ken Kannappan: So let me go ahead with that, yes, this is the last quarter of the offsetting gains from that item. We don’t really have any visibility. We have to assume that this will continue unless the other party decides that it’s not productive for them to pursue it or it finally reaches a summary judgment or other trial conclusion.
Ken Kannappan: Okay, there is a couple of things going on, the first one is again this particular quarter, the March quarter does have a slight timing negative which accounts for a portion but not the entire amount of that. The second one is that at least in my mind the negative impacts are falling quicker than the positive ones as the economy shifts a little bit. So we have in fact had a number of customers that have had to cancel plans that were severely affected by the economic issues and again I refer to particularly the oil related industries. And so I think that’s another thing that has affected it. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes, I think we are getting a tremendously positive reception. Now these products tend to ramp more slowly than you see in other parts of our business as in general people take some time to test them, to assure themselves of the durability and longevity as they’re used in both contact centers and other intensive applications where people are very, very, very job dependent upon the item. I think also in this case there are going to be some integrations which will take a little bit of time to be completed with partners. So we expect a long ramp as we often see in this space but again the initial responses is extremely positive. 
Ken Kannappan: So one of the things that we’ve learned in the area of contractual intelligence is that it’s about the ecosystem not just about what we launched. So this gives an opportunity for developers to put together applications that are based upon this technology to create solutions so that the market is more fully developed at the time that we’re looking at launching final products. So the timing is not strictly defined at the time that we do these concepts. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes, that’s part of it. I mean it’s not the entire extent of it but again I would say that the other thing that happens to us is that we also just simply have timing issues as to when we expect business to occur. 
Ken Kannappan: Well, this is how we spend sort of a murky area because we can sell the same products to the same distributors, to the same resellers that can go to the same company, that can be used on different floors of the same building for contact centers and other people. And so it has always been a very, very tricky thing to measure since it is really not a separate market, it is really two different parts of the single market. But I would say that we think it is probably around 25% to 30% of our total enterprise revenues going into that space.
Ken Kannappan: Yeah, I think that acquisitions are always possible and there are two types, there are those that are opportunistic and those that are essential. Something essential is we are looking at our growth strategy where we need to go. We don’t have the tools to get there. We need to get something else and it makes more sense to buy it than it does to partner with a key partner to get there. Ordinarily we tend to partner. It is a technology that's a broader applicability than just our space. They can use it in other spaces. We can use it in this space and work with that company. And that's what we do most of the time where we don’t have the resource internally. But if there were something essential that came along we would absolutely look to strategically buy it if we could. On the opportunistic side, you never know where there is something that may pop up that makes financial and strategic sense and suddenly becomes available. We are not aware of anything that fits all those bills but it is always possible. 
Pamela Strayer: Sure, I will start with the OCC business. It really does assume a relatively flat year-over-year growth rate. We are forecasting UC revenues to be in the high teens in our growth rate year-over-year. On the consumer side, I don’t have those right in front of me…
Pamela Strayer: Yeah, so we do hedge one year out. The constant currency numbers that I disclosed take a look at what we expect to be the FX currency impact in our revenue offset by our current hedges that we have outstanding, so the hedging gains are both considered in that. So, what’s the next FX impact for revenues. If we had -- one of the challenges as I said earlier as we don’t hedge 100% so we are still going to have some exposure there. 
Pamela Strayer: Just to give you some perspective on that. I mean, the Euro has declined about 8% since the end of December and about 11% since the end of September. 
Pamela Strayer: So I did say 53.5%, that’s what’s baked into our forecast right now. It’s kind of unknown and difficult to quantify what the pricing impact might be in Q4. So yes, I mean there might be some pressure that we experience there. I want to remind you that we do have hedges on our peso which protect some of our cost of goods sold and margins. 
