Dion Weisler: Thanks, Katy, and thanks for the question. Specifically, we grew share 2 points in the quarter to 9.1% in calendar Quarter 2., and we remain excited about our future opportunities. While I'm pleased with that performance and I'm encouraged by our progress that our team is making around our A3 business, we don't expect that kind of growth each quarter. We're -- as I'd like to always remind everybody, we're building a business for the long term. We're playing our own game. Our focus, as in all our areas of our business, is on profitable gains over time. We remain on track to achieve the 12% market share by the end of calendar 2020, and that guidance remains intact. As it relates to Apogee, our goal of 12% worldwide market share by the end of calendar 2020 is not materially impacted by this acquisition given its size relative to the worldwide total available market of A3. That being said, the Apogee transaction is all about giving access to new profit pools by expanding our ability to deliver value-added services and the acceleration of the deployment of our -- of what we assure is superior technology into the growing contractual spaces, especially amongst SMBs. 
Dion Weisler: Thanks, Shannon. Indeed, we're seeing increased demand from customers in their quest to move from a transactional relationship to a much deeper contractual relationship. And of course, the acquisition of the Samsung S-Print business was designed to give us access to a complete range of A3 products, which largely play in that they're almost exclusively contractual in nature. And that provides us an opportunity to tap into the $55 billion A3 market, which is, again, largely contractual. What, I guess, I'm alluding to in my prepared remarks is it's not just A3 that is contractual. It's also A4 that's moving into contractual, and a customer often has a mix of both A3 and A4. So largely, we're starting to think about the business and our customers through the lens of transactional and contractual. The Apogee acquisition was obviously designed, and the strategic rationale was to tap into this growing trend towards contractual. For those of you who are not familiar with Apogee, they are the largest independent print and document service provider in Europe. And they've got a really proven track record, as Steve alluded to, for growth and a deep set of capabilities in the contractual space. So with Apogee, we're going to gain access to new profit pools by expanding our ability to deliver value-added services and accelerate the deployment of our technology into this growing contractual office printing market, especially amongst SMBs. And it really augments the 3 existing go-to-market motions that we have, the direct motion, the traditional IT channels motion that we've had for the longest time. And now with us getting into A3s, we're more and more working with these office equipment dealers or OEDs. And we were underrepresented in OEDs, and Apogee is squarely in the space. And they enhance our ability to deliver the solutions and services necessary to win in this market. 
Dion Weisler: I think that was really well articulated, Steve. The only add I would make is that when I refer to us playing our own game, this is exactly what I was talking about. It's about us executing against our strategy that has the 3 pillars of core, growth and future, some of that, which is still in investment mode. So I believe, consistently, our performance demonstrates our ability to drive improved operating profit dollars year-over-year whilst also investing for the long term. And that's something that I've committed to since we separated almost 3 years ago. 
Dion Weisler: And I think specifically as it relates to Personal Systems, we've said that we believe the business over the long term is in the range of 3% to 5%. We delivered 3.9% this quarter. Over the long term, we expect that services is a more margin-rich opportunity for us. So in addition to the mixing up that we have been doing, services will enable that window above the 4% that we traditionally had to now the 3% to 5%. 
Dion Weisler: I think the only other comment, Steve, would be our increased focus as a business on Everything as a Service. And as we drive that strategy, it's roughly half the market, roughly half of the $334 billion TAM. That's a new opportunity for us as an organization where we're under-indexed. It's certainly a market trend. Our customers are looking to have that kind of contractual relationship with us. And I think that also drives growth in the future. 
Dion Weisler: Yes. Look, I think we've certainly been engaging that customer base, which is why we're outperforming the market. We outperformed the market again by 5.4 points this quarter. That resulted in us growing our revenue 12% on top of last year's 12% growth. So it wasn't against the -- an easy compare because we continue to play our own game of profitable growth of segmenting the market, of finding areas of growth that our engineering team and our people believe that we can engineer experiences that amaze them and encourage them to buy our products. And that's why we have had continuous share gain for the past 18 consecutive quarters we've outgrown the market. We broadly agree with the analysts that still predict the overall market will decline slightly in units in traditional PCs with relatively flattish revenue. Would suggest that ASPs will go up slightly. And in our business, we are taking change and turning it to opportunity. We have a consistent track record of doing that, whether that's a tougher currency environment or trade situations or other fluctuating market forces. What we are also obviously cognizant of is a Windows 7 sunset that will happen and the migration of customers to Windows 10. We think that's a little less spiky than it has been in the past. And the glide slope is a little smoother up and to the right because companies much like ours that have already fully deployed on Windows 10 have deployed Windows 10 earlier in the transition cycle than they have in previous cycles. So we think that's a positive stimulus in the market. So with all of that, we're poised to continue to gain profitable shares and move forward. 
Dion Weisler: Well, I don't think it has had a material impact on our business to date. We, like all companies, are monitoring the evolving market dynamics and the situation very closely. I can tell you that we don't speculate or comment on the situation until we know all the facts and things become more definitive. We continue to assess the actions that are announced and we go to work on making the best outcomes for our customers and our shareholders. And we work with the U.S. administration, make sure they understand our point of view on suggested changes. But our supply chain team and our go-to-market team and all areas of our business, including our board ecosystem of suppliers, customers and partners, work together to take any change and turn it to opportunity. And just we'll monitor the situation and evolve it as necessary. 
Dion Weisler: And I think what you should expect from us is that we will continue to focus on executing against our strategy, both in our core as well as our growth initiatives in this area, which take time to fully play out into the P&L as Steve's alluded to throughout the call. We'll be relentless in our focus on optimizing all levers we have to impact Supplies with the right balance to ensure predictive value over the long term. I, like Steve, also have a lot of confidence in the predictive value of our 4-box model, which is the basis for what we guided for the rest of FY '18 and '19. 
Dion Weisler: So with that, I'd like to thank you all for taking the time to join us today. I'm really pleased with our Q3 performance. This quarter's another example of how we're delivering against our results by combining innovation with operational excellence. That said, we're never satisfied. Profitable growth will continue to be our priority as we move forward. Our strategy is working. The team is incredibly focused. And our commitment to our customers, partners, employees and investors has never been stronger. So overall, I think we're in a very strong position with our business and our reinvention journey remains confident in our strategy and our ability to grow. With that, I look forward to seeing you all at our Security Analyst Meeting on October 3 at the New York Stock Exchange in New York City. Thank you all. 
Steven Fieler: In my prior role as Treasurer to be part of the -- leading the initial negotiation with Apogee, it really is about services capabilities. They've got a great leadership team and winning in their market. We definitely took a disciplined approach for that particular deal as we would for any other deal in that space and believe we've got a great opportunity to create shareholder value. In my prepared remarks, I talked about the $0.01 accretion, but we also like the margin profile. There have been double-digit EBITDA margins for some time, and they play in a fast kind of growing part of the contractual TAM. So we think we've got the opportunity to generate synergies over time with this deal. They've been very successful both organically and inorganically and really give us the opportunity to place more units over time as well as to leverage the platform [ they ] build for Device as a Service and other services capabilities we're building internally. 
Steven Fieler: Our inventory was up $500 million quarter-to-quarter, up 2 days. We feel comfortable what we're doing in inventory. We are leveraging our balance sheet. We're seeing higher sea and in-transit shipments. And it's generally in support of the growth in our Personal Systems business and to a less extent, in Print. 
Steven Fieler: Sure. Thanks, Shannon. I think at the simplest level, we do expect that our free cash flow will grow in line with earnings over time. And so when I do reflect upon our performance year-to-date at $3.3 billion, we are growing free cash flow ahead of earnings. And that is on the strength of our Personal Systems volume and the negative cash conversion cycle that it drives. In Q3 specifically, which helped the year-to-date performance, we did have an improvement in our cash conversion cycle to minus 34 days, and so that was a benefit to our cash flow. When I think about the full year, similar to last year, we would expect that our cash conversion cycle would align more closely to what we described at SAM, which was a minus 29 to minus 30 days. And that's why the at least $3.7 billion, we think, is a prudent guide. But to sort of get to the meat of the question, when you're thinking about our cash flow, I would think about it very consistent to our earnings and earnings growth over time. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I'll take that one, Toni. So I would say our results and performance are really in line with the strategy and in essence, what we said we would do. We are delivering today and building for the future across our core growth and future categories. We are driving incremental operating profit dollars and earnings per share up $0.09 year-over-year. To specifically address your question, when I look at the year-over-year performance, our Personal Systems business did add about $1 billion of revenue and they did have op margin expansion year-over-year. So I really think the gist of it is around the Print business. Our Print business did add about $0.5 billion of revenue and did grow operating profit dollars as well year-over-year, but it did come out a lower rate. Last year, we had 17.3% op margin. This year is 16% op margin. Really, the primary driver, and this is similar to the prior couple quarters, was the addition of S-Print. At the beginning of the year, we outlined that we had expected S-Print added on top of existing business to add another $1.4 billion and to be $0.01 accretive for the year. The simple math on that is  a 1% op margin, albeit back-end loaded. That's really the primary driver of why we didn't see as much drop and had a lower margin. We also do continue to invest in our growth in future categories, A3 and 3D Printing specifically. We see opportunities to disrupt the big markets there. We did place more units as you said, and our Supplies mix is down year-over-year. To a lesser extent, we saw some incremental raw material costs on the Print side. But the net of it is, is when you add it all up, I think we're operating closer to 16% range and driving incremental operating profit dollars year-over-year. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So our capital allocation strategy is in support of our business strategy. It does give us ability to invest in our business to drive long-term returns across the core, growth and future. It does give us the ability to support our shift to contractual to maintain investment-grade credit rating for our customers and also the flexibility to accelerate our strategy when we have opportunities to do so. And I think the Apogee transaction that we referred to earlier is a good example. So we think we've got a capital allocation strategy that is working. As you point out, we have returned roughly 80% year-to-date, and we were active in buying back shares. We saw an attractive opportunity to do so, and so we took advantage of it. As it relates to dividends themselves, our board does consider a dividend policy periodically. If we have any updated changes, we'll certainly communicate that to you. 
Steven Fieler: Well, we look at the overall basket of commodities, you mentioned a couple, but the overall basket of commodities and logistics cost. Our perspective is that sequentially from Q3 to Q4 it is stable, so it is, in essence, a neutral impact. We are also though seeing much more currency volatility and specifically more recently, the dollar strengthening. So as we think about the drop rate or op margin in the Personal Systems business and the impact on pricing, we have to think holistically about all the various factors and market dynamics from commodities to FX, and that certainly will be factored into how we show up in Q4. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I think in many of the examples you described, certainly Device as a Service as an example, it isn't material to our overall results today, but it is material to our long-term strategy. And I think as these businesses continue to evolve and continue to grow and accelerate, we will be able to provide more visibility and metrics in the future. But right now I think the metrics we're sharing around our core business are more material, but I think we can evolve that over time. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. And so to follow up on to the remarks earlier in the strategy we are driving in Print. It includes integrating S-Print, placing units, investing in the growth in future, but also driving productivity. And when I look at our rate now it is more driven by the addition of S-Print than any of those other factors. That's why I'd expect in the short to midterm to be closer to the bottom end of our long-term range around 16% because it is the strategy we're executing. We're driving operating profit dollar expansion. You've seen OP dollar improvement in Print for the past 4 quarters. And yes, we are investing in our growth categories, and we do think there's a long-term opportunity there. But you first have to build your installed base, place those units, and you're going to get the supplies attached later on. 
Steven Fieler: In the years ahead. Just like we have built the rest of our business in Print, it takes time to build your installed base and have supplies attached. And so when we look out to the -- certainly the years ahead, we do expect that we continue to drop the OP dollars but also get the margin expansion from a rate perspective. 
Steven Fieler: Okay, great. Maybe I'll comment, first, Dion, just on that ASP environment. So Sherri, in Q3, let me use that as sort of an example, which can set up sort of a comment on the prospectively. But in Q3, we did see, once again, positive ASPs. That was driven -- like other quarters, really bifurcated between 2 factors, the first of which is we continue to drive a better product mix. I'd say that's roughly 1/3 of the benefit we saw in the quarter, and the remaining 2/3 was just overall pricing. And again, that sort of takes in the multiple factors from rising component logistics cost, which lends to increase in pricing but also takes into account what's happening to FX and overall competitive environment. And so looking forward, certainly an important part of our strategy is to drive and continue to drive product mix. In many of those categories, we are under indexed today, so we do feel like we've got opportunity. That being said, as commodities begin to stabilize here, that is less of a year-over-year tailwind on ASPs. But I think most importantly, we're going to focus on continuing to great -- develop great products to the market, and that's really what's going to drive, as much as anything, the improvement on the revenue side. I don't know if, Dion, you have any other comments you'd make on the PC. 
Steven Fieler: I was not trying to imply that we would go below our 16% to 18% range. I was just trying to suggest that in the near to midterm, we'd be closer to the bottom end of that range. And so I think that reflects both Q4. I'm not going to comment any more specifically on the outlook. We have SAM coming up where we can kind of give the details about '19 and beyond. But for Q4, we would expect to still stay within our range. 
Steven Fieler: Just to be clear, our guidance does include the impact of tariffs in place, which, as Dion said, are not material to us. We have not included any potential impact from new tariffs being contemplated. 
Steven Fieler: So we have been pretty predictive with what we call the 4-box model. And at the beginning of this year, Cathie outlined that we had expected from Q2 to Q4 that our Supplies would grow between 5% to 7% in constant currency, and that's actually exactly what we've been delivering. Within that 5% to 7% growth, that does incorporate legacy S-Print as well as HP Supplies. Given the fact that these businesses are integrated, our sales teams are selling SKUs and making trade-offs in the field, we do not have the ability to accurately break out what's inorganic versus organic, and that's why we put them together in our outlook. So we think forward to FY '19, we do have some headwinds. We do have some tailwinds, but we reflect on the 4-box model and what it's predicting. We have confidence that we will be flat to slightly up next year. 
