Pamela Strayer: Yes. So, if you take a look at the midpoint of our guidance, our enterprise and consumer categories would be roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. By region, Europe has a small seasonal decline that they always do in enterprise due to the summer holidays, but it’s offset by increases in Americas and Asia Pac.
Pamela Strayer: Yes. So, Dave the current domestic cash in investment balance is $196 million. So yes, right around $200 million, and we will not be drawing down on the line of credit or draw additional debt in order to buy share repurchases. But we will continue on our approach of returning 60% to shareholders over the long-term.
Pamela Strayer: Well I think the December quarter is still going to have some hedge gains, but also some significant currency headwinds. I think it will probably be Q4, our March quarter before that starts to even out a little bit if you recall how currency movement happened last year and all of our hedging instruments where we were entering into hedges for a 12 month period. So I would say it’s probably March before it evens out. Having said that, I think because most of our cogs are in U.S. dollar, even if currencies flatten out a little bit we’ll still have a little bit of gross margin pressure.
Pamela Strayer: Yes. So year-over-year it was primarily consumer. It was actually a small increase in revenues in the enterprise business that offset that.
Pamela Strayer: Yes. So over time we have been working to improve the profitability of our whole consumer line and since our stereo products are more recent products sets, it also has more innovation and that the margins due tend to be higher.
Pamela Strayer: So Yi-Dan, we don’t disclose the mix between mono and stereo. We don’t get into that level of detail, but clearly mono is a larger part of our consumer business right now, and when expect those to cross is difficult to say, the combination between growth opportunities in stereo and the mono market itself declining. I’m not sure I can help you with that.
Ken Kannappan: Okay. Well you covered a lot of areas. Let me say that the general tone of business in my mind has actually been more positive than we’re experiencing in my own mind in terms of our results. What I’ve continued to hear is a fairly optimistic tone on the part of most customers in terms of their interest in UC and their plans to deploy that. Clearly, this was not enough to compensate for FX conditions for some weaker economic conditions that we’ve seen around the world as well as perhaps this transition on the UC platform. Nonetheless, if you talk to the customers that we talked to over the past quarter and at the most recent WPC conference, many of the key channel partners, the tone was very, very upbeat and people continue to be pretty optimistic that, that things are moving forward. So we feel pretty good about that. I think that from the standpoint of the consumer market, actually demand for stereo continues to be pretty good. The challenge that we’ve had clearly there has been on the Mono Bluetooth side, where particularly in the U.S., the market declined pretty significantly. And again with that we also had this reduction of channel inventories which if it stops sliding is a one-time item. I don’t know that that is going to reverse. We do hope that the pace is going to slowdown, but I don’t expect that to reverse because that’s just a fundamental use case with fewer and fewer people wishing to have both a voice accessory and a consumption accessory for stereo for their mobile device which is increasingly a texting, entertainment, et cetera device more so than it is a mobile phone. So, if I take all that together, again we still come back feeling very, very good about the 10% growth outlook for the company as a whole strategically. If I talk to your regional point, I would say that within the U.S. to your point again there is a very good tone I think about, with the SME business. I think the oil patch has been hit. I think that the large companies that have got greater foreign currency issues have also been concerned about those impacts. Europe has again benefited some from FX although they have less robust domestic conditions. We had a pretty good quarter in Europe. Certainly, in terms of Asia, we’ve seen stronger performance in India than we did in China, although China was not terrible, it was certainly weaker than it had been.
Ken Kannappan: Well, first Stereo Bluetooth was not down. But just to answer your question, I mean I think that, we have a much smaller position in the Stereo Bluetooth market. We have a very large and significant market share in the mono category. So there’s no getting out of the way of category decreases for us, and given our relatively larger size in the mono category that the two are not offsetting. So at the end of the day we are going to be hit by that. We did launch another new product in the stereo are, the BackBeat SENSE that uses a lot of the same technologies that we have in the voyage of focus. We’re continuing to get a pretty good response from the very unique BackBeat Fit will be of component allocation on that in the September timeframe. So we continue to see good growth opportunities there. But again, when we have a really large decrease as we had in the mono category its going to hit us.
Ken Kannappan: I think we could see a little bit of a mute, and the reason is because even though I think it may follow the kind of the same seasonal trend, the secular trend is declining and I think that will create some muting. The second issue is, I think that there is will be a significant focus on the part of retailers, in the part of advertising around the stereo category around fitness and so forth that I think its going to probably be a negative for the communications category.
Ken Kannappan: Yes, we think that there is some momentum picked up a little bit in the market, and I think that part of that is that the market is migrated past the large enterprise to include the SME, where there is just hope of faster cycle to begin with. And then I think the second thing is to your point, it’s a new product. People take a little bit of time to get familiar with it, to evaluate it, to make decisions. I think on the part of the Microsoft sales organization also there is a kind of a new fiscal year in July. And so I think all these things combine towards creating a little bit of a pause in the market and then an opportunity for some restoration.
Ken Kannappan: Well just to be clear, we’re just going to be shipping it within the next week or so. So it’s not actually shipping yet, but referring to the Focus. But I think its going to be a very, very important product, because its -- and it’s really an innovative product that is solving a problem that people have not really had a solution for. So in that context it’s going to be new. It may take a little bit more education. It may take a little bit more explanation for people to get familiar with it, get familiar with its potential. But I will tell you that the people who experienced it and reacted to it, the enthusiasm for it was absolutely overwhelming. I mean we’ve just had a tremendously positive response to that offering.
Ken Kannappan: Yes, let me add one point of clarification, if I can, Yi-Dan, so on the one hand, we did better than the market as -- and the only data you understand that we get is sell off data from these third party firms. So when we compare our sell off data to these other third party firms we gain share. But our revenues actually decline to more than the category because our revenues are a measure to sell on, and the categories inventories also declined. So we actually dropped more than 20% in terms of our U.S. sell on revenues in the Bluetooth category.
Ken Kannappan: Yes, I’m sorry. Just to be clear on that, so the category did not decline. We declined a little bit and maybe I was confused -- confusing in how I answered the question.
Ken Kannappan: Yes, very fair question. I mean a couple of things. First, the hottest product we have was on allocation. So that was the BackBeat Fit. That obviously doesn’t help you grow with the market. We had in the case of this new product, the Focus it was not yet launched at that point in time. And we had a couple of products that were a little older up against some pretty effective marketing. So we did loose a little share on the stereo side.
Ken Kannappan: So this is really impossible to assess in terms of size or predict in terms of speed. First of all, as I said that the nature of the market has shifted some from enterprise down to SMEs, so that the cycles are different. Earlier on, the market was less mature. Now this is a much more proven category, so you have a lot more people potentially interested in moving forward on it. It is really, really hard to predict in advance the deployment cycle that people are going to take. And we’ve found this over and over and over again where plants specifically communicated to us were not followed. And so, one thing we know that they won't be followed but on the other hand it’s really hard to predict exactly what it will be.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. Well the SME business, I mean we’ve seen a lot of that happen within a, lets just call it -- I mean it depends where you measure the beginning of the sales cycle. But I would say, lets just call it three to six month total sales cycle.
Ken Kannappan: Well we’re still getting more of our business from the large enterprise, but the SMEs is beginning to increase.
Ken Kannappan: Well we’ve already, I mean put it this way. This quarter we had virtually no revenue in terms of our shipments to Radio Shack. The same I think was really true last quarter. So it’s really the comparison to the year-over-year periods and within a couple of quarters that year-over-year effect will be done.
Ken Kannappan: So, first of all I think that the, from the standpoint of the demographic shift, I think that the primary impact is the -- the primary impact is the switch from people who were buying communications, not buying communications products. They’re either buying it because they’re continuing to use their old communications product so they’ve been continuing to use the legend for quite some period of time and then you get a new demographic into the market who are buying stereo products for consumption for the firs time and I think those are the two primary shift. We don’t see a lot of core business oriented communicators stop and use that. Now I do think there’s been some decrease due to the influx of cars with built in communications into them that has also reduced the market a little bit.
