Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you for the question. So as we have said before, our goal for the next year is to reduce our structural cost by $1.4 billion and to achieve 40% of those in fiscal year '23. And as Marie said in the prepared remarks, we are on track to deliver on those. And you can see the impact of those in the rates of both businesses, Personal Systems and Print, is probably the best way to see the impact of what we are seeing. I think some of the headwinds, on the second part of your question about the headwinds, we think that most of the headwinds are temporary and that is more a delay on some of the progress that we were starting to see from a pricing perspective, for example. But nevertheless, we -- as we always do, we are going to be looking at accelerating some of the savings that we had in the plan to compensate for them on the short term. In terms of our outlook for fiscal year '24, sorry, I will finish, we have our Investor Day about five weeks from now, and this is when we will be sharing our plans for '24 and kind of the overall view that we have for the company.
Enrique Lores: Hi, Shannon. Thank you. So no big changes in our thinking. As we have shared, this quarter, we continued to see growth in the number of enrollees, also in the revenue that we get from our subscription program. We have also continued the expansion of our paper program. As we shared a quarter ago, we wanted to expand internationally, and this is what we have done. We are now present in several countries in Europe, and the adoption continues to grow. In terms of churn, no big changes in what we have seen during the last quarter. And then our plan continues to be, as you were outlining, to integrate more and more parts of our portfolio. In the coming months, we will start having the first PC and Print subscription, and we will continue the expansion after that. And important to highlight is going to become, over time, a more important part of our business, mostly because it allows us to deliver a better value proposition to our customers. This is really why not only because of the financial but also because of the return and the NPS is a critical part of our strategy going forward.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you. So a couple of comments. First of all, of course, some of the macro trends that we have seen in the industry and some of the Poly competitors have shared those details. The Poly business has been impacted in the short term by a reduction in the term of some of the major markets. At the same time, the reaction from our partners, customers, as I have shared in the past, has been extremely positive. And as you are saying, there is a lot of opportunity to innovate in that space and to deliver a much better value proposition and a much better experience. We all know how painful some of the video conferences are when you have people in the room, people outside. And we just launched a solution using AI, I'm sorry to use the AI term, where with AI, we can manage or produce almost the video conference, the who will be talking frame, the different people in the room, and we are seeing really much better experience for both people in the room and people outside the room. And when we will have both Innovation Day and our Investor Day, you will be able to see some of these solutions and see the value that they bring.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. Good question, Toni. So as we -- what we have seen in printing is that especially on the home side, we have seen a significant decline of units and it's in the range of 20%. And this clearly will put more pressure on the Print business going forward. It's not a short-term impact. It's really more a medium and long-term impact. And even if in many cases, the units we have lost are low-end units which have relatively low value, clearly, there is going to be more pressure there. And this is why we mentioned that we are going to be accelerating some of the cost reduction activities that we had in the plan, especially focused on home, on consumer, which is where we are seeing this pressure and things like acceleration of the simplification of the portfolio, acceleration of the business model transformation, growing more in what we call [bigging and big donor] (ph) are all the different combinations where we are accelerating our plans. And again, we will discuss this more in detail in a few weeks.
Enrique Lores: Not much to add, Marie. You covered it well. Maybe the last comment is, as we have mentioned before, we don't manage the businesses for the rates. We manage them for operating profit dollars. And this is really what we care the most. We provide ranges because we know it's important for all of you to be able to model, but our goal is to grow operating profit dollars for the company.
Enrique Lores: So let me maybe add two final things. First of all is even if our expectation is that most of these changes are really temporary, we are not standing still, and this is why we mentioned that we are going to be accelerating some of the Future Ready cost reductions to compensate for this. And then to close, I think it's also important to remember that despite of this change, we expect the performance of the company to improve once more sequentially Q4 to Q3, like we have done Q3 to Q2 and as we did Q2 to Q1. I think that's important to have in mind.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So we don't think there is going to be much impact of a potential ban in India in the short term. And in the long term, we had already been working for a while to increase our manufacturing capacity in India. You know in parallel to the ban, they launched also the local production plant, the PLI 2.0 plan. We have applied to participate on that, and we are working with them to ramp our manufacturing capacity there. India is not a huge market but is a very important market for us, where we see a lot of long-term potential, and this is why we are reacting to that. And in fact, maybe just to close, only this week, we announced with Jio the launch of the first cloud PC that we have been working with them for a while, which we think is going to -- is a new category of PCs that are going to help us to really accelerate our growth in that country.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Lots of questions in the question. I'll try to cover everything. Now in terms of channel inventory, we are really pleased with the progress we have made normalizing our inventory. We are almost there, and I say almost because the area where we still have channel inventory is actually what you mentioned about Chromebooks. As you know, Google is going to be increasing the royalty prices in the coming weeks. And therefore, we saw at the very end of the quarter some increased orders and pull-up demand of customers and partners that wanted to take advantage of lower prices. So we ship those, and this is the area where we still have some high inventory. But for the rest, we are now in a good position. In terms of TAM, we have reduced slightly the TAM for fiscal year ’24 -- for 2023. Most of the reduction is coming from the new TAM in China that is really as the market has not grown as much as we were expecting, this has created some impact on the overall TAM. And then we have seen also a slight change between the mix of Consumer and Commercial where Consumer has been performing better and especially because of more sluggish demand on the enterprise side, we have seen the Commercial projection reducing. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: So let me start there. So yes, our current assumption is that price -- ASP for PCs will grow Q3 to Q4, but the growth will be more moderate than we were expecting a quarter ago. And again, the major driver of this is the fact that at the market level, we continue to see -- or our estimate is that channel inventory is higher than what it should be. And therefore, we are going to continue to see pressure from a promotional perspective. There is also an element of mix. Hence, I also mentioned that Consumer in Q3 and we expect in Q4 perform better than expected, and we -- the reverse happen on the Commercial side. And as you know, usually, ASPs for Commercial are better than ASPs for Consumer. Now what I think is important to highlight is our PC business grew from Q3 to Q2. We expect it to grow also from Q4 to Q3. So the recovery of the business is happening.
Enrique Lores: Yes. I think two comments. First is our strategy remains the same, so no change, and I think that's important for investors to know. At the same time, the way you asked the question, I think, is the right way to ask it. We are not managing our leverage ratio for one quarter. We need to manage it for the long term. And therefore, we think it's important to restart in a prudent way. We are going to restart by compensating quarterly dilution and this is how we are going to start. And we will solidify our plans for '24 and beyond once we -- and we have conviction that we will be able to maintain the leverage ratio below 2 times, we will accelerate our plans. But we're going to restart prudently, which we think, given the environment where we are, is the right thing to do.
Enrique Lores: Maybe add one. One additional comment. I think if we think about supplies, there are multiple drivers of supplies performance. Once clearly the number of units that is being installed, which as I told, I think it was Toni before, this is going to create some pressure as well as we are saying. On the other side, we also have the levels of price, which is something that has been working for us during the last year and especially share. And as we have said before, we have been growing our share of supply during the last quarter. It continued to happen this quarter and this is also a part of our strategy going forward.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So we have clearly seen an increase of aggressive pricing from some of our Japanese competitors. Of course, if you look at the currency rate between dollar and yen is at one of the lower level it has been in a long time, and this clearly gives them an advantage. Our strategy has not changed. We think we need to continue to sell positive NPV units, units that will not create unprofitable customers. And this is why in some areas of the segments like in the low end, where really are not very attractive around profitable units, we are losing share because this is not a business that we're going to go after. And based on what we see, we don't think this is going to be changing anytime soon. And this is why we also mentioned that we are going to be accelerating our cost actions in Print, both to be more competitive in the short term but especially also to be able to maintain our profitability going forward. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: And I think this was the last question, so let me use this opportunity to close. First of all, I think we delivered a solid quarter in Q3 in a clearly tough environment where we continued to improve our sequential performance while also continuing to invest in the future. And we -- this is really at the core of our Future Ready plan that is enabling to do both, savings that we can use to continue to invest and also to respond to short-term challenges. And then to close, I'm really looking forward to see all of you in person or most of you in person on October 10 here in Palo Alto, where we will be talking about our plan for '24, innovation and long-term plans. So thank you for joining the call and looking forward to see all of you in a few weeks from now. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Sure, no worries. And, good afternoon. So first of all, I'll just start out with sort of unpacking how to think about the free cash flow for Q4. If you take the midpoint of our revised guide, you can see that our net earnings is approximately $3.3 billion. So if you take that $3.3 billion and then you take off the $400 million of expected restructuring charges, that gets you into the $2.9 billion range. And really, the remaining, as you pointed out, Amit, it's really coming from an improvement in CCC. So really, working capital is really one of the key drivers for cash flow in Q4, and that's very much in line with what actually happened in cash flow in Q3.
Marie Myers: Hey, Toni. Good afternoon. It's Marie. So why don't I go ahead and comment on the margin ranges for both business and sort of unpack some of the drivers there. But first of all, I'd start out by saying you are seeing some of the benefits that we've spoken about today and in prior calls of the Future Ready transformation. As we've said in the past, we do expect to see those savings flow through both cost of sales and OpEx. And frankly, I think you're seeing the benefits of that in the rate. But obviously, there are some nuances by business. So I'll just unpack it quickly, so to give you that detail. In terms of Personal Systems, we are expecting to see quarter-on-quarter, sequentially, some gradual improvement in pricing as we start to see some of that normalization of CI. So there is a factor of that in the rate as well, combined with the impact of lower commodity costs and then both structural and operating costs that we spoke about earlier. And obviously, that's offset by some of the enterprise softness. With respect to Print, it is a combination of both strategy and execution. We've got the portfolio rebalancing. I think we talked a little bit about that earlier with Shannon, plus honestly, pricing discipline and then the cost management from our transformation. So it's all those factors combined, but you can see there that certainly, cost is a key element. And then I think from a -- in terms of the long term, we're still very confident that for Print, the 16% to 18% is the right long-term rate, and that's because there are a number of different forcing functions there, particularly as you look at the guidance that we've given about supplies in terms of the revenue decline there, the low to mid-single digit and plus a much more competitive sort of pricing in that we've seen in Consumer, and some of that is even evidenced in enterprise more recently. But I think we're overall confident that the rates are the right rates and the right ranges for us for both Personal Systems and Print. And I'll turn it to Enrique if he has anything else to add.
Marie Myers: Yes, absolutely. So why don't I just give a little bit more context in terms of what Enrique commented on, Samik. I think if you think about the Q4 guide, obviously, the macro is in there and we've talked about that, I think, in our prepared remarks around those headwinds that we've seen, including the sluggish recovery in China. But in addition, just in terms of Personal Systems, it's really -- the way to think about it is the market size and the opportunity. And it's driven by sort of both ASP pressure that we talked about in terms of that CI and then also the softer demand that we've seen in the enterprise. And then finally, there's also some pressure on the Print business just in terms of the enterprise softness, and that's really in industrial where we're seeing today just elongated sales cycles due to that pressure.
Marie Myers: Yes. So why don't I just walk you through the full year here, Sidney? So basically, as Enrique said, it's -- Q4 is $0.08 and then we had a $0.03 adjustment for an accounting correction in the first half. So really just in terms of just the drivers, I think the right way to unpack it is it's really the PC market size for the second half of calendar '23 that's smaller than expected and the industry CI comments that Enrique talked about. But I think the key is we're going to see those improving ASPs as the quarter progresses but it's less than we initially expected. So if you look at that plus the enterprise demand in PS and Print, that's really what are the drivers of the $0.08 in Q4.
Marie Myers: Sure. So to give you some context there, Sidney, as you rightly said, we have seen the benefit of commodity costs in Q3 across both businesses, frankly, both Personal Systems and Print. There are some unique ICs in Print that are still somewhat in an inflationary state. But overall, the costs have been favorable for commodities in both businesses. We do expect that, that will carry forward into Q4. So there will be additional commodity cost declines in Q4 sequentially. And in terms of how we're thinking about strategic buys, I would say -- I think I've said this in prior calls, we do feel it's really important to be operationally excellent. But frankly, we're going to take advantage of opportunities that make financial sense. So if there are strategic buys that make -- that fit that profile and that character, we'll absolutely take advantage of them. But I think the overall environment is we're seeing those positive trends. But I'd just add that the favorable trends in CPUs, we're starting to expect to see those to flatten out.
Marie Myers: So why don't I walk you through Q3 first, what happened, and then through Q4, because I think that paints the context on how to think about Q4? So if you look at the Q3 rate, which was 6.6%, it was really a cost story. Whether we talked about just the way we manage costs, the results of sort of the structural costs that we've driven through the Future Ready program. And then I just spoke about with Sidney about the commodity costs. So we saw that cost benefit clearly in Personal Systems in Q3. Much of that is frankly going to be a rinse and repeat into Q4. And there's just a couple of additional sort of drivers in there that help to sort of buffer the rate into the higher end of the range. And that is I think what Enrique clearly articulated was that gradual improvement in pricing that we expect to happen Q3, Q4, and that's really due to the stabilization of the CI level. So that's sort of like an additional factor over and above what we had in Q3. And that's really sort of, I think, the best way to think about the rates, particularly in Personal Systems as you think about Q4. And then obviously, we still got -- underpinning all of that is the enterprise softness that continues to be out there in the market as well. But that's really what's driving it. I hope that provides you some more context.
Marie Myers: Well, I'll just say that sort of our strategy remains the same. We intend to manage our leverage under 2. And I'd say we should also look at it over the longer term and not just sort of quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, we're pleased with where we landed Q3 and we're slightly under two times debt to EBITDA. And in terms of then how to think about leverage and share repurchasing, just -- you might have missed the call so let me just clarify. We said in the call that we expect to start to buy back shares to start to manage dilution in Q4. And I think that comment is really important because I'm not sure if you caught the comments on the call, but that's just sort of how we're thinking about it. And obviously, key to us is the commitment we've made around returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders. So I'll turn it over to Enrique to probably, I know he's got some thoughts around this as well.
Marie Myers: Yeah, I'm happy to. Hi, Asiya. So in terms of supplies, we still do expect to be in the range of low to mid for FY '23. And there's really two primary drivers. One is the usage trends and the second is the share trends. And I would say usage is very much, it's declining in line with what we expected. But what we've seen is that pricing remains resilient. And another important factor is the fact that our inventory in the multi-tiered ecosystem remains in a healthy shape. And just one thing to think about when you do the comps, don't look for the sort of year-on-year because last quarter, we had a relatively easy compare because we had a tough Q4 in '22. So look over the long term, I think that's the right way to think about supplies. I don't know, Enrique, if you've got anything else to add.
