Greg Klaben: Thanks, Lucy. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Welcome to Plantronics' Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2014. Joining me today are Ken Kannappan, Plantronics' President and CEO, who's on a temporary medical leave of absence; and Pam Strayer, acting CEO, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's conference call, we may make certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties as outlined in today's press release. As we've highlighted before, the risk factors in our press release and SEC filings are not standard boilerplate. We update these risk factors quarterly for material changes, adding and dropping language and changing the order depending upon our assessment of the timing and potential impact of risks. We believe forecasting our results of operations is difficult, and we ask you to focus particular attention on these risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. For further information, please refer to our Forms 10-Q, 10-K, today's press release and other SEC filings. For the remainder of today's call, we will be providing only non-GAAP metrics related to gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and EPS. We've reconciled these measures on -- in our earnings press release and in our quarterly analyst metric sheet, both of which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website. Unless stated otherwise, all comparisons of the first quarter fiscal 2014 financial results are up to the same quarter in the prior fiscal year. Plantronics' first quarter fiscal 2014 net revenues were $202.8 million compared with guidance provided on May 7 of $198 million to $205 million. GAAP's diluted -- Plantronics' GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.62 compared with $0.55 in the same quarter of the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.70 compared with $0.63 in the prior year quarter. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter fiscal 2014 consists of charges for stock-based compensation, early exit lease termination, accelerated depreciation, amortization of purchased intangible assets and restructuring other related charges all net of the associated tax impact, as well as the tax benefits from the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and other tax benefits that are not reflective of ongoing operations. Please refer to the full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP in our earnings press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Greg Klaben: It did -- it's also dependent on revenue growth. We did highlight in the call that we're targeting that target operating margin range of 20%, 23%. So it's somewhat dependent on that.
Greg Klaben: Okay. Thanks very much for joining us, everyone. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can reach Pam and myself after today's call.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I think -- so the write-off was $1.8 million this quarter. And in the prior year, I don't remember exactly, but it was below $500,000. So it was pretty low.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So in the past, we have estimated an annualized savings of a couple of million, $2 million to $3 million, and that's still a good estimate. I wouldn't expect to see the savings of that for a full quarter until Q4. We're still consolidating some of the buildings. We still have some operating expenses for multiple buildings. So -- and we're still installing solar panels. So that's going to take a little while. We'll see about that.
Pamela J. Strayer: Sure. So in -- within UC, our ASPs and our gross margins are holding up very well. We haven't seen any significant changes there at all. And consistent with what we've said, our long-term model assumes UC becomes a larger portion, and the 50% to 52% is what our UC products will support. So our standard margins or our product margins there, we're not forecasting for those to change dramatically. It's just going to be a larger portion of our total revenue.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So we don't provide forecast at that level, by product category. But generally, I think what I had said -- what I was talking about was seasonality overall in total revenues, in that we typically see some decrease in revenues from Q1 to Q2. And I think Mobile follows that seasonality as well.
Pamela J. Strayer: Well, we're adding sales headcount globally. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We'd get back to you on that.
Pamela J. Strayer: There will be an uptick in operating expenses that's built into our guidance. There's a couple of things going on there. We continue to invest heavily in sales and marketing, but Q2 is also our first quarter where we've got full quarter of merit salary increases for our staff. So there's items like that that's going to increase OpEx.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. Well, that's hard to say. let's say even worst case, if UC was flat, it would still represent 40% year-over-year growth rate for the quarter. So not a bad result. But yes, it's hard to know how the revenues are going to fall between our different product category.
Pamela J. Strayer: Well, I am including a conservative estimate in there for more E&O charges going forward. As our -- as we continue to innovate in our products and our product life cycle shorten, forecasting that demand and managing those product transitions are becoming very challenging for us. It's an area that we're working on. But I just included conservative E&O numbers there. So overall, it's -- and by product mix, I mean, it's hard to know. Our gross margins change a lot based on what our product mix comes in at. But it's primarily E&O for next quarter.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I don't think I'd want to try and guess at that number. I don't -- yes, I don't want to forecast. I don't make a habit to forecast that number.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So we are continuing to repurchase shares with that cash. And in the last quarter, we repurchased over 300,000 shares and spent $11 million on share repurchases. And we'll continue a similar approach going forward, as well as returning cash to shareholders through our dividend, which we've been doing for some time now.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. First, let me just hit the Clarity business very quickly. Of course, it's been very hard hit because it is a business that, although it serves a very favorable demographic market, which are people with hearing impairments and with the aging of society, it's basically a growing demographic. The -- many of the products are distributed for free by state programs, and that funding has been clearly severely impacted. And then particularly, a couple of the programs, they also did some restructuring some of their business activities that bit -- created a bit of a hold in the market. We've come out with some great product innovations there though, that are very exciting in terms of taking advantage of some of the new platforms that are available for people on tablets and other technologies. So we feel very, very good about the business and its long-term demographic appeal, even though it is going through a rough patch at the moment. And we continue to be the leaders in that market, although the market is certainly depressed for now. But we do view it as one with good, profitable, long-term growth potential. Relative to the gaming market, we are very, very pleased with the position that we're in. We had a partnership with the League of Legends people. We've got some new products that we're getting ready to launch. We see there's a market that has got excellent growth potential and one that is -- at the end of the day, for the high-performance gamer, they're interested in winning, and we can provide the best products. And therefore, we think that we have some tremendous strategic fits with that market. I don't want to kid you, our priority remains UC, and after that, it remains OCC. But having said that, we think we have enough room to fund these and to sustain these investments as well.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Actually, we weren't 100% sure what to expect in China. The fact is that what we have experienced with hands-free laws, we did not have experience in a country of the nature of China, and we were not sure the degree to which, in a slightly less developed country, we would see -- how we would see the pattern of revenues. In fact, it wound up following the developed country model. And so actually, it was very close to what we have actually expected would occur in China. But we weren't 100% confident with the forecast we have.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: We had a little bit of that helping us and, as we said in the last quarter, where there was a little bit of pent-up demand and some budgets allowed people to do that. I think that having said that, in general, that business remains more steady than volatile.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. We still think that's something to worry about. But having said that, we don't actually believe at this point in time, it's likely to affect our September quarter. It seems at this point in time, we're only less than 2 months that are left, that very little is really likely to have an impact. But I think beyond that point in time, there's still a significant risk that the sequester will affect some of the defense prime contractors, as well as some federal government expenditures.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. We always get a certain amount of onetime deals, and it was just a quarter that was a little bit stronger, in that, again, I think there was a little bit of pent-up demand. It wasn't all end market orders. It was also some that was just timing from the standpoint of the channel, not that the channel inventories were up, but just there was a little bit there. So between the 2 of it, it just wound up being a quarter that was a little bit better than normal from the standpoint of larger types of buys.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: No. Actually, related to other things. And one of them related to a product that we launched, and there was some pent-up demand for that. Some of it just related, as I said, I think to some pent-up upgrades, actually, some of that being, again, in the core OCC legacy, things where people got budgets and just went ahead with existing upgrades. We obviously had a good quarter for UC, but that's not as much of the -- at some of the large deals, but it's not as much as the change in the large deals.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Absolutely. Lync has been a big contributor in the UC growth. It's been a big contributor. But we were talking about the change in the large deal part.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, it depends how you phrase it. Yes, we absolutely believe that biometric is -- can be part of the information that we intelligently provide. Is the goal to compete with Fitbit or Nike? Not necessarily. Perhaps we would look at it as being something where we should be complementary to the things that people want to have and the things that we can provide.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, first of all, it's -- probably seems to you like we have a really wide target. To us, it seems like a really narrow target, where it's $7 million and we're predicting pretty far in advance. And $203 million or something like that when the range was $198 million to $205 million, to us, it's really pretty close there. We certainly had potential in the higher numbers that we would see less falloffs in the China number for Mobile, because we weren't really sure what kind of pattern we would see with that. But there are other variables, too. Certain regions, globally, India and Japan have gotten a little bit weaker. There's been some volatility. But having said that, again, there's also been strong areas. So to me, that variation is pretty small for us predicting it, at least, in our minds, for a quarter result.
