Ken Kannappan: Thank you, Greg; and thanks to all of you for taking the time to listen to our call. There are three key points on the third-quarter results. First, revenue was about guidance; and this was driven by stronger-than-expected office and contract center revenues, which include unified communications, with a little help from some bluebirds. In addition, we experienced normal seasonal improvements in our mobile and gaming businesses. Overall, we are seeing improved demand across all major product categories and geographies, but remain cautious as to the strength of the global economic recovery. Second, gross and operating margins improved from the prior year and prior quarter as a result of better than anticipated revenue growth combined with lower relative expense growth and the impact of cost reduction activities that we took earlier in 2009. We will continue to focus on maintaining and improving our gross and operating margins, while investing appropriately for the UC opportunity. Third, we achieved an important milestone in our Bluetooth product group by attaining P&L profitability. You may recall, in September 2008, on significantly higher revenue, we had a positive contribution margin from this product category. Profitability was achieved in part from the success of the Voyager Pro and Discovery 975, which went into broader retail and carrier distribution in the December quarter. Additionally, we realized the full benefit of the outsourcing of production of Bluetooth headsets, which was effected this past August. We also gained share in the US retail Bluetooth market, measured according to NPD or like data. This data excludes sales outside the US, carrier stores and Wal-Mart. We plan to stop disposing on a going-forward basis. Turning to UC, we continue to see signs deployment and planning for Unified Communications and collaboration for UCC, as people are beginning to call it, is a top priority for IT departments of large enterprises. In recent months, we have started to see interest spread beyond Fortune 1000 companies to midsize organizations and government. We expect that calendar year 2010 will largely be a decision-making year for enterprises evaluating UC and many major corporations will start deploying in the latter part of this year or the next, with most more likely to be in 2011. We continue to expect deployments of UC with voice to be the key driver of our revenue and profit growth going forward. As stated in the past, we expect incremental revenue of $350 million annually by our fiscal 2015, as UC deployments drive headset adoption. We continue to feel confident in this revenue opportunity and currently plan to break out UC-related product revenues, beginning in the upcoming June quarter. Turning to products. In January, we won the prestigious international Form or iF product design award for 2010 in Telecommunications category for the Voyager Pro Bluetooth headset, and our product development team created a UC version of the said set, which began shipping at the end of last year. Savi Office wireless headset system has been named the best international CES innovations 2010 design and engineering award winner. Product senders into this program are judged by a panel of independent industrial designers, engineers, and members of the media. We recently expanded our award-winning family of PC headsets with four new wideband models, feature high performance TSP for unparalleled audio quality in listening to music, gaming, and for PC-based conversations. These headsets are ideal for podcasts and PC conversations on services such as Skype and Google Talk. To conclude, we are pleased to have exceeded our long-term gross margin range of 45% to 48%, and finished the quarter within our targeted operating margin range of 18% to 20%. While we are cautious as to the strength of global economic recovery, we remain confident in the positive impact Unified Communications will have on our business. This year, we intend to improve our position in the UC market, while maintaining good margins, with a promising pipeline of new UC solutions that we look forward to sharing with you this year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Barbara to view our results in more detail.
Ken Kannappan: I think that there might be a little bit of pent up demand in that equation, but I think that having said that, more often related to the timing of activities rollout some inventory changes in our channels that really related to channel activities, and I would say that those are kind of some of the bigger drivers. We also – on the M&A side had one promotion and we had one hands-free law go into effect that also aided the business.
Ken Kannappan: I think it was a modest situation, where there was a little bit of a downdraft in the September quarter of this and we got a little bit of a rebound. It is not the biggest explanatory factor, but it is an explanatory factor.
Ken Kannappan: No, I think it is going to be more associated with the additional PBX-like functionality that they will include in the next rev of their software, which will make it from a communications standpoint, more equivalent with some of the other offerings.
Ken Kannappan: Well, first, I don't know if we committed yet to the slowing in gross margin. Yes, we talked about closing revenues, just to be clear. I don't know if we have got an opinion yet on the margins. But overall, in the UC business, a couple of comments. First, it has actually been going perhaps as well as we expect it, maybe even slightly better than we expected so far, but we are in a very nascent stage still in that business, evolving very rapidly. You know, we were very conscious of the fact that this spreads our market from our existing customer base of people who have the great deal from the headset is very important and they are purchasing IT, everybody understands that their business management into people who are frequently using a voice communications a lot less and therefore are more likely to buy ported products at the low end of our product line. And therefore, the value on the product being lower, going to be more price sensitive, as well as the fact we have a concentrated purchasing moment. Having said that on the negative side relative to the margins, you know, the positive side is people want these solutions to work, voices – mission-critical application and people already sensitive to quality and value. And so far, again we are still early stages. We think that the margins has held up as well or better than we thought.
Ken Kannappan: So some of the benefit of course is also we had a high European and the currencies were the most of the quarter at favorable exchange rates that also added to the benefit.
Ken Kannappan: Well, we won’t be able to segment it perfectly, and that is the point. First of all, somebody can buy a UC product from Plantronics and use it for a conventional application. And you know, we (inaudible). I mean, just kind of like today, we would sell a headset and sell to – I don’t know, General Electric, and you know, on one floor, they could have a Contact Center environment; on the next floor, they could have office professionals and it is actually very hard for you to know exactly what is happening. Even when we sell to Contact Centers, we have offices and so forth that are not all agents. And in the case of UC, people can buy these products, one just for selective use, it is more likely that they would buy it for multimedia use, if people are doing Web conferencing without UC; they are listening to a variety of streaming media content. Some people are just using a cell phone client, like Skype or something like that for international calls, not in a UC environment. And so, it is actually plenty hard for me to track the end application. So we will probably wind up reporting kind of all sales that are UC-capable, rather than attempting to narrow down to – we are sure that they are actually UC applications. We just won’t be able to verify that.
Ken Kannappan: Well, I think that it is a significant and complex task to create a business that is competitive in UC. If you look at our past business for second as an analogy, you know, there was not a technical barrier to entry. But there were a number of things that people had to do in order to be successful. Certainly, you had to be compatible with a variety of different clothed systems, as an example. And if you weren’t, then you work to be Plug & Play, you aren’t going to have a very favorable experience by the end-user, you can get return rate, the channel wasn’t going to like that and so forth. There were a thousand other things. If I look at UC, just use that single example to comparable items, people need to be compatible, particularly for the large enterprise, with a great variety of different businesses. People are going to want to have co-mingled inventories; they are going to want to spend out a product that has Plug & Play that work for a particular vendor. That means people like Plantronics that are very committed to this market, that are compatible right now with literally thousands of different combinations, when you look at all of the UC platform vendors, their software, when you look at the different software that is actually on the PCs and notebooks, when you look at the different software or other application such as reading from the iTunes, to Google Talk to Skype to various web ex and other applications that you want to use. In order to make sure that is working, and it has to a buck, that is a significant effort. On top of all of that, there is a level of functionality we are providing, in some cases, quite unique. For example, right now, many people deploying UC are using soft clients for internal calls, and for bandwidth and audio quality, there are actually still using landlines for external calls. If you use our product, our Savi Office, you can actually conference between these two, because on the one hand, it is unified communications, and on the other hand, these types are actually still quite separate. So we will be bringing in that value. So there is an awful lot that we do that creates a solution that is robust and reliable for IT and for the end users, and adds value to the actual experience. Can somebody else do it in the past, they couldn’t. Can somebody else do some of these things now? They can, but it is not easy and in some cases, the relationships that we have, the technical relationships with some of the suppliers are either exclusive or limited to often one other player in the market.
Ken Kannappan: Let me try your other two questions. First, UC products, we do have new UC products that we are developing, we launch them based upon what we think is appropriate to market, not necessarily when they are completed we may hold summit where kind of too early relative to both the competitive and the market dynamic. But for sure, there will be new products that we release during the course of the year, and it is not on a set schedule, because it is really related to that market dynamic. You know, hands-free laws, there have been some new hands-free laws if we kind of look at January time frame, we have had – I think Kentucky just passed, Oregon, Fig Island (inaudible), couple of cities, you know, we have got Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Wilmington, Delaware; I think we have got British Colombia, (inaudible), we just had Serbia. So there are actually hands-free laws, none of them are huge, but it may enhance some publicity in the newspapers, it may enhance certain (inaudible) – you know, you start to have in the United States what I can only describe as an almost checkerboard sort of look, where okay, it is not a hands-free law in Illinois but it is in Chicago, it is not in Florida, but it is in Miami. You know, you got it in so many different locations that if you drive zooming, you can get pulled over, it starts to add to the idea that you know, maybe you ought to consider it. I think that was your last question.
Ken Kannappan: Just so we are clear, when you say stocking, you are talking about inventory levels?Dan McIntosh – Robert W. Baird: That is correct.
Ken Kannappan: Well, I don't disclose inventory levels by customer, but I will tell you that Verizon has maintained, in our minds, a fairly consistent level of management, if anything, increasing as a business strategy their overall inventory turns and we work well with them I think to maintain adequate and appropriate inventory stocks in keeping with their business model. So again, I can't really comment too specifically. I will say that kind of on an overall basis, we think our retail and carrier inventories are in line with where they should be.Dan McIntosh – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And when you mentioned retail in general, (inaudible) what that means, excluding Verizon and also with the regular retailers.
Ken Kannappan: I don't want to give the wrong impression. These were not huge, and we always get what is called a bluebird and blackbird type of stuff. I thought on balance, this was kind of slightly larger into the positive side than the total noise range, so I mentioned it. But I don't want to give the wrong impression that it is truly huge. I can’t name the companies, of course, and what occasionally happens are that people wind up with a little budget at the end of the year, end of a period, and decides if they are going to accelerate plans that they have been contemplating in the presence of (inaudible) orders, you know, greater than we expected in a concentrated period.
Ken Kannappan: All right. So there is a variety of different tastes in bluebirds and blackbirds and I don’t know if I should go through it all, but let me try to give you a little bit of flavor. First, I was talking there on the B2B side, where it tends to happen a little less frequently. So if we go back in time a little bit, the financial crisis, there were a whole bunch of blackbirds. I mean, we had companies planning to open call centers for example in India, with large numbers of seats, the plans were ready to go, and you know, we had business that was clearly cancelled at the last minute that was – in our minds, kind of a blackbird. You know, for us, bluebird and blackbird again is kind of outside of our expectations in terms of signing and being favorable or unfavorable based upon a changed decision at the customer that we didn't expect, when we put together our report. Now from a retailer or carrier perspective, you know, occasionally, these things come up as well. So if I, for example, if a carrier suddenly decides that they are going to do a promotion, and they are going to bundle or promote one of our products with a particular new phone and its hot, you know, if we cannot notice suddenly get a better-than-expected level of revenue, or if somebody – and that hasn’t happened for a while, decides they are going to give our products away as part of the renewal program or something like that, of course it is a wonderful, unexpected item. You know, it can happen the other way also. Sometimes, people wind up – not necessarily odd, somebody winds up with excess inventory, they have to sell it out and that becomes their focus and impacts our revenue opportunity, a variety of things again can happen on either side.
Ken Kannappan: Thank you very much. If any of you have any further questions, we are available by phone. We appreciate your time.
Barbara Scherer: So Paul, this is Barbara. In terms of our target model, it is true that we have 45 to 48 as the gross margin target, but the most important set of numbers on that page are the operating margin targets in that 18 to 20 points. And so for example, in Q4, our gross margins will probably be a bit higher than they were in Q3. So we are expecting revenues to be down, so OpEx will be a higher percent of revenue, and we should still be very nicely in the 18 to 20 points. So we are certainly not in any position to raise the 18 to 20 point target, we are operating nicely within it and I am hopeful we will have operated in it every quarter for the entire fiscal year, which would be excellent. But we are certainly not sustain [ph] out of it.
Barbara Scherer: The difference has really narrowed substantially over the years. There is still a difference, but I will call it less than 10 points at this point.
Barbara Scherer: This is Barbara. Let me take the first one about Europe. So we are expecting in our guidance forecast for the European revenues to be down sequentially, both in OCC and consumer. So we are expecting our OCC revenues in the rest of world actually be up. So we are looking at Europe a little bit differently, and heart of that is just – you know, they went into the global economic slowdown later than the US, and they are certainly going to come out, but that was a very fast snap back and the question is, is it really sustainable and in fact, at this point, we have had four weeks of bookings and we see the level of bookings and they are at a lower level than last quarter and we believe that the OCC business will end up lower than Q3, but well above Q2. So we have certainly moved off the trough there in Europe. And now they are also having terrible weather in the UK. It has been kind of in a freeze for about a month and there has just been a lot of impact on business broadly in Europe, partially as a result of that.
Barbara Scherer: So – in terms of our forecast for this quarter, we are really expecting the Bluetooth margins to stay pretty much just about where they were – you know, on a channel-by- channel basis and exactly how all that – kind of product-by-channel basis and how all that rolls up in total, we believe it will probably be pretty close to last quarter’s level.Dan McIntosh – Robert W. Baird: Okay, that is fine. Great, thank you very much.
