Dion Weisler: Great. Thanks, Shannon, for the question. I'll try to summarize it in terms of if we accept that, really it was a loss of share and, to a lesser extent, pricing, the question is, why we're losing share? And what are we going to do about it? It's true that these challenges versus third-party alternatives are not new. We're essentially fighting the same war, but we're now engaging on a new battlefield, and it's called online. Historically, we've been very strong in our traditional channels, including both retail and the commercial channel. You see, online offers a growing route to market for alternatives. And we're seeing more of our commercial customers moving to online, where our overall share, while still leading, is not as large. The growth of online and the access it enables for reman and aftermarket alternative is also creating incentives for aftermarket alternative manufacturers to invest in breaking in on better technology faster. And this has resulted in a faster deceleration in our aftermarket share on some newer platforms than we expected through this route to market. So while we've been expanding our presence in the omnichannel, we need to do it faster, and we need to do it more effectively. We need new weapons to fight on the new battlefield. We just can't bring a musket to a drone fight. So most importantly, what are we going to do about it? First, we need to continue to evolve our go-to-market and expand our online initiatives as well as our targeted marketing, and we'll certainly be doing that. The second thing we have to do is we've got to expand our order processes to protect our brand and discourage counterfeit and other IP infringements. We've got to support the value proposition of original supplies in terms of quality, sustainability as well as environmental impact. Thirdly, we have to shift our business models in order to diversify our product pool for services and securing a high share of the supplies for those units. Both Instant Ink and Managed Print Services are great examples of these models. And then finally, we've got to also evolve our business to include products that generate a larger portion of the lifetime profitability at the time of purchase. So we know the situation that we're in. We've named it, and we also know what we need to do about it. 
Dion Weisler: Yes, no problems, Wamsi. I'll start, and I'm sure Steve may want to chime in as well. I guess, the underlying cause as we outlined during the call, was the surprise around our assumptions about share were wrong, and it was most specifically in EMEA. There are 2 main drivers that I'll comment on. The first is the omnichannel impact, and the second is our operational visibility. Let me start with the omnichannel. The omnichannel and the consumer preferences to buy online are definitely not new. What we've seen is more commercial customers purchasing online. And while our online business has been growing significantly and we have leading share online, it's at a lower percentage than our share with traditional commercial resellers and install retailers. Where we went wrong is that we had incorrect Supplies share assumptions in our 4-box model regarding the plans for Supplies selling in quarter 1 '19 and in prior quarters. This made it very difficult to spot the buying behavior change as a trend. It didn't necessarily all happen in Q1, but now that we understand the trend better, it has driven a change in our expectations for share going forward. In addition to that, the macro uncertainty has also increased, and we've seen further price sensitivity among customers pressuring both our share and our Supplies pricing. If I turn to operational issues, since we don't have much visibility into the downstream channel ecosystem and we were maintaining CI levels below our Tier 1 ceiling, we did not see clearly enough that we had an issue. However, we saw lower sell-through during the course of quarter 1 and adjusted our operational plans to reduce shipments, consistent with our Supplies sales model. We also received new share analytics. It's a really important point, and we were able to triangulate that our revised share assumptions were below our previous ones. And so in retrospect, when the new share insights are applied, we believe that our inventories in the ecosystem -- in the whole ecosystem began growing in prior quarters. However, the prior share assumptions made it hard to call this out as a trend as it was masking the underlying problem. And as a result of that, we've adjusted our go-forward 4-box assumptions and sizing inventory impact, as Steve talked about, to be approximately $100 million. 
Dion Weisler: Thanks, Katy. To help you understand it better, let me explain a little bit about our methodology that drives the share assumptions we use on office supplies, which is primarily toner-based, and how it's changed. It's worth noting that it's different than ink-based products, where we've historically had more telemetry data. Previously, we had used periodic third-party survey data and market research aggregators to estimate toner supply shares. We did not have a statistically significant sample from the system telemetry and the instrumentation nor the capabilities to calculate share for toner-based products in the installed base. We've had this data for ink-based products, but due to the limited number of machines that were phoning home in commercial due to enterprise firewall constraints and otherwise unconnected devices, we've had to build the connected installed base over time. And so with the increasing mix of newer products and the growth of the connected installed base, combined with improvements in big data, we've been able to move to a better source of share data based on system telemetry. It's worth noting that the share we calculate through big data reflects the share at the time the customer hits the print button, which may be months after they actually purchase the supplies. So when the new share insights are applied, we believe that the inventory in the ecosystem had been growing during quarter 1 and previous quarters. And the combined effect of the change in market dynamics impacting share and the lack of visibility to the change resulted in excess HP supplies in the market and lower Tier 1 channel sell-through. Having said all that, we will obviously need to continue to refine the telemetry data and our instrumentation and business management system as we move forward. 
Dion Weisler: And the only thing I would add to that is that we won't lead the market down on price. We obviously need to remain competitive in the marketplace, and we've been investing heavily in innovation and we believe our customers are valuing that innovation. And the demand signal for our products remains really strong. 
Dion Weisler: But with all that said and done, I think it's also important to note something I mentioned earlier. We need to shift our business models in order to diversify our profit pools through services and securing a higher share of the supplies for these units. And so I am encouraged by the work that we're doing around Instant Ink and growing our installed base there as well as Managed Print Services. They're great examples of that model. And secondly, what I talked about is we've got to evolve our business to include products that generate a larger portion of the lifetime profitability at the time of purchase. 
Dion Weisler: Look. First, as Steve alluded to in our outlook, we've taken into account the approximately $100 million headwind from reducing inventory in the Supplies ecosystem. This is about a point of Supplies revenue, as Steve highlighted. And the remainder of the decline is the base is really based on factoring in the revised share and the pricing assumptions. And future outlook beyond '19 will depend upon a number of things including the progress we're making across each of our 4-box drivers and the pace of our business model evolution that I referred to at the last question. So at this time, just as we ordinarily do, we're not going to comment about future years. 
Dion Weisler: So thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us. We remain confident in our business. We're reaffirming our full year EPS and full year cash flow guidance. We're relentless in both managing our costs and reinvesting to create long-term value. We know we have work to do to manage through the current dynamics, and that's exactly what we're going to do and what you should expect from us. We'll continue to play a long game. We'll execute to our strategy with rigor and focus on driving sustainable, long-term earnings and cash flow growth. Thanks very much. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I guess, for starters, I am comfortable with the at least $3.7 billion. Similar to what we've done in prior quarters, when we look at our free cash flow outlook, we do take into account our forecast on earnings, our volume, especially in Personal Systems and cash conversion cycle. And then from an earnings perspective, while we do have the challenge in Supplies, we are taking actions, including cost actions, to address some of that. So net-net, on our earnings, volume and CCC perspective, I feel confident in the guide. And as I mentioned last quarter, worth repeating, we finished Q2 with a negative cash conversion cycle of minus 35 days compared to minus 32 days at the end of Q4. I'd acknowledge that we would likely have some upside to that minus 32 days at the end of last quarter. I still see that as potential upside, which helps further confirm and give confidence in the at least $3.7 billion number. 
Steven Fieler: So then I'll just add to that and address more specifically on the extent beyond EMEA and then even the sizing of that $100 million. So in Q1, certainly, the revenue weakness and the incorrect share assumptions were primarily in EMEA. And while the multi-tier channel dynamics that have been described are not unique to EMEA, they are more prevalent there. That said, the competitive trends are global, and both the changes in the customer buying with more commercial customers purchasing supplies online and the pricing that Dion just referred to are more macro in nature. And therefore, when we revisited our 4-box assumptions, we did look at all regions and revised our share and pricing accordingly, and that's all embedded in our guidance. And then specifically, I think you indicated this is what happened before. In terms of the channel itself, just to put context, we're talking roughly 1% of our total Supplies stream of over $13 billion. And while there are some things that are clear with data, there are others that we need to triangulate on. And we can't be precise on all fronts, especially because we don't have visibility into the entire downstream unmonitored ecosystem. So our approach here was to triangulate on a channel inventory number across the ecosystem by analyzing different data points. We compared our old share assumptions with the revised one that have been informed by big data, and we also looked at prior selling statistics and CI trends. We then estimated how much additional downstream channel inventory may exist, and we believe $100 million is the right estimate. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So we obviously delivered 16.2% in the quarter. And when we entered FY '19, Dion and I had a good conversation. We actually took proactive steps to address some of the growing global uncertainty we saw at the time and began some targeted expense reductions. We didn't anticipate this Supplies challenge, but we saw, we reacted quickly and further tightened OpEx. It's important that we continue investing in the areas where we expect good returns, like our growth initiatives, placing the right units and evolving our business model to be more contractual. So that's important for us to continue. It is why, though, that we must continue to drive more productivity and more efficiency in the model. I do acknowledge that maintaining the 16% going forward is tougher, given the Supplies challenge, but it does remain our target. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. When we looked at our margin in Q1 and certainly, the ASP portion of that, the large sort of greater than 50% increase in the ASPs was actually driven by mix, with the remainder being overall pricing dynamics. And we did see some favorability from Q4 to Q1. We'd expect continued favorability from Q1 to Q2 on the overall commodities. Exactly how this will play out in our margins going forward is going to depend, though, on overall market and pricing dynamics. Obviously, we've got currency volatility we continue to see, and likely headwinds from currency will partially offset some of the tailwinds we are seeing on commodity costs. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I think in general, our Q2 EPS guide is in line with normal seasonality. And I think the comment was on the full year, so maybe I'll comment on the full year and get back to Q2. Full year, we are maintaining our guide at $2.12 to $2.22 non-GAAP EPS. Confident we can deliver across the various puts and takes. We have factored in now the lower Supplies revenue; the CPU constraints, which we had already taken into account; and FX headwinds. We have multiple levers to offset. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to continue driving cost management whether they be in-flight initiatives that we can accelerate or continued push around digital transformation. I mentioned the components on the prior call -- or excuse me, prior question. And so how much of that sticks, again, is to be seen. So we do have levers. But if I reflect back at SAM when I laid out the FY '19 guidance and broke it up between the segments, which was about $0.05 to $0.12 of the year-over-year increase, and shares and other about $0.05 to $0.08 of the year-over-year increase, I think we're generally in line with that. On the segments, more strength in Personal Systems, and now we have some challenge on the Print overall. And on the corporate and other, have a year-over-year favorability on shares, to a lesser extent, OI&E. But we are investing more in corporate investments and other. So net-net, I feel confident holding the midpoint of our guide. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So as I mentioned earlier, clearly the issue in Q1 was and pertained to EMEA. And even the share delta from the assumptions that we previously had to what we now view as our share was, primarily, the delta was in EMEA. That being said, we looked and reanalyzed the entire business across all regions. And the minus 3%, we believe, is a prudent guide. It does take into account both, number one, the channel inventory in the entire ecosystem. Again, it's about a point of it, the $100 million takedown. And the second is we did revise our shares and pricing assumptions worldwide. So net-net, we think that it's the right way to look at the business even though the issue in Q1 was primarily EMEA-based. 
Steven Fieler: So let me respond to that. So on the first piece, actually, on a year-over-year basis, costs and commodity costs are still a headwind. Sequentially, they're a tailwind. But we're still, from a year-over-year basis, going through the period where costs had risen for some time. I think whether it be headwind or tailwind, I think the reality is that the market adjusts pretty rapidly to different changes in component costs and other short-term factors such as currency. So how much actually falls to the bottom line or how much we need to mitigate through additional productivity is very dependent upon the circumstances. In terms of the actual dollars that we're driving, we do remain on track to our productivity initiatives. It's an area where we'll continue to look to accelerate, candidly, given some of the Supplies challenges. But this is really in the DNA of HP, and I'm very confident in our ability to drive expense actions where we need to. 
Steven Fieler: I guess, for starters, the 4-box model historically has been a relatively good predictor. And I think we need to acknowledge that it is not perfect. There is data and science. There is also judgment and art to it. And to your question, we do need to get better with the telemetry data. And also, we've -- bundled it up to more analytics and business management system in general. And so what it really depends upon, I would sort of call it, a few dimensions, it's really the quantity, quality and speed of the telemetry. And from a quantity perspective, it's installing and shipping more of our installed base with the kind of newer, toner-based telemetrics such as the JetIntelligence. But it's also ensuring that we have access to that. And so increasingly, the penetration of our installed base and quantity is important, but also then the quality and speed in which we can analyze this information, apply more predictive BI analysis around it. So we are investing in this, and I would expect it to get better over time. But I'd -- to my opening comments, we have been pretty good at predicting with the 4-box model, and this is fine-tuning. 
Steven Fieler: I already highlighted the likely improvement in cash conversion cycle, and that obviously brings cash into the current year. When the Personal Systems business grows sequentially, even if it's small growth, it does pull cash into that period. And so while we are not anticipating the growth that we have seen in prior years, we do -- we are factoring in what we think the revenue and volume trajectory is of Personal Systems. And as long as that business has sequential growth, it is a cash generator. 
Steven Fieler: And maybe to provide a little additional context, I'll just sort of give an update of where we are on the 4-box. Enrique shared at SAM what we thought the various 4-box arrows looked like. And if Enrique were doing that today, given the changes we've seen driven by the commercial channel and evolving marketplace Dion described, first, we wouldn't expect any changes to installed base or usage. Where we would expect some change is in office. Whereas we have previously had an arrow going up of gaining share, given the new data, we'd actually expect share to be down to a lesser extent on office. Pricing, which was a down arrow, driven by the mix more to A3, we offer additional commentary that there would be pricing pressures, again as we described on the call. On home, almost all the boxes will remain the same except for share, given that a smaller portion of home does have toner-based products. And so the share we have previously had going up, it would still be going up but not as, I guess, strong of an arrow going up, as we had said at SAM. 
Steven Fieler: Well, as always, we view and take a very prudent view to our guidance, taking into account all of the puts and takes and risks and opportunities that we see, and we provide a range around it. I'm not going to comment specifically other than we have a range, and we've got confidence we can deliver within it. 
