Ken Kannappan: Thank you, Greg. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to this conference call. There are five key points I would like to highlight on the fourth quarter. First, revenue was above guidance, primarily due to stronger-than-expected office and contact center revenues as a result of improving economic conditions. Secondly, non-GAAP gross and operating margins improved from the prior year and prior quarter. The year-to-year improvement is due to higher revenue and the sequential improvement is due to better product margins. Our non-GAAP gross margin for the full fiscal year was 50%, which is above our long-term target range of 45% to 48%. Our non-GAAP operating margin for the year was 19.5%, near the high end of our target range of 18% to 20%. Third, our balance sheet improved from last quarter and last year, and we achieved a record cash flow from operations of about 144 million in fiscal 2010. Fourth, our Bluetooth headsets were profitable for the second consecutive quarter and our overall consumer business was profitable for the entire year. Fifth, adoption of Unified Communications is continuing to build. We are still planning to provide our UC-related product revenue, beginning with our first quarter's results in fiscal 2011, that we will announce in late July. Fiscal 2010 was a transformational year for Plantronics. We strengthened our cost structure to face economic conditions early in the year, and focused our resources on the single largest opportunity in the company's nearly 50-year history, Unified Communications. We continued to make progress on our product development efforts for the UC market, introduced new UC-specific products during the quarter, which are receiving favorable market reactions. We have a very exciting pipeline of new products in development, which we believe can further strengthen this market position. At the beginning of fiscal 2010, I stated that our long-term prospects for revenue and earnings growth were brighter than ever. We continue to believe this to be true, given the high levels of enterprise interest in UC, along with strong, strategic alliances with UC vendors and system integrators. In the 2011 fiscal year, we plan to grow revenues and profits, and our goals will be to – number one, obtain a strong position in UC as the market builds; number two, continue to be profitable in the Bluetooth headset market; and number three, achieve strong returns on invested capital. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Barbara to review our numbers in more detail.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Let me say this – there is cannibalization in that – to the extent that people leave their existing phones in place or put other hard phones out there. If they are going to use just the hard phone connection, they absolutely can use our existing products. And certainly, in a lot of cases, we are seeing that occur. At the same time, I think that there's two kind of modes of adoption – one which is I would call soft phone centric, where – which is the minority of adoptions out in the market, where people are either removing the hard phones or otherwise really, truly emphasizing the soft phone. And in that case, we do get a list in adoption. Again, I think that's the minority of the market, but at the same time for us, disproportionately large due to the impact. Most of that activity, I think, is still in front of us. We're seeing encouraging signs in terms of interest in that. On the other side of it, it's more of the role where the initial adoption of UC clients does not necessarily lead to a list for us; but as people start to get engaged in using the soft phone interface more, whether it's for desktop video; whether it's for Web conferencing, or whether it's for the soft phone voice as well, we're getting a subsequent, kind of gradual increase in adoption and/or upgrades.
Ken Kannappan: Well, yes, because Microsoft is generally pushing the soft phone in direct voice on the PC; whereas Cisco, although they have those tools on the soft phone, are generally pushing the hard phone. Of course, Microsoft does have USB phones and you can implement without using the soft client. But their emphasis is on the soft phone, whereas Cisco's emphasis is on the hard phone.
Ken Kannappan: So I got that. So, it is true that companies, when they're doing these things, try to create incentives and call to action and so forth, particularly with respect to companies piloting or they're trialing those sorts of activities. And it is also true that as a vendor, we can benefit from those. But those are very small, because those are not funding the full deployment of these things, which is the level it has to be to affect our revenues.
Ken Kannappan: All right, sure. I mean, in all honesty, I think that to date, this – it's higher, let's call it calendar year of 2010 as well as that last week of 2009 followed what I consider to be normal seasonal patterns for our business. So we always have this deathly week between Christmas and New Year's, and it was again a fairly deathly week. And as we go to CES, we're always hopeful that a new year will begin. And after this kind of economic turmoil, we're never sure. And in fact, a new year did begin. We did get a normal build-up in business, both in B2B and in consumer. And again, perhaps even a little bit better than we expected, reflecting, I think, strengthened in several industries, and again, in particular, I would say in financial services. So far, we don't have the entire quarter done, but one of the things that I have always liked about the December quarter as well as the June quarter is that we have more useful data at the time that we make those projections. It doesn't mean we're necessarily going to be right, but we do use that data and it is absolutely incorporated into the projections that we have provided for this current quarter.Sanjit Singh – Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And maybe a follow-up. Maybe for next quarter and maybe even beyond, in terms of OpEx, and what is the – what are your hiring plans in terms of R&D and sales and marketing? Is there any huge initiatives coming down the pipe? And then also, CapEx expectations for next quarter and maybe –
Ken Kannappan: Well, I think a couple of comments. First, as I have said before, that some of the very largest competitive deals, we will see a lot more intensity on the part of the company and the purchasing, everyone else get a good upfront price. Clearly, we're in a situation where we think we have a distinctly better product offering. And I think the market is recognizing that and that leaves your competitor very aggressive in price. We can usually get a premium; the question is kind of how much. I think with some of the other accounts, you don't necessarily see as much competitive pressure on the front end. But we also think that downstream, as people are trying to have simple offering, one user interface and a bunch of other things that may lead to more accounts selecting a smaller number of vendors, a smaller number of products, and a greater software integration, may create greater stickiness, which may improve the margins downstream. It's also a higher mix of corded product relative to wireless, which has historically been a better margin structure for us. So there's a number of factors in play on this overall – as you see, we haven't changed our target model, which we continue to think is reasonable.Sanjit Singh – Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Ken Kannappan: I would say we have seen a fairly typical pattern. I think that if I were to nuance beyond that, I would say that Europe was slightly weaker; Asia, a little stronger on a geographic basis, and particularly Europe towards the kind of the end of the quarter. But overall, again, it was very more similar to normal patterns than anything else.
Ken Kannappan: The sell-through has been solid. I mean, there has really not been any increases that we're aware of in the channel inventories anywhere.
Ken Kannappan: Well, Marvin, thank you very much. I really appreciate everyone's attendance on our call. If you have any further questions, please give us a call, send us an email and we'll be happy to get back to you. Thanks very much.
Barbara Scherer: Well, the main area that we have had a big reduction in requirements is on Bluetooth. And I do think in great measure it's related to the fact that we went to an outsourced model. And so what we are buying are finished goods. And that you don't end up with all the mismatch in terms of the component parts. And it's just far easier to sell finished goods – I mean, sell them above cost or at cost, so that you're not ending up with the requirements. And you might recall this time a year ago, when – one, everything was kind of falling apart, and two, we were making the decision to go with the outsourcing. And it meant that we ended up with charges that were probably higher than normal as a combination of – one, the economic environment and, two, changing manufacturing, changing supply chain, et cetera. So a year ago was unusually high; but this entire year, we have really – especially since it was completed at the end of September, the transition to Gortech, we have been having very little in the way of requirements on Bluetooth.Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Barbara Scherer: Well, versus a year ago, exchange rates actually were a bit favorable. And specifically on – just looking at exchange rates and gross margin in Q1 versus Q4, those will be net unfavorable, not that big of an impact overall to operating margin, because we get some offset on operating expenses. But quite a number of the items and the improvement in gross margin are sustainable. Obviously, the work that we have done on the outsourcing is sustainable and has been – being sustained and, in fact, even picking up and a number of other changes in there. But there are other items that are going to vary quarter to quarter and such as excess and obsolete inventory, it's much more much lower overall it was a year ago, but whether it's as low as it is just in Q4 in every quarter, no, that wouldn't be typical or likely. So, several of the percentage points in there would be in the uncertain to unsustainable and others are. And then, of course, you also have mix shift every quarter as – got its own overall make-up of product type and product by geography, et cetera. And the gross margins vary on those. So that's why we kind of come back and seeing – if you're looking over a long-term period and allowing for UC market – that it will be a much bigger market and therefore likely to be more competitive than historically, we continue to feel that really our model is really the right model, which is 45 to 48. And we may be operating above parts of it for periods of time, but it puts down to the 18 to 20 points, which I think is very reasonable for us.
Barbara Scherer: Yeah. No, actually, the March quarter is typically one of the lower quarters. One, you get the holiday sell-off. And because there are resets, planning around resets that come in the spring, some – actually, you get some of the carriers and retailers wanting to work down inventories in advance of that. So it wasn't really any loading of the two products I mentioned. It was more a better sell-through and a few smaller placements that – but not big load-ins. So I would say, no, that's not a number to extrapolate, per se; that's more on the low side of a trend line.Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Okay. I guess I was going back to your comment before, Barbara, that it just came in a little bit better than you guys expected and – I was just wondering if there was –
Barbara Scherer: Well, Europe in general tends to be good and we're actually up a little on corded [ph] there, and we were – and that's when we had been thinking we would be down.Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Barbara Scherer: And maybe just to add on to that, we have described in the past what is the typical monthly pattern within the March quarter and the typical pattern is that it's slowest in the month of January, because we have that very slow Christmas and New Year's period, first week kind of business, getting back from vacation. And then it tends to pick up and get to a pretty nice rate in the month of March. And that's what Ken is referring to when he says kind of the typical seasonality within the quarter.
Barbara Scherer: Yeah. So, I mean there's just – there's no – there's certainly no issues in terms of inventories in the channel on mobile. I mean, we did have some carriers and retailers that were reducing inventories, getting ready for taking new products with the spring lineup and that was part of what we expected and that occurred, so that's keeping their inventories very fresh. Overall retail weeks on hand are really quite modest.
