Ken Kannappan: Sure. I missed one part of your comment. So if I miss anything, just came back to me. But in general, we are finding that the pilots have uniformly moved forward, in other words, I am not aware of the situation where somebody tried to pilot and decided that they did not want to go ahead with Unified Communications. There are some that certainly were the timeline has moved out and there is not eminent adoption, but there are no cases that I am aware of where they have decided not to proceed.  In terms of the impact for us, the different vendors create different adoption situations. We believe that of course in case of Microsoft where they are emphasizing a soft tone client. Generally speaking, we are seeing very high attach rates of headsets in their plant rollouts.  There are cell phone as well as hard phone choices with Microsoft and we think that the hard phone options are going to be improved. And so going forward, it’s possible that that current adoption level that we are seeing will get diminished somewhat. But we still think it will be a substantial with in adoption over where it is today.  In the case of Cisco, while theoretically, because there is a hard phone in almost all of their existing implementations, one would not expect a big increase in adoption. We are nonetheless seeing that there is some increase in adoption, partly because if you are out in a cube and you are using video or if you are using an increase in WebEx or some other application, people are using more headsets, so we do believe we are seeing some increase in adoption in those markets.  Overtime, we think that both of those solutions, vendors will begin to converge a little bit more and that there will be more pure cell phone overtime, it may in future years with Cisco as well. 
Ken Kannappan: While I think on Microsoft insulations, it’s actually proving to be conservative so far. But on Cisco, you are much closer to the existing attach rate that’s out there in the market. Although, I think it is in fact a little bit higher than that. But we don’t – we haven’t actually measured it on those specific accounts apples-to-apples with where they are before to know for sure how much lift we are getting. 
Ken Kannappan: I’ll make a couple of comments on the seasonality. One, as you know, this is a 53-week year for us and consequently it actually affects both the December quarter and the March quarter. It actually helps the December quarter which is incorporated into our projections, because the 13th week instead of being the Christmas and New Year’s week winds up being an earlier week essentially ending with Christmas. So we wind up getting a stronger week in this quarter. And of course the March quarter, although we are not projecting on it does windup with an extra week albeit it winds up with what is historically a very weak week, hopefully not confusing there in the period.  In general, of course, we definitely expect some holiday lift as even given the recession in the December quarter, yet on the consumer side of the business. On the B2B side, we think that the traditional seasonality does appear to be applying to our business, we are comparing it not just to last year, but to prior years in the shapes of the curves do seem to indicate the traditional seasonality is taking place. We hope that by the March quarter, we will – we may see some improvement due to economic cycle and due to UC adoption, although we are not at this point in time, again making any forecast for the March quarter. 
Ken Kannappan: Well, it’s kind of a grey line. Some of the products are clearly UC products. Having said that, I expect many organizations will buy UC products even if they are not using them for UC, because they will work with existing products and then your future proved against future needs, and therefore, it will be a very grey area to try to evaluate. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes exactly. In other words, you can use a savvy office with your existing telephony solution without using anything else. Of course, you can also use it with your existing PC for non-UC applications such as listening to e-training or whatever else you might want to do. Having said that, if you go to UC, it will work on those applications as well.  So if you are an IT guy, if you are saying what should I buy right now, well rather than buy something that won’t have a future use of life if I might go to UC, I might as well buy the platform to make the future proof. That in turn makes you hard for us to kind of say, this is UC revenue and we can see it is UC product, but it’s much harder to say this is UC revenue. 
Ken Kannappan: Well, not really, because on the one hand, you could do that. But on the other hand, you would not have the cost control functionality in many of the other features that are what you are trying to achieve with Unified Communications. 
Ken Kannappan: There is a higher value for a given usage. I just want to make one comment that goes to the contrary just to make sure you understand that. Some of our adoption, I mean let’s put it this way, if you have been in my shoes Paul, what you’ve been trying to do is sell more people to use headsets.  And if you are on a phone a great deal, if you had some long calls, we had a pretty good value proposition, keep your hands-free, be more comfortable, be more productive. And by the way, we give you wireless mobility. But if on the other hand, you were somebody who's on the phone five minutes a week, it is very hard to sell you a headset.  Now, if you are an IT manager and you are now providing people with headsets because they need some audio I/O that’s private and it doesn’t create noise pollution out in cubes or in open plant, and that person is only using it five minutes per day, you are not going to buy the top end of our line, you are going to buy a lower price corded-type products. So a fair chunk of this incremental volume will come at the low end of our product line. 
Ken Kannappan: Well, we don’t really define it, and that’s one of the issues on why I don’t really want to communicate it on an ongoing basis. Each company, each IT organization really sets their own terms as to what they consider to be a pilot, and those are highly variable depending upon the organization and the way they conduct things.  In general what it means is that in an isolated environment, they are trialing new software, they are trialing new hardware that works with that software just to prove out the functionality of the products with their systems and their business processes. 
Ken Kannappan: Generally speaking, we are selling the product. However, in some cases, UC vendors are providing hardware product for free to those pilot accounts as they are trialing the software in those solutions. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes, so the pilots really vary, and that’s again one of the points I was trying to make. I mean some of them have been quite largely pilots, I would say up to 500 to a 1000 people. More of them are more in that, what’s called 50 to 100 types of range and again variable in terms of time.  In terms of rollout, most organizations are not trying to do this across I mean most of these large companies which were in the early phases are not trying to do it across the whole company right away, because it’s just a massive logistics, training, everything, implantation. So I would say that these are being spaced out over a period of six months to two years in terms of these rollouts. 
Ken Kannappan: Well, I just want to be clear. We are not – it’s not that we are re-directing resources from AEG to ACG. We think that we are – I mean from a financial standpoint, we’ve operated each businesses with their own P&L management structure.  Now from a – it’s true that we have done a reorganization that we think will allows us to further optimize our investments on Unified Communications and we definitely shifted some resources towards Unified Communications where we expected better return on investment than in other areas of our total business, so that’s the bigger shift.  There are certain areas where we think we will get more bank for the buck with our new organizational structure, but really what we are trying to do is just see what are the best opportunities for us to invest within Unified Communications as this market gets real, we are seeing more opportunities for those investments in the same time, we don’t think there is a reason that we can’t grow in profitability and pace with that expense growth and deliver a kind of a responsible business. 
Ken Kannappan: There are a few touch points where we have gained efficiency from Altec and where we will be hurt a little bit, those primarily include the consumer markets that were facing to the consumer electronics type of channels where we had a consolidated position and that gave us a little bit better strength in sales as well as marketing is particularly true in Europe, where we have a little less critical mass where Altec and it certainly was in a position to begin helping us.  We had already pretty much realized that benefit in the US in this point in time that that was largely passed from an operation standpoint. On the one hand, the worse and comingled activities, on the other hand, the amount of operating leverage there is pretty much and in production it really wasn’t existing. So I don’t think it’s going to be a significant impact overall there. Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company : Okay, great. I appreciate the comments. Thank you. 
Ken Kannappan: We are not – we mentioned last quarter that we were going to stop providing that information and so consistently we haven’t, just announced that we do want to stick with it. Part of the reason is that we don’t feel at this point in time that it’s going to be as indicative of growth in the margins on both of those businesses we are converging in any event, so at this point in time, we are not intending to provide that. 
Ken Kannappan: Yes just to be clear. We had kind of separated out the two different products groups towards consumer and towards business, and there were some benefits to doing that in terms of the different cycles and the different types of requirements and processes that each had. Having said that, what we are trying to do is we are trying to win in Unified Communications. We are trying to understand the customer need in the market requirement.  And in Unified Communications, in the office, people are using Bluetooth headsets for their local professionals, they are using PC headsets, they are using traditional office headsets, they have remote workers that are working at home that are really part of that corporate infrastructure. And so we were trying to make sure that all of our solutions are optimized towards that set of requirements.  And so having separate business units for example in the consumer business, actually the business customers are fairly portion of that, and so we want – we didn’t want to sub-optimize the single most important opportunity we had by focusing on a business structure where that need might be of a minority of that particular business’s requirements.  We want to make sure that we were well aligned, we didn’t want to have the different business units have to spend time collaborating to figure out how they were going to solve a problem. We just wanted to have a simplified structure and command where we could say, Unified Communications is the number one target, we can make those decisions more quickly, we can execute more rapidly. This was not primarily about cost saving, this is about doing the things we do more efficiently for the most important opportunities. 
Ken Kannappan: Well we certainly think Plantronics is the best choice for them. I am sorry to tell you that we are not the only choice, but again we do think by far that we are the best choice. 
Ken Kannappan: The UC software guides how the calls are answered, how they are transferred, it guides the signaling. And so if you don’t have within the headset the necessary numeration, if you don’t have the right drivers and the right interface within the headset, then it won’t operate with the software. It doesn’t mean you couldn’t have audio I/O, because you could have audio I/O, but you don’t have the kind of easy solution and the productivity and benefit which is the heart and the goal of what Unified Communication is trying to provide.  It’s trying to provide really easy interface, a really complete solution, so that I can really move easily from what mode of communications whenever I can see, who’s available, who is not. And so in terms of the whole spirit and the functionality what you are trying to achieve, if you use products that aren’t operating with those systems, you are undermining the goal that people have. 
Ken Kannappan: Thanks very much, Katina. And I would just like to thank all of you for attending our conference call. If you have any further questions, we are available by phone. Appreciate it very much. 
Barbara Scherer: Yes absolutely, we are expecting – maybe not a fully normal pickup from just given this – it’s still somewhat weak, but close to full pickup in the consumer products from September to December.  And we do track inventory in the retail channels which is primarily where all the consumer products go as well as in the carrier channels and the weeks on hand look very, very normal, no indication of any strength in the September quarter it all caused by any increase in inventory. 
Barbara Scherer: So I think a great deal of what we have done is in fact sustainable and they are also some items that were more temporary in nature and some of those temporary measures have been removed and will need to be eased going forward. At the beginning of the year we had talked about a $195 million expense level and that was for the company in total.  About $175 million was for ACG and $20 million for AEG. And in the first half, we were operating at within $2 million of the $195 million level and more than a 100% of the overage was really just due to performance based comp, profit sharing for example being greater than we had planned.  And if you just look at ACG now, I think for the full year, we will probably be awfully close to $180 million with the slope on that, so that the second half is probably closer to a $186 million run rate. It’s about maybe a 6% increase from what we are looking at and with a better profitability, better outlook for UC, the pipeline, we are starting to invest a bit incrementally more into UC than we had otherwise anticipated a year ago. 
Barbara Scherer: No, it’s really done. There are – if we – we might have less than a $100,000 of restructuring expense in Q3 leftover from that. But the transfer to Vortek is complete. The plant has stopped producing. And the – and therefore, we feel very much on track with hitting the target of 20% to 25% gross margins for Bluetooth. 
Barbara Scherer: Well, we made progress from the first half of this year versus where we were and we are expecting that we can be in that range in the second half of this year, and really need to get there in the December quarter, I mean that’s a good quarter for consumer, and so that’s an important quarter to be in that range. 
Barbara Scherer: Yes, there is two types of cost reductions I talked about and I think you are referring to the one on Bluetooth. And yes, we finished all the activities that we need to do to achieve that gross margins during Q2 and that doesn’t mean that we have got all the way to the margin level in Q2, because it was a transition period with those activities are behind us, and we should be on track therefore to achieve the 20% to 25% in the second half of this fiscal year. 
Barbara Scherer: So our target range is 18% to 20% and we just have crossed through and little over the bottom end of that. So we knew and try to plan the business to operate at those levels. Not every quarter is going to be necessarily exactly in there. But if that’s the range in which we intend to operate, so it allows for incremental investment on revenue growth, and if need to plan for a flatter environment, it enables us to likely stay in that range at current levels. 
Barbara Scherer: That’s actually our estimate. That’s a good question. It is actually our estimate for the full year assuming the sale of Altec. So that should be the rate for Q3 and Q4 as well unless something else changes in the ACG business. 
Barbara Scherer: I am not updating or kind of projecting the long-term rate right now. But for this year, 26 and whether it’s flat or maybe slightly higher I will cycle back on that with all of you next quarter. 
