Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, Erik. So let me start by talking about what we saw during the first half, which really helps to understand our projections for the second half. During the first half, our performance was impacted by the channel reduction that we have been driving. And as I said in my prepared remarks, channel inventory continues to be slightly elevated, but we are almost there. What we saw also was that end-user demand was stronger than shipment, which is what really enabled us to drive these channel inventory reduction. When we think about the second half, usually, second half end-user demand is stronger than in the first half, mostly in the consumer side and driven by things like back-to-school or the holiday season sales. Now when we combine both, the fact that channel inventory will be normalized, which will help from a shipment perspective and also from a pricing perspective and we expect to see more normal demand following seasonality pre-COVID. This makes us believe that the second half will be stronger than the first half as we said during our prepared remarks.
Enrique Lores: And let me add a comment because there are always things that we could do better, but we are very pleased with the execution of the teams this quarter, both across Personal Systems and Print and this had a big impact in the results that we have posted.
Enrique Lores: And maybe add one comment from my side. We manage the businesses to drive operating profit dollar growth. This is really what we are focused, and this is where our strategies are designed for. We provide margins because we think it will help all of you modeling the business and understanding where the business is going to go, but growth in operating profit dollars is a key priority that we have as we manage the businesses.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me start by saying that we are really excited about the opportunity that this is going to bring because we really think it's an opportunity to redefine what PCs are redesigned, the value that PC brings and be a big, big driver of refresh, both in the commercial, but also in the consumer space. What we are working on is to build AI capabilities in the PC. So consumers or professionals will be able to run AI applications at the edge and will not have to run them on the cloud. The benefit this will bring is that if you're a small company and you want to use some of your private data, your confidential data to in an AI application, you will not have to upload it, you will be able to run it locally. And also there will be advantages in cost and advantages in latency. What this requires is a new architecture of PCs that combine program, processors with AI processors or GPUs. And this is the work that we are doing with the key silicon providers to make sure that their new designs are integrated into our PCs and into and really help to drive this new value. There's going to be a significant change. Customers will start seeing some of these solutions available in 2024 about 12 months, 20 months from now, and it's going to be a huge opportunity to really bring energy to the category.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So as we have said before, growing our subscription business is one of the priorities that we have. And over time, we want to offer the majority of our portfolio as a subscription. As you said, we started offering ink, we have extended into toner. We have also -- we are offering now also a paper subscription that really grew -- has been growing very fast during the last quarter. And during this year, we will start introducing the first printers as a subscription and we will start by offering that to customers that will be already in the program. We think this is really important because it enables us to capture more value per customer. We are all -- and we do that because we offer a stronger value proposition. NPS is higher in subscription models, and we really see this as an opportunity to grow and expand our businesses in the future.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So let me take that question and maybe Marie wants to complement. So from a channel inventory perspective, we expect it to be normalized in Q3 and exit Q3 we channel at normalized levels. What this will mean is especially in consumer where during the first half, including Q2, there have been significant promotional activity. This will have a positive impact on pricing since those promotions will not be necessary anymore. And as I said before, what we also expect is that end user demand toward customers will really be buying to be stronger in the second half than in the first half following normal seasonality. From a revenue perspective, what this will imply is that second half will grow versus the first half, which will have a significant impact on free cash flow, as Marie was saying before and is one of the key drivers of the free cash flow generation that we expect to see in the second half.
Enrique Lores: Sure. We have not significantly changed the expectations that we have in terms of the selling size of PC market this year. We continue to believe that it will be in the $250 million to $260 million unit range, very similar to what it was in 2019, pre-COVID. We also think that the market is going to grow beyond that. We think that the fact that the installed base is bigger than it used to be, the new applications that we see especially driven by hybrid work that requires better cameras, better audio, better systems are going to be all positive drivers. And in '24 and beyond, we expect to see growth. Specifically, what we expect to see in '24 and '25 is something that we will be -- we are working on that, and we'll be sharing the details during the next quarter.
Enrique Lores: And let me reinforce the comment that Marie just made. Operationally, we are going to be driving HOI down because as we have said before, we increased HOIs during the pandemic. We think we can operate with lower levels of HOI. But at the same time, if we see opportunities to do strategic buys or to increase the amount of product that we send by both, which has lower cost, is something that we will do even if it has implications in terms of HOI because they have both have good financial return to the company and they are both good decisions. So this is something that we manage very carefully, but if we do it, it's because we really see the economic value behind those decisions.
Enrique Lores: Yes. The impact of pricing that I was mentioning before was mostly in consumer, where we saw the need to drive more promotional activities. As we look at the second half, we expect consumer pricing to slightly improve as the situation will normalize from an inventory perspective and we expect to see stability in prices on the commercial side.
Enrique Lores: So let me talk briefly about print. I think for -- during the first -- during Q2, two things to highlight. Clearly, supplies performed better than we were expecting, and this was more driven by stronger demand on the office side. And also, actually, we saw a bigger market in the office space than we were expecting, which is really related to the previous comment. When we project and when we look at the second half, we expect Print to continue to perform at similar levels in terms of operating profit that we have seen in the first half. And some of it will be supported by stronger growth in the office side, really leveraging and being driven by the trend that I just explained.
Enrique Lores: No, no changes in our approach. I think what this shows is the need to look for opportunities to find efficiencies, especially given that the Print market, the office side is going to be smaller than what the projections were before COVID. And this is what we have been doing during the last multiple quarters. The significant part of the $1.4 billion of savings that are part of our future-ready plan will help on the Print space and really our focus is on driving growth organically when we announced last quarter that we were creating the Workforce Solutions and Services business, growing our office business, growing our office business contractually is one of the key priorities for the team and we are making good progress there.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. And let me now take an opportunity to close the call. I wanted to, first of all, thank everybody for joining today and also share that we are currently planning for our next Analyst Day event. We will provide more industry information as we close the details of the plan and we will do that as soon as we have that. So thank you, everybody, for joining. Looking forward to talk to all of you soon. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Yes. Sure, Erik, and good afternoon. So let me sort of give you a perspective first on PS and then I'll sort of flip to Print. So I mean on the PS side of the house, I'd say, first of all, definitely, we saw the strength in terms of the cost reductions, and we started our future-ready transformation program now a couple of quarters ago. And some of that was offset by demand, et cetera, and increased competitive pricing. But in addition, we actually saw very strong commercial rates as well. So all of that together helped to really contribute to the strong margin performance in PS. And frankly we expect to see that continue into the back half as well. Now as we get to the Print side of the house, I would say, you've seen very robust margins in print, and this is really driven by a few factors, everything from the portfolio, strong pricing discipline. We actually saw a really favorable pricing in the commercial side. And then once again, just like the PS side of the house, we've had the benefits of cost management coming from the future-ready transformation program that's are very much on track, Erik.
Marie Myers: Samik, I'd say we're still very much committed to long-term range of 16% to 18%. Obviously, we've seen some of the benefits as you mentioned from supply chain constraints, et cetera. And then as I mentioned earlier, with Erik, we've had the benefits of the portfolio, the pricing discipline, the cost management. I'd just add that as we sort of think around the back half and going forward, we do expect to see some continued pricing normalization. And ultimately, we supplies revenue will continue to decline, as we've said, low to mid-single digits over time. And so for those reasons, we expect that we will stay in that 16% to 18% operating range for the long-term, and it's the right range for the long-term, frankly.
Marie Myers: Yes. Maybe I'll take that one. So what we expect is that PS Q3 revenue is expected to be in the high single digits sequentially. So we're getting back to what you typically see from a seasonality perspective. And then Q4, obviously, we'll see greater volumes as Enrique pointed out, because that's our typical holiday season as well. So I think the way to think about it is we're starting to see more the normalized seasonality trends return back.
Marie Myers: Hey, Toni. Good afternoon. Good to hear from you. So maybe I'll start out with the back half of the year first. So we do expect OpEx to be up in the back half. And that's because it's going to be driving both our contribution to some of the growth and investments that we're doing in our growth areas and also in our people. But in terms of where the savings are going, they're going to both cost of sales and OpEx. And as you look at the sequential OpEx, you asked me both sequential and year-on-year. Sequentially, we did see an increase, and that was primarily due to some external funding that we had in R&D that we received in the quarter plus we had some incremental investments and we had some unfavorable currency and bad debt. And obviously that was offset by future-ready savings and expenses. But on year-on-year, you did see a decline, and that was due to expense management, the work we've done around future-ready. And last year, we did have some onetime contributions for aid relief in the Ukraine. So that's how to think about OpEx. And obviously, future-ready, we're pleased with our performance so far and we're looking at new programs as the program continues to mature. But essentially, it's both cost of sales and OpEx and we are on track to achieve the numbers that we talked about earlier.
Marie Myers: Yes. Maybe I'll start on free cash flow and then I'll go back and answer your question on OpEx. So in terms of free cash flow, Toni, let me start out by saying that, obviously, you saw results in the quarter and certainly they're better than expected. But as you know, Enrique commented here a moment ago, the sequential growth in Personal Systems is really driven by that negative cash conversion cycle. And that's a very important factor as we think about the second half. And obviously, this is going to drive a material improvement in CCC in terms of the actual business mix. And as Enrique said, just with the second half, PS will have a substantially stronger Q3 and then ensuing Q4, and that will obviously drive the cash flow as well. And I'll just might add, as I said in the last quarter and I think in the prepared remarks, we're also looking at capacity for strategic buys and shipments. So we're going to make sure that if we may not see a material improvement in inventory just due to that. Now in terms of OpEx itself, we do expect to see an increase in the second half. As I mentioned earlier, Toni, some of that's because we're investing in some of the growth initiatives from our future-ready savings and some of it is the investment we're making in people. But just a reminder that year-on-year, we still expect OpEx to be down. But if you think about the back half of last year, we did take some fairly significant actions. So just keep that in mind when you think about the back half compares as well.
Marie Myers: Yeah, hey, Wamsi, it's Marie. So look, I think as we said last quarter that basically, look, even though we're focused on driving inventory declines operationally, we said we'd take advantage of strategic buys and frankly, lower the ships where it made economic sense. And so we have continued to do so, and we will continue to do that in the back half of the year. And I think then your second part of your question was around commodities and what the outlook is on commodities. And so I just said for PS, we do expect to see declines sequentially into Q3. Q4, slightly different situation because we expect, as Enrique said earlier, there's going to be a bit of a demand recovery. And plus coupled with some of the comments you're seeing from commodity suppliers that's potentially scaling back on production, that's likely to result in some price increases in the basket of commodities. So that's how we're looking at commodities in terms of the back half of the year.
Marie Myers: And I'll just add to Enrique's comments that all of that is reflected in our guide as well too, Wamsi.
Marie Myers: Yes. And I'd say just from a guide perspective, if you look at PS, our Q3 op margin is in the range of 5% to 7%. So it would incorporate what Enrique said and plus just to reiterate that we see very strong commercial margin rates right now, too, as well.
Marie Myers: And I'll just add with respect to the margin ranges that we also expect to see the continued impact of cost management from our transformation costs as well in terms of supporting the margin outlook.
Marie Myers: No, great question, and thanks for asking. And you're absolutely spot on. We do expect that our leverage should trend down through the back half of the year. And to your point, based on the real strong cash flow that we're going to have, we expect that we will actually have room and actually repurchase shares in Q4. So you're absolutely spot on. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Yes. So maybe I'll take the second half of the year and then flip to the op margin question. So look, the PS revenues expect to be high single-digits going into Q3. And then think about the back half as being seasonally stronger and lining up more with normal seasonality. So from an op margin perspective, let me quickly go there. So just to clarify, Q3, we expect to be in the mid of the 5% to 7% long-term range, the year in the range. And then as you go to Q3 to Q4, just bear in mind that we're going to have the benefit of commodity cost reductions, cost management, better volumes, impact of future ready and then we're going to have stronger Q4 volumes, much stronger than Q3 and all of that will help to drive the op margin in Q4. So hopefully then that gives you sort of some context that combined with what I mentioned earlier around the strong commercial margin rates as well. So all of that combined will contribute to the strength that we're expecting to see in Q4. And then in terms of just the PS rate being solidly in the long-term range in the year.
Marie Myers: So the high end of the guide, basically, it reflects that -- you saw we took $0.10 off. Originally, we had the high end actually representing the macro. So the high end today just reflects the range of scenarios that we have. And look at as always, it's a prudent guide. If we can do better, we absolutely will. Like I said earlier, I think to, Amit, we do expect we'll have capacity in Q4 based on the strong free cash flow, and that's when we would expect to buy back shares.
