Pamela J. Strayer: Sure. I'm going to handle that question. So first, if you take a look at our Enterprise numbers, we expect that they're going to be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. But if you look at the UC portion of that, that is a pretty growth rate from UC numbers in Q1 of the prior year. On consumer side, Q3 is typically our high watermark for consumer revenues because of the holidays. So that is also baked in to our guidance numbers.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes, so to break it out, I mean, as we've disclosed in the past, we've got $2 million benefits that we're recording in Q2, really, every quarter this year. So there's a $2 million benefit there. There's a new lawsuit that was settled, which adds another $2 million to that. So we've got roughly $4 million, $4.2 million in benefits. If you take those out, our base level of operating expenditures, we're expecting to be up about $2 million from Q1. So we're expecting about $73 million before GN expenses and before the litigation benefit. That increase, quarter-to-quarter, is going to be due primarily to merit increases that kick in, in the second quarter for the full quarter.
Pamela J. Strayer: Right. So yes, okay, to clarify, we did mention earlier, we've got gains of $2 million in Q1, $2 million in Q2, and then roughly, $1.6 million in each quarter, Q3 and Q4, related to the settlement that was announced earlier this year. So those are still coming.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So I'd say, in the short to mid term, probably not a lot. We did have lower than what we expect is normal E&O charge, so I would expect that to go back up a little bit next quarter. We'll continue to see some benefit from the lower component cost. But I wouldn't expect any -- another step up from that. So in modeling our gross margin for next quarter, I would call it roughly flat to what we're doing this quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Let me just kind of address part of your question, I think, may have been about kind of the long-cycle build. And we're still believing that. I think that the total ecosystem deployments out there, a significant quantity, are still on IM and presence, with Voice yet to be deployed. In addition to which we have a significant number of companies that are moving forward with pilots proof of concepts, other stages in the process, that we think are going to come on stream, not in the current quarter, and most of it, starting in, even in the next calendar year. So we continue to believe that we're looking at a very significant growth opportunity going forward.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Let's put it this way. If we're saying that, is the growth going to suddenly accelerate at this point, my answer would be not yet. I think that we are going to see growth, but I don't think we've yet hit the point that there's a real change in that growth rate in a positive way.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, honestly, I still think that we are roundabout the first couple of batters in the game. I mean, the fact of the matter is, that most organizations are not using voice UC at this point in time. And I think this is evolving towards heavy soft client voice usage overall. So we've got, my guess is, around 5% or so of knowledge workers' tops using voice UC at this point in time. So there's a tremendous 20x relative to where we are growth. Now again, that's -- some of that's going to take quite some time to adopt. But I think we're going to see the beginning of more substantive [ph] growth over the next 2, 3 years. And I expect to see some of that beginning next year. And then, in the meantime, I think we'll still grow.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So that was my comment, and to be clear, we do have a component in that product. It's an advanced product in a number of ways. And I don't want to identify the component at this point in time, but suffice to say that there is a, unfortunately, a very, very long lead time for that supplier to add capacity. We don't, at this point in time, see an effective alternative to supplement that capacity. And so, we rather quickly ramped beyond their expectations and a little bit beyond our expectations on the product. And so, unfortunately, that is where we'll be for some period.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I'm a little reluctant to comment on their businesses. I think that, that's something I should let them do and third-party analysts primarily do. Suffice to say that they are both very important partners for us, and we're continuing to see good business and good partnership with both of them.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So the trick is we really don't think about backlog the way you do, and let me just kind of explain what I mean by that. At any moment in time, we will have a tiny amount of backlog because customers, typically they don't order from us, they order from typically an SI who's ordering from a distributor who's placing orders on us, and it's all turning very, very quickly. We don't deal with a lot of formal backlog. Now we do have project pipelines that we track for our customers, where they are indicating what the size of their rollout is, what their planned deployment timelines are. Sometimes, we know roughly how much we all get. Often, we don't. Often, they have our products and competitive products on internal websites and people will just select what they want, and we don't necessarily know what's coming to us or the exact timing of it. But even with all of that, I mean, frankly, it's not necessarily accurate. Now, that's definitely not formal backlog. Although, over time, it does turn into business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so -- I mean, companies don't deploy this without an intention to go corporate wide. Having said that, if it's a large company, the ordinary path on that is it does tend to be business unit by business unit. Now it's -- and even within the business units, it's kind of geography by geography. You can understand how that works. If you're in a particular location, it always turns out the surprising amount of communication is with the other people that you work with in a very local manner and the IM tool, and of course, the peer-to-peer voice tools, work very well and people gravitate to them very quickly, the click to call, the conferencing, all that type of stuff. So for a large company, you will always see that pattern go division by division. It's just too monstrous for a huge organization with, say, several hundred thousand people to do a cold turkey, full corporate changeover, it does not ever going to happen that way.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. I mean, first of all, the markets are only so discrete, by which I mean that the Bluetooth stereo market has a very adjacent market of corded solutions that people often do use with those products. A little less so on the mono side, where the category of corded products has largely evaporated. So it's just worth having that as context. So relative to the Bluetooth-only portion of the stereo market, it is clearly smaller than the Mono market today, but it is growing much more rapidly. And it will become, at some point in time, most likely, larger than the Mono category, if these current trends continue. We also expect over time, that it will pick up a larger portion of that corded stereo market.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. I really would tell you that I think that it is primarily a function of the year-ago period having been strong, relative to some kind of pent-up upgrade cycles coming out of the recession, as well as some timing issues that just happened to fall that quarter, relative to both deployments and distributors' activities. So that, in my mind, is the primary explanation.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: I think that it's -- at least in my mind, it's -- portions of Europe were, such as the U.K., were experiencing some rebound in economic conditions that allowed for a little bit more replacement of cycle activity. And in some portions where we had a little bit of pickup, I think there is, again, this little bit of pent-up demands are there.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: You know, I mean, we, frankly, are a little bit high, particularly given the higher mix of consumer that we have expected. Having said that, we have continually found opportunities to reduce cost, and those models are based upon our belief of what is long-term structural sustainable. But they're not slavish things that we are necessarily going to operate on, and we're always trying in every area of the company to do better. So that's what we think is long-term sustainable. But it's not that it's necessarily there's anything that's going to change the dynamic immediately.
