Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. So I'll answer that one, John. Basically, we took the model out to calendar '16, and the UC portion is that -- $900 million for that year. It's a -- that was up from an estimate of $850 million for calendar '15. In 2016, we're expecting to get to a total attach rate against the worldwide office worker market of -- there's about 440 million office workers worldwide. We're expecting to be at an attach rate of approximately 11%. That's traditional and UC, and that would compare to 4% last year. On the UC piece of that, in terms of coming to that $900 million market for UC, we're looking at approximately 52% headset adoption against an estimated $73 million active UC voice licenses. In the past, when we've been projecting out, we've been looking at a bit lower headset adoption. And you may recall that Microsoft, at least, has been on record of talking about seeing somewhere between 50% and 100% adoption at sites that have installed Lync. So with the $900 million in UC out there, if our market share is somewhere in the 45% to 50% range, we should be north of $350 million in revenues from UC in that time period. So it's really very consistent with where we've been. We've had about $350 million as the target for calendar '15. And we believe calendar '16, we should be north of that.
Barbara V. Scherer: I don't want to provide an actual quantitative number for growth for the full year. We believe doing quarterly guidance is appropriate. But I did want to make it clear that we do have a plan that management has signed up for that, includes top line growth, operating income growth and EPS growth. Obviously, the environment is not terrific, so we're not expecting significant growth. But we are expecting growth in all 3 areas.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. We have been, and I think we will generally continue to operate at about these levels, let's say, with quarterly fluctuations probably over the course of this coming fiscal year as well. Another market that we didn't really talk to a change in view, but we did get updated information from strategy analytics on the mobile market, and the outlook for growth in the global market for bluetooth headsets for mobile applications is weaker than it has been estimated to be in the past. So the CAGR on that has dropped about 2% to 4%, with stereo expected to grow fast and mono expected to decline. This is over a 5-year projected time horizon. And should that play out, well I think we still have some terrific opportunities in front of us to gain share, particularly internationally in mobile. It doesn't create pressure from -- on a gross margin percentage, I'm not talking about gross profit but a gross margin percentage, it doesn't create the pressure from very fast-growing mobile market. And our margins in all of OCC, so traditional corded, wireless, UC, all continue to be very, very good. And we are working hard to add value to those products and help maintain the margin. Our cost structure is excellent. Our ops team has been doing a number of things to take costs out. So for the -- for 12 months or so, pretty confident that our gross margins should be reasonably in this range that we're at.
Barbara V. Scherer: Probably just going to add that I think what's different about Asia-Pac than EMEA is that what's been happening is that the growth rates are slowing some or dropping to low end of expectations versus higher numbers that had been out there even 3, 4 months ago. So you're still in a growth environment, not with 11 countries in recession, obviously very different sizes. And in EMEA, it makes it a big difference. But the change in a growth rate can definitely affect business. And then we also had the very early Chinese New Year. And so February itself was also just really slow, and didn't have the level of recovery that we would -- thinking in March. But we have, in fact, seen a very strong level of bookings quarter-to-date out of Asia-Pac. So we're reasonably optimistic that it should recover, and we have built a recovery into the guidance.
Barbara V. Scherer: Well, so we've got a range in there that allows for growth in OCC. But we could also end up being pretty flat in OCC, and we could end up with a little upside on mobile. So it is a -- it's not really clear where the winning segment would be, but leaning more toward OCC than mobile.
Barbara V. Scherer: We do expect operating expenses to be up sequentially to about $61 million. That does include the $0.5 million for the severance charge that I talked about for the 14 people whose positions we need to eliminate here, and it does include a pretty big spike for sales-related travel. This is a quarter where we have quite a number of activities related to our sales team and our channels, channel partners around the world in terms of getting aligned on the plan of products. We have some exciting launches that are coming up this quarter. So there is a spend increase as well.
Barbara V. Scherer: Not -- I mean -- it's not that large of an increase. I mean it's in a -- it'll -- I really don't want to give a full year OpEx view. We obviously have an OpEx plan, but it is subject to increase or decrease based on the overall conditions.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: We don't believe it has. We've discussed cannibalization a number of times. And of course, there is a very, very tiny impact when we sell a UC that we won't sell somebody from a traditional product portfolio. But I'll just kind of reiterate the math for everyone else for a second, John. If we had a big customer, and they had 100,000 people that were in the knowledge worker space, it would've been reasonable to assume on a kind of a global distribution that we might have perhaps 7,000 headsets there, and realistically might sell them 1,400 headsets in a year, almost 100 a month. If there was a major UC installation, it's possible we would sell 50,000 or 60,000 headsets that companies spread out over the course of what is realistically a couple of year timeframe, or phrased differently, a much higher level of units per month nearly 5x. Now that at the same time, might mean that we do forego that 100. But this is, again, for those enterprises that have actually adopted UC. Right now, we see that as being in the, let's just call it, 2%-or-so of the market. So the impact is pretty slight there. We don't believe in all the data that confirms that we're having any market share loss to our competition. So we really think that it's economic factors. And I think that what we've seen from the published data is that the levels of voluntary turnover have not risen back in this recession. And this is something that's affecting economies globally, where the level of fear, unfortunately, has not really gone down. In fact, perhaps, it's even risen a little bit in some economies as concerns over a double-dip have increased. And that voluntary turnover is a core factor for what drives the cyclical element of our traditional business. When somebody leaves, they wind up going to a new company, and both their replacement gets a new headset. And where they go, they don't expect to get somebody else's used headset. So it drives a significant portion of our business. All the data suggest that we haven't gotten to that point of robustness in the labor market yet to see any bounce.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: We haven't pushed it out. But I once -- tried to make 2 points there. The first one being that when we set up that chart, some people were wondering, and particularly as time has passed, what happens after 2015, and we think we just start to really hit the early majority at that point in time, and that the acceleration begins to get sharper. And we've begun hearing that more and more from partners and from customers and from others in terms of what their expectations were. We've been trying to get market research data that will illuminate that point, so that it can just become a little bit clearer because all the forecasts we had were through 2015. We're not changing our model on 2015. I did note that at this point in time, we have seen some of the deployments, that we talked about before, be a little bit slower than we thought. So any forecast and certainly for 2015 is not a perfect level of precision. If anything, I think therefore, we're probably a little bit light. But I don't think that it's way off, and it's within the range of reason. And earlier, in fact, we thought we're a little bit ahead. So I think it's a forecast we still think is reasonable, if slightly high. But the purpose again was really to talk about that we think that there's a pretty good chance that the pace of UC will accelerate in the back half of the decade.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so let me talk secular and cyclical for a second. So I can start with cyclical. The business is definitely affected by economic activity. And if we see a recovery, we would consider that to be good for the business. And likewise, if we see some kind of double-dip or if we see places where there are double-dips, that will be negative for the business in those regions. We -- I certainly don't consider ourselves better forecasters than all of you experts on Wall Street. And so I would say that your own forecasts for economic activity are probably as good as ours. We really, frankly, use yours as a general guidance. What we generally see out there is still an expectation that global GDP will be positive. And so we are still basing our expectations on that, although we've recognized that in some areas that it has been negative, and it may continue to be negative in the near term. Nonetheless, for the fiscal year as a whole, we are expecting a positive global GDP. And therefore, as Barbara said, we are expecting growth in that. Within the narrower kind of -- well, within that business, let me just kind of talk for a second, the enterprise business continues to have a secular growth rate that is, generally speaking, overall higher. That's of course heavily influenced by the growth in Unified Communications. The contact center is a more mature market, particularly in the developed economies, but we are still seeing growth in emerging markets. So overall, our expectations over the next 5 years or so are that we'd see a 13%, 14% compound annual growth rate in the coming year, again, heavily influenced by economic conditions outside of the UC market where we would be surprised if it didn't grow even if the economic conditions were quite adverse.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So we've not seen a change to our sales cycle. And our business may be different than theirs, so I don't want to comment on theirs. We've commented before that the sales cycle has been fairly consistent, and the deployment cycle is actually where we see this stretch out in terms of the activity and sometimes perhaps even influenced by economic activity. We believe that we are going to see some downward migration from enterprise into mid-sized corporations, where generally speaking, the sales cycle, if anything, seems to be a little bit faster. So we are not seeing a slowdown in the sales cycle.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, there's a lot happening of course. And our relationships with all of our partners, we think, are extremely strong. And if anything, I would say getting yet stronger. I mean part of what I talked about with contextual intelligence, although I didn't name any partners by name, is how we add value to their system. And this is very unique. This is very differentiated. And they've come to realize that this is invaluable. I mean it's just kind of like with all those search guys, why they are desperate to know more information about you, so you can get more relevance back to the individual. It's the same thing for communication systems. If you're not on their system or using a device attached to it, they are blind as to what's happening, and they are desperate to add more value themselves. So we're in a really good position to do that. And they're very, very appreciative of that innovation. In addition to -- a lot of the other things that we do is a great partner for them. So the relationships are going well across the board: sales, marketing, technical, et cetera. I feel very good about where we are. There wasn't a monumental item that I needed to announce in connection to it, so I was really focusing on the core strategy and the growth opportunity rather than the partnerships, but they're all good.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. So 2 points on the attach rate. First, as it relates to enterprise, of course, it doesn't move very much in the period, so the big change there is really the replacement rate. As it relates to UC, which is of course part of enterprise, we don't think that there's any real change in attach rate. And actually, we did still see growth in the UC part of the business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so the only thing about that is you can argue that there might have been some. But the truth is, there's always some deal pushouts at any point in time. I don't think that there was a big impact that was negative on the quarter from deal pushouts. The primary impact in the quarter, in my mind, was weaker economic conditions that affected us in some places. And of course, we also had the bankruptcy with one particular channel partner. Those were, I think, the main things.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so I just want to say, what we've seen also in some of these geographies is a greater level of volatility. I mentioned this in the past. We've seen this for some time where, whether it's induced by emotional states or comes from the business, we've seen for some time that our bookings, which used to be very, very linear and steady have now become more volatile. And so both up and both -- and down. People are reacting more quickly to changes in what they see as their outlook with changes in their business investments, their hiring inventory levels, all different types of things. So that's -- let me say that. I think Barbara is going to add to the point.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Let me comment on that rather than Barbara because although she's familiar and intimately involved, I'm actually also very much involved in the recruiting process. So we don't have a timeframe. But I would say that we believe that we have found a number of qualified candidates that seem to be interested in Plantronics, and we do expect that we will be able to fill that position with somebody. We don't see a need to rush it. Barbara has been gracious enough and agreed to stay until we find someone and help them get up to speed and onboard. So that's all I got to add on right now.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: If you will, UC is going to become a larger part of the business and fill up the adoption curve. At the same time, we expect eventually, we will see some cyclical recovery in the traditional OCC business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So to answer the second question is real simple, and the answer is yes. The answer to the first question, somewhere, we actually have an exact number. I don't remember what it is off the cuff. I will tell you that we are on virtually every major softphone platform right now with compatibility. There are some smaller and/or regional ones where we're not there yet.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. That's typically a part of the sale, okay? So people are using that in order to deploy the software that we're providing them.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: All right. I'd just like to thank all of you for joining us on the conference call. Of course, we're all available if you have any additional questions or you would like to follow up. And most of the information is also available on our website. Thank you very much.
