Barbara V. Scherer: Right. So we do have more -- so UC revenues are very profitable. As you know and they're around corporate average, but they are lower than traditional OCC and year-over-year, the OCC revenue growth was actually more than 100% from UC. So that had some impact. And then our margins on our mobile products in Q3, this year, were actually a bit lower than they were in Q3 last year.
Barbara V. Scherer: John, this is Barbara. I just wanted to come back and say, I have looked at the margin change Q3 to Q3, and the larger effect was mobile and the OCC effect was smaller.
Barbara V. Scherer: No, we generally just commented. And I'd say right now UC has been growing, and in fact, it's accounting last quarter from more than 100% of the growth, and UC continues to look strong and, perhaps, able to buck these macro trends which are putting a little pressure on the traditional OCC side right now.
Barbara V. Scherer: And John, just one thing. Of our total cash, cash equivalents, short- and long-term investments, so that adds up to the $359.5 million. And as of the end of the quarter, just $15.1 million was domestic. So all the rest is international and the line of credit was up to $39.5 million, and that's domestic-based borrowing. So as of the end of the quarter, we're actually in a net negative cash position domestically, if you take the domestic cash less the line of credit. So we really have been deploying the domestic cash flow, the excess domestic cash and some net borrowings all towards stock repurchase over this last year, and are intending to finish that commitment by the end of the current fiscal year.
Barbara V. Scherer: Relatively similar. Obviously, we have a higher tax rate in the U.S. We have a much lower tax rate internationally. So it doesn't just map with the percent revenues because of the -- some of the higher expenses that we have here and then the higher tax rate. So it's a lower percent income than the revenue split for domestic.
Barbara V. Scherer: Joanna, I just want to check your kind of statement about the third quarter of decline. So we did $132 million in Q4 last year, $131 million in Q1, so down $1 million, net of $136.4 million in Q2. So it's a sequential increase, and then we did $133.3 million. So it was just one quarter that was down there.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. So we did see it both in OCC and in the consumer lines. And within OCC, some very nice strength on the cordless side. And from a channel point of view, no evidence of any channel build up. So frankly, it was surprising that Europe was a bit stronger and the Americas was a bit weaker. In terms of overall level of confidence, I guess I'll just go back to our remarks -- we are cautious about the macro environment and we are cautious about how that may play out into the March quarter, which is why the guidance incorporates OCC, basically globally flat to up a few percent. But historically in good economic environments, this is typically the best sequential quarter for OCC as many companies have new budgets and -- typically the March quarter has really set the pace. But this quarter, we think there's some macro overhangs that are unlikely to make that the case.
Barbara V. Scherer: Well, so I just said that we're looking at 43.2 million average for the quarter. So we are planning to retire the rest of them through open market. But that last bit, I mean it will fluctuate with the final trading up to that point, but it's probably around 400,000 shares.
Barbara V. Scherer: Well, it's still -- it has gross margins in the mid-20s. That's about where it's been. We don't do fully loaded P&Ls, I mean there's a lot of commonality between the mobile products. And frankly, some of our OCC products -- when you start getting into mobile professionals and all the ways they work -- there a lot of -- it's not a leverage in certain parts of the category, but we see that category having growth potential out over the year, especially the -- some of the-- sorry, actually for a moment there, I thought about the stereo side. On the other part of our consumer business, which is the PC headsets, but there is good growth opportunity we believe in mobile. And we expect to be continuing to grow with the market, now that our share is stabilized and we've reinvested in the category this year. And we cut back 2 years ago, and then we picked up the level of investment this year, and we saw the shares stabilize from September quarter to December quarter. So we're expecting to grow most likely with the market at this point.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So in the last quarter, we have, in my mind, a reasonably typical pattern after our call. A typical pattern in the December quarter involves a fairly strong October, it involves a pretty good November and December up until we kind of hit just before Christmas. And then for us it's a very weak Christmas to New Year. I mentioned in the call, we had a little volatility. Before the call, we had one week that was not very strong. But when I look at the quarter as a whole, it really did follow overall a reasonably typical pattern.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, in the March quarter we normally start out with a very weak beginning of January, with the gradual build during the quarter to a very strong March.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Not really, but you remind me of one point I want to mention. So as long as I got your question again, I want to say that for UC we are unsure yet what the seasonality will be. Many of those rollouts may not follow normal seasonal patterns and as it becomes a larger percentage of our business, that's a factor that affects our view towards results and to how we extrapolate them, so I just kind of want to mention that. Back to your -- the question you actually asked me, we haven't seen any significant changes in our mind. I would say that we continue to see significant price competition of the larger deals. But I think that overall, the business and our assumptions remain very similar to what we've said in the past.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, the attach rate has remained above the expectations that we originally communicated in our model.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, let me comment on that. The reality is that, that's very much a Board decision, and we expect that for the current fiscal year no such consideration will be made. I think we've already announced we declared a dividend in the current quarter...
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Unchanged. And that was part of the game plan that the Board had. We did a large repurchase and that was going to deplete the cash a little bit, beyond depleting the domestic cash in the current fiscal year. So I think that those things will be discussed with the Board and the plan for the next fiscal year is yet to be decided and communicated.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So let me try to comment on that for a second. So I think that to your general point, clearly we have seen UC growth. We don't believe that the business is cannibalizing the traditional OCC business, but we do believe that the traditional OCC business has been hit by macroeconomic factors. In the most recent quarter, there was some weakness in financial services and some other sectors, including government. And so we think that those factors and how the economy plays are a little bit difficult to predict. We've attempted to do our best incorporating both our assumptions for UC as well as the rest of the business in our guidance for the upcoming quarter. We continue to see that the business is very healthy over the long term, but does have cyclical impact from the economy.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So let me hit the 2 points separately. First, we absolutely are seeing a general trend of what I would call both bring your own device, BYOD, as well as consumerization of IT, the 2 are similar and interrelated. And we have not seen that in general. Some of the new offerings have been well received in the traditional market, but let me kind of take those through. So first, in terms of BYOD, this started out with -- and it's not necessarily in relation to price point but in relation to preference, people working on various different environments, people decide that they prefer to use an iPhone, they bring it into work and IT, at the end of the day, can't say we're not supporting these devices because these are professionals trying to get things done, and you have to figure out how you're going to try to accommodate them. These are people deciding that they prefer Macs for a variety of reasons. They want to use iPads. They want to use a variety of different devices and tools that they're comfortable with, that they're using for their home, as well as for their work life. And you get companies giving people certain provisioning basket of funds that they can use to outfit their various equipment requirements, where they use it at home or in the work. So we're seeing IT beginning to embrace this. And as a result, IT having great concern that people like us, for example, are going to be able to inter-operate with any device no matter what it is that's in the system. And fortunately, we've been ahead of this curve, and we're in very good shape to support what IT wants us to do in this in role in order to accommodate this. But it also includes our own devices, which can of course be bought in a consumer version, not necessarily as integrated as a business version, but we've seen greater overlap. So we've seen our -- we've talked about the Voyager PRO, which started out with the UC version, and then we came out up with the HD version for our consumers which has still got the sensors in it. It still has a lot of that other capability in the product and the platform. From a consumerization perspective, this is about, in part, even when it is still being provided by IT, IT being very sensitive to the fact that people want products that look cool, that are a pleasure to work with, that are intuitive, that are simple, that maybe even look nice and so forth. And so very often, they have user groups that are involved in selecting products. And in the case of headsets, that includes headsets where they may have a different user group with -- that's not just composed of motivated heavy users, but it's composed of a bigger cross-section in the company, trying to say, what is it the people like and want to use. I think from a standpoint of competitive offerings, these trends as you can understand -- on the one hand, sure, there can be lower-priced products out there. But on the other hand, people still want good products that work well, okay. And very frequently, just because you have those trends, it doesn't necessarily mean that the consumer is paying the bill from the standpoint of a price-sensitivity standpoint. And so, can we have that? Yes. I think that the bigger price pressure we've got is actually the large bid business at the bottom end of the UC market of people who are not using the products frequently rather than from this. Some of the more recent offerings that were kind of designed to be just lower price have been, generally speaking at least at this point of time, not very well accepted because they're offering actually a fairly poor user experience rather than good one.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So what we mentioned was that there were a few deals that had moved out in time. And I would say that it's -- how can I phrase this exactly? This is more like a shift in quantity. So actually we did get some of that revenue, in fact, in the December quarter, we think they will continue to occur in the March quarter and continue to be spread out. In addition, as you understand, as other deals coming in, we've -- and some of these are not really macro economic related delays, and we have a continued pattern of people thinking that they're going to do these faster than they actually wind up doing them. And so the answer is, I think while there was some macroeconomic factor behind some of that delay, in general, the biggest factor behind the delays of the UC rollouts tend to be internal issues, and the bigger swing on macroeconomic has been in our non-UC part of the OCC business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So actually, we've seen all types of distributors have success with the UC business. To be sure, some of the ones that are more focused in IT-types of channels, that was kind of already a fit, but we've definitely seen some of our traditional distributors embrace UC and do very well with it.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Shannon, thank you very much, and thank you all for taking the time to listen to the call. And if you have any further questions, of course, we're available.
