Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you. Let me start with desktops and actually same happened with workstations. The growth this quarter is really helped from an easy compare last year. If you remember last year, not many companies were investing in equipment for the office. This drove the sales of desktops and workstations down. And now we are seeing the opposite effect as some of this investment is coming back. I think on the overall PC market, the important thing to have in mind is the strength of the demand on the commercial side. We are seeing this across the board, across all geographies, and this is especially true on high configurations given the new use models that PCs are going to have. And this is why even if for the year, going now to the second part of your question, we expect the overall PC market in terms of units to decline slightly. This is very similar to what other analysts and other companies have shared. From a revenue perspective, we see growth really driven by mix as commercial will become bigger, premium categories within commercial will be bigger. And also as premium consumer and gaming will become a more relevant part of the market.
Enrique Lores: We have said in the past, our medium-term plan is to continue to reduce own inventory. We think we have an opportunity there. And with the component situation getting better, we really think that this is going to be our plan during the next quarter.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So thank you. So as we said in the prepared remarks, commercial backlog, commercial PC backlog and especially commercial continues to be elevated. Our plan is to reduce that during the coming quarters, and we will continue to improve the situation from a supply chain perspective. And by the end of the year or early next year, should be -- we should be done with that.
Enrique Lores: And in terms of your comment about mix, mix has also a significant impact on pricing. And really, when we -- you need to think about mix, you need to think about the new use models for PCs. PCs are more-and-more used as communication tools, which means customers need more memory, better cameras, better audio. And this is really driving demand towards the richer categories and the more premium products and is really having a significant impact on the overall price -- on pricing.
Enrique Lores: Yeah. So the performance of the Print business this quarter was really driven by supply. We continue to see demand significantly above supply. And in supply, we are impacted mostly by component availability. And therefore, our focus was on really profit optimization through pricing, through allocation of units. And this is why profitability this quarter was so strong. As we shared before, we expect the supply situation to improve through the end of the year. And as we -- this will happen we also expect that pricing will be normalized, as Marie just explained.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So, as I commented before, Toni, we saw a reduction of backlog Q2 -- Q1 to Q2, visibly driven by the ability to ship some of the units at the -- and increase some of the volumes in some specific areas. As we look out through the end of the year, we expect the supply situation to improve, and therefore, we expect to continue to reduce backlog in the rest of the year. In the case of print, we continue to operate also with a high level of backlog. The reduction there was smaller. And we expect that we will be able to start reducing that more significantly in the Q4 timeframe, which is where we have visibility of some of the actions we have taken in supply chain to take more impact.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So, the comment about growing backlog is more a second half quarter – a second half comment. Specifically, in Q3 we have identified a very specific problem with one of our PC component supplier that is, having some special issues on yield in one other factory. This is going to be impacting our shipments in Q3 for PC. We have line of sight for this to be recovered in Q4. And this is why from a seasonality perspective, revenue in Personal Systems in PC in Q3 will be below Q2. And again, the backlog coming in a second half comment, not a quarter-over-quarter comment. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Probably the best way to answer, Erik, is to go back to the guidance we provided in our Investor Day in October, where we share, what is our perspective for both businesses. In the case of Personal Systems, we expect margins to be between 5% and 7% going forward. We raised that in October from what we had before to reflect, especially the impact of the cost activities that we have put in place, and also the focus that we had in higher margin categories. And I like to remind you that several of our growth areas like gaming, peripheral and services in the case of PC will help us to sustain these higher margins. In the case of print, our margins -- our projection is that margins will stay in the 16% to 18% range. And again, our long-term strategy is really focused on those categories where we think we can drive both growth and sustainable margins. While at the same time, we expect that some of the pricing benefits we have experienced during the last two years will fade over time.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you. We are very pleased with the program that we are doing in the pivot of the business model. We shared today that today, in Q2, around 48% of the units are either what we call profit upfront, so customers get a printer and the ink or toner when they get the unit or HP+ unit. So this gives you an idea of the progress that we have made in the last two years, and we expect this percentage to continue to increase as the adoption for HP plants will continue to grow. Another important element of our strategy is the growth of our subscription model. And also, we shared today that in Q2 that business both from subscribers and from a revenue perspective, we grew double digit. So this also shows the momentum that we have in that part of the company.
Enrique Lores: Yeah. Thank you, Jim. So the exposure -- the size of the overall Chromebook business is relatively small in our Personal Systems business. It lends 10% from a revenue perspective and much smaller from an operating profit or margin perspective. So the exposure that we have is relatively small. Shipments of Chromebook this quarter were also small. So this shows that we can really perform in a very strong way of Personal Systems even in there, we have very small Chromebook market. What we have seen during this year, and we started to see it a few quarters ago, and we have talked about this before is a significant slowdown of the Chromebook business in the US in the education segment, we are starting to see some signs of recovery, but the market has continued to be significantly below where it was a year ago.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Ananda. So the answer is not yet. We haven't -- we continue to see strong demand on the commercial side. We have a strong funnel. So we don't see any signals of weakening of the demand on the commercial side. And this is one of the key drivers of the guide that we have provided for the rest of the year.
Enrique Lores: Yeah. So two things. One is, from a unit perspective, we expect this year to see a small decline from where the market was in 2021, but to stay at a very elevated level compared to 2019. In terms of units, we expect the market to be in the 320 million, 330 million units in line with what many of the analysts and other companies have published. From a revenue perspective, though, we expect to see growth. We expect the market to grow in the 3% to 4%, really driven by many of the things we have been discussing today, mix between consumer and commercial and a mixed shift towards more premium units in both segments. And that's really what is driving the growth that we expect to see in Personal Systems through the rest of the year.
Enrique Lores: Well, I think the demand of both is fairly independent. We -- because of -- as I mentioned before, because of US model in commercial consumer customers need higher and better configurations because of a growth in gaming we see growth in that category, which in general has also higher average selling prices and this is driving the demand of this category. We continue to have a very strong glowing portfolio and if we see more demand on that side, we will be happy to serve it, but at this point, we really see demand on the more premium categories both in commercial and in consumer.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Marie, and thank you, everybody, for your questions today and for joining the call. I think the first six months of fiscal year 2022 show that our business continues to perform well and that we are entering the second half from a position of strength. I want to especially highlight the performance that we have had in our growth businesses. As I said at the beginning of the call, they represented $5.6 billion of business, well on track to deliver on the $10 billion goal that we shared with all of you in October. At the same time, we really show this gives us strong confidence as we enter in the second half. This is why we decided to raise our EPS guide for the year to reflect that confidence and we are really well positioned to deliver sustained revenue, operating profit, EPS and free cash flow. So really, thank you for joining today and looking forward to continue to speak to all of you soon. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Sure, and good afternoon, Christian, and thanks for your question. So from a sequential perspective, our inventory actually declined, and that was due to in-transit offset by higher commodity costs due to supply constraints. Now in terms of both print and PS, a couple of different dynamics. So let me give you some color. So -- on the Print side, it's really driven by the assurance of supply, given the ongoing supply constraints that we're seeing on the print side and also just the longer lead and transit times. And then in PS, what's going on there is really the shift in motor transport. So -- as you might recall, I think we made this comment in our last call that we stopped using the train that we have used extensively from China to Europe, and we shifted a lot more of PS onto the ocean we've seen that shift from air to ocean. So that's what you're seeing. And then obviously, sea shipments are really for economic value and really drive much better pass-through, a lot better cost for us. So that's hopefully the perspective on inventory for you.
Marie Myers: Yes. No, I'd say, first of all, we definitely benefited from favorable pricing. And I think we've made those comments over the last couple of quarters. And really, it's due to that supply and demand imbalance that we've been experiencing. And I'd say particularly on the PS side, we've been able to actually pass-through a lot of that inflationary pricing straight through into our products. Now, I would just add, if the supply and demand starts to come back into closer alignment, we'll start to see some of that pricing normalize. But right now, in terms of just the current outlook, we really expect pricing to remain strong in the second half of the year.
Marie Myers: Yeah. I should add. Just on the mix comment actually, this quarter, around 65% of our PS portfolio is commercial, which obviously, as you know, has higher ASPs. So it's a combination of both, the mix and the rate, which is really driving that favorability in pricing.
Marie Myers: Yeah. Maybe I'll just add some comments then on Q3 on the print rate and what we expect to happen. As we've said, we expect for the full year that would be at the high-end of that range. And in fact actually what we're expecting in Q3 it actually would be slightly above that. And really what that's driven by is a combination of the supply constraints that Enrique spoke about, some of the mix that we're starting to see as the office reopens. And then, given that backdrop, we're still seeing the impact of that favorable pricing, I just spoke about a moment ago, so we'll expect some of that to come through. And obviously, we're doing all of that, while we're offsetting currency headwinds as well. So overall, we would expect the rate for Print to certainly in the year be at the high-end of that long-term range.
Marie Myers: Sure, happy to do so. So, we actually revised our FY 2022 GAAP guidance. And we actually have $0.11 just to clarify at the midpoint. So let me walk you through these really four key items that are driving it, which you captured a couple in your comments. So first of all, with the acquisition-related charges, related to Poly. As you know, we announced that just a little while ago, so that wasn't included in our prior GAAP guidance. Secondly, there are charges with Russia, which we actually -- I spoke about I think in my prepared remarks. And then we also have the timing acceleration of some real estate actions related to our transformation. And then finally, we've got some onetime related tax adjustments as well. So that's basically the construct for the revised GAAP guide.
Marie Myers: Jim, good morning. Just on your comments on free cash flow, just to clarify. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do expect to generate at least $4.5 billion in free cash flow this year. So we remain very much on track. And with respect to the items that I explained on the GAAP guide in terms of their impact on cash flow, the impacts that we had in the quarter were really much more related to PS volumes in the back-end loaded revenue linearity. As you heard Enrique say earlier, we expect that to course correct in Q4. So at this point, we expect our cash flow to remain on track for our guide.
Marie Myers: Yes. No, David. Good afternoon. So I think the way to think about it for the full year is really that we expect to be at the high-end. As I mentioned a bit earlier, we expect it to be above for Q3 due to the supply chain constraints. But overall, just to kind of give you a little extra context here, we've seen that favorable pricing impact, and we believe the durability around that is there, plus you've seen us very successfully managed through the headwinds in the business, whether that was currency, with commodities, et cetera. And then Enrique talked today about the growth businesses and how we're driving that in terms of just the flow-through factor for a longer-term perspective. So that's the right way to think about our margin construct going forward. It's a combination of all of those factors coming together. But for the year, I really want you to leave with the thought that we're going to be at the high end of 2016 to 2018.
