Marie Myers: Hey, Matt, good afternoon, and thanks for the opportunity. Why don't I heap -- unpack your question? I'll start on the outlook for PS for Q4, and then I'll flip over and give you an update on the change in estimated incentive impact on margin. So, with respect to our PS rate outlook, we have strong confidence in our Q4 operating profit and margin outlook. So far to date, we're really pleased with our PS operating margins to date, and overall, we expect that PS will be well above our long-term range of 3.5% to 5.5% in Q4. So, think about it in terms of being similar to half-one levels, and we'll talk more about that when we get to Sam. Now to address your question with respect to the change in incentive, in terms of the impact on PS margin with respect to OP quarter-on-quarter, the net impact of the reduction in the previously estimated sales and marketing incentive was approximately about a point and a half. And we're talking about that net of investments. And I'll turn it to Enrique now.
Marie Myers: To add to Enrique's comments there, right now, our channel is where we want it to be. So, going into Q4, we're not expecting any channel replenishment at this stage either, Amit.
Marie Myers: Yes. Look, no worries. I mean, and I think I got the first part of your question. I'll address your comments on inventory. And quite rightly, so you said that inventory is elevated this quarter, and that's really due to strategic assurance of supply. Look, we expect that it's frankly going to remain higher than pre-COVID levels. But look, we might see some adjustments quarter-on-quarter as we drive and meet customers' needs. We're in a pretty dynamic environment as we speak here. Now to address the second part of your question on leverage, right now, our gross debt to EBITDA is about 1.17, which is -- it's below our stated goal of getting towards 1.5 to 2. And look, we continue -- we expect to reach that lower end of the range over time, but right now, given our strong earnings and free cash flow performance, it's going to be a couple of quarters. But I might just add that we are really proud of the job that we've done around capital allocation. I think you heard in my prepared remarks that we said we plan to purchase back at least $1.5 billion in shares in the quarter. Enrique, I might just turn it over to you for any closing comments.
Marie Myers: Yes. Good afternoon, Katy. So why don't I explain to you -- just walk you through this change in estimates, then I'll address your question specifically around the accrual and the reserves. So, we typically look at these estimates every quarter. So, we estimate our sales and marketing incentives based on a number of different factors. So, for example, historical experience, expected customer behavior, acceptance rates, and a very important driver is market conditions, which as you know, we've experienced a lot of volatility since the COVID-19 pandemic began. It's also worth noting that some of these programs take several months, from 6 months to 12 months for partners to claim. With the impact of these market dynamics combined with the lower claims that we've seen from our partners, it became clear that we had to make this unusually large change in estimate in Q3. And frankly, we don't expect future changes of this size. But if it changes, we'll make the appropriate disclosures. Now, typically reserves, just to answer your question, you asked me about the reserve, and then I'll address your structural components. Reserves are typically liabilities for estimated future payments. A reserve can occur for a variety of reasons, one of those can actually be a change in estimate. And in terms of structure, as you know, we have in place a transformation plan. We are expecting it to be at 35%, of about $1.2 billion plan. And we're always looking for opportunities to drive efficiency in our pricing, and we've been very effective, actually, in pricing for the current market environment as you see in the results that we've delivered. Certainly, in terms of structure, we're looking for opportunities to continually improve our pricing and our ability to price effectively in this dynamic period.
Marie Myers: Yeah. So, going into Q4, as I mentioned earlier, we expect PS to be well above our long-term range of 3.5 to 5.5. So just think about it in terms of being similar to the sort of half-one levels and to your comment about Chrome; yes, Chrome margins are usually more diluted to PS now. In terms of '22 and how to think about '22 margins, we're going to talk more about that in terms of the mid and long-term at our Security Analyst Meeting in October. So, I will look forward to seeing you then.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Marie. Let me address your question about sustainability. I think a very important thing to understand about this quarter is the strength of the demand that we are seeing. Demand continues to be significantly stronger than our supply chain capacity, backlog grew quarter-over-quarter, and this is really driven by the trends that we have been describing before. The hybrid world is opening and driving opportunities for us to continue to sell PCs. There is a very strong demand for PC for people working from home, and we expect that to continue. So, as we saw strong demand in Q4 -- in Q3, we expect to see strong demand in Q4 and to continue through 2022.
Enrique Lores: So, we continue to see a lot of opportunities across the Company, both in PC, in Printing, in the new businesses we are creating. And as you said, we will be having our Investor Day in a few weeks from now, and we will be setting all the details about next year at that point.
Enrique Lores: Let me try to go one by one. First of all, like I was mentioning before, during the quarter, we continued to see very strong demand for PCs driven by the trends that I described. What we saw was that when we finish the quarter, our backlog order that we had that one customer wanted us to ship was significantly larger than what it was at the beginning of a quarter. And what we saw is very strong demand from both commercial and consumer categories. In both cases, we saw increase of demand. The area you were mentioning where we saw some weakness was on the Chromebook space, because many, and it was mostly in the U.S. because many school districts decided to stop their purchase activities until they had clarity on what type of new funds they were going to be getting from the federal government and the timing of those funds. But now, this has been clarified, we expect that now demand on the education space on Chromebooks will pick up at the end of this quarter or at the beginning of next quarter. But in any case, very strong demand on the PC side, faster growth from the commercial, but very strong growth from the consumer.
Enrique Lores: Hi Tony. Let me also go one by one. On the PC side, what we saw is, we clearly have some areas where we need to improve operationally to be able to optimize our performance given the delta between supply and demand. And there are 3 areas where specifically we need to -- we are working and we need to do some more work. First of all, as you know, we have an outsourced model, where the majority of our production is managed by ODM. This means that those ODMs we were managing until now, the relationship with the providers of the components that we are missing. We have been thinking that signing now direct relationship and direct supply agreements with them, so this is addressing that gap. Second, the important factor is one of the key things of our PC business is the breadth of our portfolio. We lead both in consumer and commercial. But this portfolio has not been designed to optimize for a low-cost component which is what we are missing now. We have been changing that, and as you will -- as we will introduce our new progress going forward, you will see an increase of leverage of components across multiple products, so we can really optimize our digitalization of components. And third, as Marie mentioned during the prepared remarks, we have been working to deploy a new ERP system, that the ERP system is now in place, and now we have the ability to create tools that will help us to optimize the allocation of orders, not only based on business priorities, but also on components availability. And this is something that until now because we were in the middle of the ERP team, we had to do it manually. When I look at all these three areas, explain kind of the improvement that you are going to see on this site and give us confidence on how we will continue to optimize our -- how we manage the current situation. Then the second part of your question around Chromebooks, I think that an important factor to realize is that during the quarter, we closed the backlog because the shipments of Chromebooks were 100% higher than shipments that we made before. When we look at the backlog that is left, we analyze it customer-by-customer, retailer-by-retailer, partner-by-partner, and this gives us very strong confidence on the value and the solidity of that backlog. If we will look at cancellations, with the exception of Chromebook coming from some of the changes in the U.S. school district, we are not seeing cancellations of the backlog, and as we mentioned before, it is more than one full quarter of demands, what we have in backlog.
Enrique Lores: As I said before, we're going to be having our Investor Day in a few weeks from now, and that will be the right time to have all the conversations about fiscal year '22. Thank you, Toni.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. So first of all, in terms of the supply’s performance, we are really pleased with the performance that we saw this quarter. Though we need to accept that the 20% growth is also coming because we had an easy comparison to last year. But again, we are pleased with the performance of our supplies. In terms of what do we see happening, basically, the trends that we shared before. As offices are reopening, we are starting to see an increase in growth on the toner side, on the office side, and at the same time, we are starting to see sunlight slow down on the consumer side, which again, was what we were expecting. And in any case, the consumer business today continues to be above the projections that we had for this time before the pandemic started. And this is a structural change that has happened. Additionally, that, we have been able to accelerate the transition of our business model both rebalance in profitability, but also significantly growing our subscription businesses. And this gives us strong confidence about the evolution of the business going forward, but also in terms of protecting our supply shares because more and more customers are part of a subscription program, we will make sure that they continue to use HP supplies.
Enrique Lores: Well, maybe a couple of comments. I think it's important to remember that we are really -- and we stay very committed to aggressively return capital to our shareholders and our actions during the last quarter reflect that. As we mentioned, we have returned this quarter $1.7 billion to shareholders. which is 178% of free cash flow and since the value plan started, we have bought 20% of our outstanding shares. So, a really strong commitment to that. We, during Q4, are going to be buying at least $1.5 billion, so we are continuing with that. And during The Analyst Day, we will share what our plans for '22 are. But you can expect from our very strong focus on continue buying back and dividends.
Enrique Lores: Let me take that question, Katy. And I think we need to realize that we are in a very different situation than before the pandemic. Usually, our business is demand-driven, and therefore there is some seasonality driven by buying patterns. Today, our business is totally driven by supply. As I said before, orders exceed significantly what we can produce, and therefore, normal seasonality doesn't apply to a year like this. Because what we will be shipping is not what we will be getting orders for, it's going to be what is the maximum amount of product that we can produce every day, every week, every month.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Shannon. The trends that we are seeing are aligned with the trends that we were expecting to see a quarter ago. We are starting to see recovery in the office side, though I have to say that that recovery is uneven, and if it's impacted by the evolution of the pandemic and certain countries when they are hit, we see offices close again and then we see an impact there. But the trend is positive in terms of office growth. And we see faster growth from the SMB side than on the enterprise side. When I say growth, I mean recovery. On the other side, on the home side, again, as we were expecting, we are starting to see a slowdown as kids are starting to go back to schools in many countries, and the balance of work between home and office is also changing. Again, it is what we were expecting, and in any case, what we see today and the projections that we have now, continue to be above the projections that we have before the pandemic.
Enrique Lores: In terms of deviation versus the number of pages printed, I gave you a question, it's in the office. It goes between minus 15 and minus 25 or minus 20 something between SMB and enterprise. We're still below what we were to -- where we want to be, but this gives you some ranges. And then in terms of acquisitions, M&A continues to be part of our plan. We have a rigorous framework to analyze the opportunities that we see based on returns, based on alignment and strategy, based on our ability to execute, we are constantly evaluating opportunities in our core businesses, in adjacencies to support our new growth strategies. And this quarter, we had two great examples that show how do we approach and how do we think about M&A. We closed the HyperX deal that is really allowing us to accelerate our growth into the peripheral space. And now we have a leading position in peripherals for gaming. And we did also a very exciting opportunity in the services space with the acquisition of Teradici Corporation that will allow us to integrate into our services Remote Compute for highly complex environments, which many of our customers are utilizing today. So, M&A is part of our plan and we are executing on that when we see the right opportunity.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me address some of your points. So first of all, the first important factor is backlog grew during the quarter. So, we ended the quarter with a higher backlog than what we had when the quarter started. The mix of the backlog was different. As I said before, we basically fulfilled all the orders that we had with Chromebooks. But the rest of the commercial business and consumers grew significantly. And today, when we closed the quarter, more than 60% of the backlog was coming from commercial customers, which is where margins are higher and where we -- and this is really an important factor to have in mind. As we look at the future, we expect the Chromebook business to accelerate again at the end of Q3 and at the end of Q4. But I think it's important to have in mind that Chromebook represents around 10% of our total PC business, even slightly below that. So, it's a relatively small business for us. What I really want to highlight is the strength of the Commercial business, which really is driven by companies reopening, offices being reopened, and investments that corporations are doing and SMBs are doing in improving their working experience for their employees.
Enrique Lores: I think that the backlog that we have when the quarter starts is so high -- when I say the backlog is close to one full quarter, this gives you the magnitude of the orders that we haven't been able to fulfill. I think in the short term, really, we are very protected from any deviations versus the [Indiscernible] plans. So, I don't think this will have any big impact from that perspective, Ananda. And what we are seeing is, especially on the PC side, we have not seen a big implication of the offices reopening or not, because more corporations realize that they need to invest in improving the experience for their employees and we are seeing very strong demand across the board.
Enrique Lores: Well, I think in terms of the actions, we have been working on them for a couple of quarters now, and they will have an impact gradually during the next month. This is really more about how do we optimize our performance within the COVID-contained environment. We shouldn't expect that we are going to be able to double our capacity because there are significant shortages of components, but it will have a gradual improvement in our performance, especially when we look at it competitively. And I'm not sure if I understand your comment about share repurchase. We are fully committed to continuing to repurchase stock. We announced that during Q4, we will be buying at least $1.5 billion of shares, and during the analyst's meeting, we will share what are the plans for 2022. Thank you. And I think that was the last question, so let me close by saying thank you to everybody for participating. As you have seen during the call, we remain very optimistic about the opportunities that the new way of working that the hybrid world is opening for us, and we are making very good progress executing our strategy. We continue to see very strong demand. And in the short term, our results are going to be impacted by component availability. It's not a demand-driven world, it's a supply-driven world. In this world, our ability to drive financial results is very strong. We are confident in the future, and this is why we raised guidance for the year, and for Q4 to reflect the confidence that we have in the business. And as we said, we are looking forward to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in October. Thank you.
