Steven Fieler: Jim, let me address the free cash flow question first. So we have not always updated our free cash flow guide on particular earnings calls, but I will confirm that we are still expecting to achieve $3.7 billion or greater for the full year in cash flow. And the assumptions are pretty straightforward similar to prior quarters. First of all, just to remind everyone, we do expect over time that free cash flow to grow in line with earnings, and we're taking into account our earnings for the year, our cash conversion cycle and volume. And when I look at first half of the year, we did deliver $1.4 billion of free cash flow and that would leave $2.3 billion in the back half of this year. We actually achieved $2.3 billion in FY '18 and $2.2 billion in FY '17.  So this is very consistent to where we've been in prior years. And really, the assumption is around I would expect that there would be some upside favorability to the cash conversion cycle, which ends at minus 32 days in Q2, and also that we would expect to see the normal Personal Systems volume in the second half, which is higher than the first half. So that's on the free cash flow. Dion, do you want to comment on where we're on Supplies? I can add to it if you need. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. Maybe -- I guess I'll add to that. And Jim, just to kind of remind us that what we identified in Q1 kind of relative to the assumptions we had in our model, where we had inaccurate assumptions were primarily around share, I think, which Dion just addressed in his remarks; and then to a lesser extent, pricing. And so there are a lot of, let's call them, sort of forecast changes we're making to better analyze share from the telemetry that Dion mentioned, also online and other customer analytics. And then from a channel inventory perspective, we are making good progress bringing on the channel inventory, as we mentioned on the last call. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So I won't make any specific kind of revenue guide counter, but I will say in general that what we're seeing in the market -- and I think it's generally in line with what the industry analysts are saying as well is that we have a more favorable Commercial market and a softer Consumer one. And we have seen strength in Commercial and are expecting a bit of a tailwind and lift from the Win 10 refresh in the second half of the year and even directionally beyond this year. The Win 10 migration has been executed, let's call it, I guess, a bit more smoothly than the prior rollover period. So do not expect a significant trough in 2020. So it is a driver of some of the Commercial demand we're seeing. 
Steven Fieler: It does. I mean the -- again, a big assumption is, you can call it normal seasonality with better second half, and Personal Systems will be higher than the first half. And that is driven by some strength we see in Commercial, which is partially offset by some of the Consumer softness. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. In terms of the levers, we do have a number of levers that we would expect to use to mitigate the growth exposure from these tariffs down to a net exposure. This does include optimizing our manufacturing facilities around the world, adjustments to pricing and other items. We would plan to use these mitigations to drive down, again, to a net impact. I do want to emphasize -- or reemphasize what Dion said, because the specifics are absolutely essential around any assumptions or any quantification of what the net impact could be. We are assuming, however -- and these were the scenarios we're working through, that we would experience more of a shorter-term impact that would diminish over time. And to be clear, again, our guidance, both the EPS and free cash flow, does include impacts of the tariffs currently in place but not any contemplation of the additional tariffs under consideration. 
Steven Fieler: Toni, the specific -- I'm going to give you numbers. So maybe starting with Q2, our Q2 result of minus 3% was something that's in line with our expectations. And a similar trend is Q1. The decline was driven primarily from EMEA. I would say broadly speaking, our forecast assumptions are holding as we look into the remainder of '19. There is no change to our full year outlook. We're still expecting approximately minus 3% in constant currency. This would include the remaining takedown of the channel inventory and also the revised share and pricing assumptions described on the last call. It is difficult to pinpoint the precise timing of all the reduction between Q3 and Q4, so it could be some slight quarterly growth rate variability along with other natural business movements. It's all too dependent on the timing of the actions and how they play through the ecosystem.  In regards to -- I guess beyond FY '19, it's going to depend on multiple factors and multiple variables and the progress we're making around installed base and the type of units we're placing, usage, the share and pricing as well as any evolution in our business model. And so I'm not going to comment any more specifically on FY '20 or beyond at this point. 
Steven Fieler: Well, you're correct that the assumptions -- change in assumptions were to the negative. We did bring down our share assumptions for the remainder of this year as well as pricing. That's not to suggest that the actions that Dion described can't move those in either direction. And ideally, we're working to move those up and to have share, win back programs as well as to drive more consistent pricing across the ecosystem, including the omnichannel. And so those are the actions we're working clearly to make sure we're addressing the Supplies headwinds we're facing this year. 
Steven Fieler: We saw strength in Commercial. So I wouldn't highlight anything beyond that strength in Commercial. 
Steven Fieler: So when I sort of made the comment on new business model evolution, there are sort of multiple dimensions to that. I think the primary one we've been focused on, what you alluded to, is the shift to contractual. And so we've been at that for some time and continue to make progress around our management services revenue as well as shifting more to Instant Ink, which continues to grow for the company. So I think that's been our primary driver. In terms of the sort of -- where the profit and the lifetime value of our hardware unit is, we already are operating in certain geographies where we do have printers that generate more profit of the lifetime upfront. And so I think we'll continue to work on different areas and different models in the future, but there's really not a whole lot more to describe at this point. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. Yes. I think broadly speaking, we have seen some easing around the overall supply chain cost in the basket of kind of commodities and logistics. That being said, given the current currency environment and volatility we're seeing in the strengthening of the dollar, we've seen much of that offset. And kind of even looking forward, likely, the increased headwinds will continue to be an offset of some of the changes we've seen in the overall supply chain costs. So exactly how this is going to play out in the next quarter or quarters to come will really depend upon overall market and competitive dynamics as we've got some puts and takes as it relates to the overall cost on the Personal Systems side. 
Steven Fieler: Look, I'll give a first stab. So what we saw in our results in constant currency was Americas was down 1%, EMEA up 2%, and APJ up 11%. In Americas, I think we saw -- the driver there was primarily on the Personal Systems business. And candidly, I think that was driven by the industry-wide supply constraints we had and how we ultimately allocated a product. And I think that was the largest driver in the Americas. I think we're seeing different geographic pockets of strength in those that are softening and maybe Dion with a comment on China specifically. 
Steven Fieler: Maybe one other small comment to add is our Consumer performance is really in line with the market. 
Steven Fieler: So the short answer is yes. We -- as Dion said, we put a task force of our most talented individuals. Both Dion and I have spent time in EMEA, and I think Dion described some of the actions we're doing. We would expect that these actions and in particular the impact on the overall channel inventory levels, which I sized at approximately $100 million, including the downstream, that those channel inventories would be reduced through this year. 
Dion Weisler: Yes, absolutely. And Jim, thanks for the question. I can assure you that we are all over this, as you can imagine. We're taking very decisive actions on the plans that we outlined last quarter. I think we were very detailed in how we thought about last quarter and how we explained really 6 themes, 4 operational themes and 2 strategic initiatives that we needed to drive. Since then, I've put a Supplies task force as well as a global program office in place with a primary focus on EMEA and then to ensure consistency across all of the regions. We've identified and began implementing several changes already. I'll walk you through where we are on the 4 operational issues and the 2 strategic areas, the focus that I outlined on quarter 1 and then I'll have Steve chime in as well.  So first, let me start with the operational actions. We're making changes in our marketing and go-to-market to address our supply share and you'll recall that was really where we primarily deviated from a 4-box model last quarter. We've increased our investment in search significantly versus last year in all regions. And we've improved our search coverage in the main markets within EMEA. We've also changed our marketing mix with key online marketplaces to improve the prioritization of HP original supplies. Secondly, we're upping our game in terms of brand protection. We're going to defend our brand as well as our intellectual properties to ensure that our customers receive the quality, the benefits, the sustainability and environmental advantages that original HP Supplies provide.  Thirdly, we're working with our Tier 2 channel partners to gain more visibility into the overall the overall Tier 2 channel inventory and to reduce the overall level of inventory. And fourthly, we're bolstering our business management systems. For example, we're improving our pricing discipline, and we are continuing to enhance our data management. We're leveraging the big data on the telemetry information that we're now collecting, and we're doing that across the installed base of printers that we outlined in Q1 to provide more accurate and timely reporting and insight. Regarding the 2 strategic areas of focus. Firstly, as we actually discussed at SAM and on prior calls, we're evolving in print to focus on driving growth in our contractual business, certainly where our customers are really interested in transacting with us through those contractual motions. And then finally, we're adopting new business models to continue to drive long-term value in print. And Steve, with that, it's probably a good idea to provide some additional color on the progress in channel inventory and in other areas. 
Dion Weisler: And what I've been really impressed with, Katy, is being this relentless focus on customer insight and turning that insight into innovation. I think the Personal Systems team and Alex and together with the regions have really listened to our customers. The -- we continue to launch incredible products. We know there is an incredible area of concern around cyber, and it's front and center within the portfolio. And as a result of that, we're seeing really strong demand for our products, particularly in the Commercial space. 
Dion Weisler: It's a great question, Katy, and if you're watching CNBC today, you would have seen that they were asking that question relentlessly. So let me kind of bifurcate my answer on tariffs into 2 portions. The first is the current tariffs that we know about. Our guidance includes the impact of the tariffs that are currently in place, including the increase from 10% to 25% that went into effect earlier this month. So here, I'm referring to that roughly $200 billion trade tariff list.  Regarding the new list that was published earlier this month, clearly, it's an industry-wide situation in the U.S. that has continued to be very dynamic, and so we don't speculate or comment on potential impacts until we know all the facts. And we're still hopeful an agreement will be reached. And the reason I say that is because it's really highly uncertain. First of all, we don't know if the additional tariffs will happen at all. Secondly, if they do happen, we don't know when that would be -- when that would happen, and the timing on that really does make a big difference. And thirdly, we don't know what the final list of products will be, what will be included, what may be excluded. And finally, we don't know how much or what the tariff rates would be.  So I know that's quite a few variables, and all of those variables can change the calculus quite significantly. And we've seen that in the past as we've worked through the first $200 billion list of tariffs. We've seen those variables in play. There have been multiple phases. They've been products that have been on the list and excluded from the list, and there have been changes to the tariff rates over time. So we continue to assess the potential impact to the business, and we're very active. We are not sitting idly by. We're looking at multiple scenarios. And we're working with the U.S. administration, we're working with others in the industry, and we're working with our supply chain on mitigations to ensure the best outcome for our ecosystem of customers and partners as well as our shareholders.  So clearly, the implementation of incremental tariffs on the complete list of products imported from China would have industry-wide impacts. The impact would likely be more felt in the near term. And Steve, you might have some additional comment. 
Dion Weisler: Right. Thanks, Toni. Thanks for the question. I'll take the first one, and Steve, you might want to take the second. So if I catch you correctly, your -- to paraphrase it, the Supplies online issues spreading into other regions, i.e., Americas or APJ. As we said in the last call, the underlying factors around the shift to online and contractual are absolutely global in nature. And we live in a very connected world. Both Americas and APJ both begun addressing these trends earlier than EMEA did. Therefore, our primary focus remains EMEA. That said, the competition doesn't stand still and neither will we. We're sharing the learnings from the global task force with the other regions to ensure a consistent approach. As we will continue to monitor these trends in every single region, we'll fine-tune, we'll adjust as the market conditions will inevitably evolve. That's why I have a global program management office around this and we are looking at this from a global perspective, but the real primary focus remains in EMEA because Americas and APJ got started earlier. 
Dion Weisler: And that's really, Toni, why I break the actions down into operational issues, which we do expect to have an impact on those levers as well as the longer-term strategic focus areas, evolving our print focus, driving more towards contractual business and adopting new business models within the print business unit. 
Dion Weisler: Look, we have manufacturing facilities, as you can imagine, all over the world, and we're always working to optimize our manufacturing footprint. So this is just an ongoing part of our business so that we are not single-point sensitive. So that's how I think you should think about our manufacturing footprint and our facilities.  As it relates to metals, look, I'm really happy with the progress of the 3D Printing business unit on multiple dimensions, not just the metals dimension for which they've made really good progress. We have some several companies like GKN that we're working with to serve the auto industry. We have similar efforts underway in the health care industry. But we continue to perform well in the 3D Printing business. We recently announced that over 10 million parts were produced using our 3D Printing technology last year, with half of the parts manufactured for end-user products.  In -- quarter 2 was a busy quarter. We launched our new HP Jet Fusion 5200 series, which is a printing platform that delivers improved economics and performance and part quality, really designed for manufacturing. We also launched a new TPU material. And for those of you that want to geek out with me here, it really enables new classes of applications ideal for flexible and elastic parts. We also expanded our alliances with BASF, Materialise and Siemens, a very important announcement with Siemens just last week. And really, they're at the epicenter of all manufacturing. If you want to get into manufacturing processes, you need to be doing that with companies that have been doing it for decades, and Siemens is an industry leader.  We also announced last week a major, incredible partnership between HP and SmileDirectClub, who's the leader in teledentistry, and they're really set to disrupt the orthodontics industry. SmileDirectClub will be deploying a fleet of 49 HP 3D Printing systems, produce more than 50,000 unique and highly personalized molds a day. And that's one of the largest 3D Printing manufacturing projects in the United States, and that's a true example of an industrial-scale 3D production. 
Dion Weisler: Look. Let me start out by mentioning it's now been several quarters since the acquisition of Apogee. And while we're running it as a stand-alone business from a go-to-market perspective, it's very much aggregated into our overall OPS business unit. I'll also remind you that Apogee enables HP to gain access to new profit pools by expanding our ability to deliver value-added services, and then it accelerates the deployment of what we know is superior technology into the growing contractual office printing market, especially among SMBs. The transaction augments our existing go-to-market channels, and it enhances our ability to deliver solutions and services that are necessary to win in the contractual market. This is all on point and on strategy, and more and more customers are shifting to contractual. So we feel, as we did when we made the acquisition, that this is absolutely leading us in the right direction. 
Dion Weisler: Yes. Look -- yes, I think we've experienced some recent slowing in our China business. And having said that, I think it's important to mention that we can't conclude that, that slowdown that we are seeing is solely related to any of the discussions that are currently underway. China has been and continues to be a strategically important market for us. We have a really strong brand in the country, and we've been there for decades. The geopolitical environment remains, let's call it, dynamic, and we'll continue to assess and respond to the situation and the potential impact to our business.  That said, we continue to drive insight-driven innovation to our portfolio. That's one of the ways in which we go about running our business. It's through local insights and local product development. For example, in China, gaming has been a great success for us, including the most recent launch of our dual-screen OMEN gaming laptop, which we launched globally out of China. It's also worth noting our APJ region, just as Steve mentioned, as a whole, grew 11% in constant currency in quarter 2 against that backdrop of a slowing business in China. So we're seeing, for example, other areas within APJ, like Japan, being particularly strong. 
Dion Weisler: Yes. Look, Shannon, as you know -- you've been following us a long time, we have an incredibly close, 35-year partnership with Canon, and I think it is stronger now than it has ever been. I just came back from Japan a couple of weeks ago and met with Mitarai-san. Clearly, aftermarket alternatives is not what we would want, either of us. And we're working very closely together to really think through the multidimensional levers that we have available to us. And I think both companies are being appropriately aggressive. 
Dion Weisler: Look, I'll take a first stab. Steve might want to chime in. I guess on a macro level, there's been volatility in the market, and that causes uncertainty around the world. And in this type of environment, consumers tend to react more quickly to market conditions both on the positive side and on the negative side versus commercial customers, which has less sensitivity to the short term. The current environment has seen some slowing in Consumer in varying levels by country, and it will take us a long time to go through every single country. But it does vary country by country. We continue to innovate. That's the most important point. We need to continue to innovate with our products, like the Tango X in the Printing side of the business and the Spectre Folio in the Personal Systems, just to name 2 examples. And when we do that, we're giving consumers a reason to purchase, because they only do that when they have great innovation.  So while we broadly agree with the industry views that both PCs and print are flattish markets over the mid- to long term, we'll continue to play our own game. We'll segment the market then we'll segment it again. We'll find the heat in the market, and we'll focus on outperforming the market. That's exactly what we've been doing and what you can expect us to do. 
Dion Weisler: Look, I guess you are referring to the fairly well-known Intel shortage, which has come along with chipsets that go with it. I'd start by saying it's probably not fair or appropriate for me to second-guess the supply updates that Intel has provided over the past several weeks. Based on the most recent update from Intel, we continue to expect supply constraints through calendar quarter 3 just as we had through calendar quarter 2 and calendar quarter 1. I think you've seen us optimize as best we can on behalf of our customers and partners. The demand is really strong for our products, particularly in Commercial. And we'll continue to work closely with Intel to ensure that we drive the best outcomes.  So thank you all for taking the time to be with us. We're at the bottom of the hour. Let me end the call where I began. We're delivering on our plan, and we're striking the right balance between driving performance for today as well as investing for the long term. While we will always have more work to do, we're making good progress against our priorities. We'll continue to put our customers at the center of everything we do and we will remain consistent and true to our strategy to engineer experiences that amaze while driving profitable growth. And I have a high degree of confidence that we'll continue to execute on that strategy with rigor and focus. So thank you very much for joining us today. 
