Enrique Lores: Hi, Amit, thank you for the question. Let me start and then Marie will provide more detail. So first of all, as you said, we are very pleased with the performance of the PC business this quarter. It is really a consequence of the strong demand that we continue to see, both across consumer, but especially in commercial and the way we have been managing both mix and pricing as you were saying. We have been very effectively managing both, driving the component that we have toward the categories where we saw the highest value for the company, which in general the commercial categories and the high end of the consumer side. And this has really been driving the performance that you saw. And now Marie will comment on pricing.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. And this is really consistent to what we -- the strategy that we started to execute two years ago, when we are driving the change of profitability from supplies more into hardware. And as we shared during Analyst Meeting, we have been making very good progress driving that strategy. We have increased the mix of products that includes supplies when customers buy them, what we call profit up from products. We have also increased the percentage of end-to-end systems, what we call now HP+. And we have also been driving a transition toward subscription and service-oriented businesses. That is also contributing very positively from a profitability perspective. So what you see happening is what we said two years ago we were going to drive. We have been making good progress and this makes us confident in the guide that we provided for fiscal year '22 in our Analyst Day and about the guidance we have provided today for Q1.
Enrique Lores: What we have seen is, I'm sorry to disappoint you is very consistent to what we discussed in our Analyst Day. We continue to see strong demand, especially from commercial customers and we share their office -- as companies are reopening offices, getting employees back to work, they're investing to improve their experiences and therefore they improve investing in PCs and invest in notebooks and desktops. We also are seeing strong consumer demand as the holiday season comes. We are seeing demand behaving as per plan, so no deviations from what we discussed a few weeks ago.
Enrique Lores: I wouldn't make any big distinction. We see growth across the board, both for large enterprises and for SMBs. We have a very strong business in both areas and we see demand in the two customer segments, so no major deviations from that. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: So in terms of PC backlog, it remains at a very elevated level, Toni, very similar to where we were a quarter ago. So, no major changes. It continues to be similar to what you saw despite a quite a strong business that we have created this quarter. And then, in terms of print, you are correct, print hardware is where we have seen the major supply chain limitations, largely because of the factory lockdowns in many Southeast Asia countries, which is what we shared during the last week. So no news here. And part of this also elevated but is lower than what we have on PCs.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, Shannon. So as we said in our Analyst Day, peripherals is one of the five growth areas of the company, and we think that really is going to be contributing to the sustained growth that we expect to see in Personal Systems. We have done a lot of changes internally to manage the business better. We -- in the past, if you remember, we were calling it attach, and when you call our business attach, you don't put a best engineer, you don't put a investment that the business requires and you don't have the organizational focus, and we have changed all that. We have a dedicated organization to peripherals. We have put some of the strongest leaders in the company to drive that initiative. We are increasing internal investment. We are moving some of our best engineers to the Group, and we have also invested in organic in acquisitions as the acquisition we did with HyperX to reinforce our position in some specific area, like in the case of HyperX in peripherals for gaming. What you will see us doing in the future is to continue to invest in this space. We think we have a great opportunity to continue to grow going forward and we will be providing regular updates of the progress that we are going to see in that category going forward. And just to close, this quarter we have double-digit growth in this category. So we are really pleased with the growth in peripherals.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. So let me cover 3D printing from two angles. First is after the pandemic, we are seeing very strong growth in what I would call the traditional 3D printing, basically selling printer, selling supplies and selling services around those, very strong growth we have seen really a pickup of demand. But also, we shared during our Investor Day that we have complemented that part of the business with the investment in three specific end-to-end, we call it applications or businesses where we think we have the opportunity of capturing more value, because we are not just selling the printers, we are designing the parts, and in some cases, we are also selling the parts to the consumers or to the end-users. And we shared in our Investor Day that we were working on molded fiber and sustainable packaging and on orthotics and on footwear, three areas where of businesses in the $8 billion to $12 billion, where we can really drive a strong disruption because we think 3D printing is really going to help us to grow and to transform those industries. So great progress, we are on track, this is what we discussed a few weeks ago. And during 2022, we will continue to provide updates on where we see this business going.
Enrique Lores: Yes, I think the dispersion is really driven by what -- how we've been prioritizing and where we have seen growth. If you think about a year ago, we saw very strong growth on the consumer business in North America. And as we have shared, we are now driving our business more towards higher premium categories mostly in commercial, and therefore, this has implications on the year-on-year comparison. This is really what is driving that delta, Katy.
Enrique Lores: What you saw Katy is like, what we -- if we're seeing -- if we look at components where availability has improved with the need to maintain those levels of inventory and there we -- therefore we are correcting that. But as Marie was saying, since we expect to continue to be in a supply constrained environment at least through the first half, inventory will stay at high levels.
Enrique Lores: And just a brief reminder, we increased our long-term range a few weeks ago. So what we are saying is we are going to stay at the high end of the new ranges that we just provided.
Enrique Lores: Yes, thank you. So, as we have shared in the past, this is really something that we pay a lot of attention to, and we constantly monitor all the orders that we get, the quality of the orders and what cancellations are happening. And as we have shared before, the percentage of cancellations is very, very slow -- is very, very small. So we have not seen any cancellations. Also as we look at the competition of the backlog, the majority of the backlog now is coming from commercial customers, given that this is where we continue to see the stronger demand. Usually, there is an end user or in many cases, it is an end-user associated with our backlog, so it means the probabilities of double booking or cancellations even lower. But we rest assured, this is something we monitor constantly and we don't see any cancellations. Now, of course, our goal is to over time to reduce the amount of backlog that we have because -- and we expect that, that supply will get normalized during the next quarter, we will be reducing the amount of backlog that we have.
Enrique Lores: And maybe to complement a little what Marie was saying. What we have committed is that we will be returning, and I'm talking about the long-term, 100% of free cash flow unless other better opportunities arise, and we have also committed to increase our leverage ratio to two points, and we will be doing this over time. So both will be sources of cash that we will be using to return capital to shareholders or potentially to M&A, if we -- if M&A would bring better returns.
Enrique Lores: I believe, while we believe that the shares are undervalued, and this is clearly the situation today, so this is what you should expect us to do, thinking at least while we see that delta.
Enrique Lores: Yes, so let me kind of remind what we have been discussing during the last weeks. First is, we have shared that M&A is an important part of our plan. Second, we have identified five key growth areas for the company, where we think M&A could help us to grow profitably at a faster way and that we are scanning opportunities to do that. At the same time, we have also said that we are going to be very rigorous stewards of capital that any opportunity we would take versus the strategy, versus the operational ability that we need to have to deliver on the financial goals, and then, of course, we need to have attractive returns, whether to return the buyback shares, which is a fairly high threshold given that we believe that shares are undervalued. In terms of specific side, I don't think we have any -- we haven't made any commitment on -- commitments on that space. They really need to deliver strong financial results and based -- and that be aligned with their strategies. But we are not going to do anything different because of the Oracle cash that we got. We are going to continue to manage capital with the framework that we have been discussing until now and with the same rigor.
Enrique Lores: Yes, I think the key thing really is what is going to be the gross margin that we will be delivering or the operating profit margin. And as Marie was saying, we increased our guidance a few weeks ago and we expect to continue to be at the high end of the range through 2022. What we think will happen is eventually the price favorability will reduce as volumes will increase, but as volumes will increase, we will also see additional business. So one will compensate the other. So we will stay within the high end of the range through 2022.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So we are seeing a strong recovery of the overall industrial graphics business, mostly driven for the -- by the more industrial side driven by label and packaging. We have seen nice growth in Q4 and we expect to see very nice growth in 2022. So really good progress and really a contributor of growth for the company in 2022.
Enrique Lores: Well, we have a very strong portfolio in that category that is a combination of both internal development of M&A that we have done over the years. We have done several acquisitions in that space, both in printing technologies and also in software, and we have identified this as one of the key five growth areas of the company. And as I said, M&A is part of our plan, we expect to continue to do that in 2022. And as we also shared, we have room to do that, while at the same time, we return aggressive capital to shareholders through both share repurchases and dividends. And as I said before, over time, we will be increasing our ratio to 1.5 to 2, which will be also another source of capital.
Enrique Lores: And I think it's now time to wrap up. So let me close the call by saying that we really feel strong about the quarter that we have, it's a great proof point of the ability that we have to deliver value to our shareholders and shows the strong momentum that we have entered in fiscal year '22. And this is why we provided the guide that we provided for Q1 that shows the things that we see in our business. So, thank you everybody for the call today. And we wish all of you a great Thanksgiving with your families. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Sure. Good afternoon, Amit. So, first of all, just to give you some context around ASP's, they're actually up 24% year-on-year and 17% Q-on-Q and what's driving that is really a combination of favorable pricing including some currency, but as you said there's that favorable mix into higher commercial, as well as even a mix shift inside commercial to both premium and mainstream. So we've got less low-end and that favorable mix shift within consumer. In terms of year-on-year, consumers up 11%, driven predominantly by pricing and commercial is up 31.7%, which is a combination of both mix and pricing. And as we've said earlier and I think in our Security Analyst Meeting, we do expect to see some of that favorable mix shift to continue into the following year as well.
Marie Myers: Also just to keep in mind that I'm sure you know this that we're lapping some tough compares. So what we're really focused on is driving incremental OP dollars over time and driving more OP dollars outside of supply and it's exactly what Enrique said to really shifting the business model.
Marie Myers: Yes. No worries, Toni, and good afternoon. So when I talk first about seasonality and I'd say that first out that we've seen that strength in the quarter in PS and we do expect that to continue into '22. So as a result, we do expect revenue linearity in the year to be more linear across the quarters and that's more so, Toni, than what we've seen in the last few years. So as sequential revenue growth in '22 is therefore going to be more consistent quarter-to-quarter. And I'll just reiterate like I did it I think at the San Meeting that we don't expect normal seasonality. And then, with respect to the PS operating margins in the quarter. The rate was actually down slightly quarter-on-quarter and that was just really due to you might recall the material change in estimate that we had back in Q3. And also you saw just the strength of the business that we actually had. So we did take the opportunity to make some one-time investments that we don't expect that they are probably going to repeat in in '22.
Marie Myers: Yes, no, we expect basically for our inventory levels to remain somewhat elevated while we're through this supply chain constrained environment. However, we do expect to moderate our components depending on the supply and the demand that we see around the components. But certainly as we look forward into the first half of '22, we still expect to see those levels somewhat elevated.
Marie Myers: Yes, no, sure, and good afternoon. So we are very much on track towards the high end of our long-term SAM range which we gave at our Analyst Day for PS. So we continue to see that strong demand for our PCs, particularly in commercial and we expect to see that favorable pricing as well, and that's how we think about our guide for Q1. I would just add, I think I mentioned to Toni that we were down slightly Q-on-Q and that was really driven by the material change in estimate we had last quarter. But going forward, we absolutely expect our PS margins to continue to be at the high end of our long-term range.
Marie Myers: Yes, so maybe I'll hit up cash flow and then we'll go to the buyback. So, first of all, we guide cash flow on an annual basis. And as we mentioned at SAM, we're confident in our guide of at least $4.5 billion. A couple of things to bear in mind, obviously cash flows driven by revenue and operating profit growth, and then secondly, I think we did comment that we did expect to see some favorable working capital as we start to see those inventory levels potentially moderate in the second half. So that's how we're thinking about, we've built that all into our guide basically in terms of free cash flow. With respect to our buybacks, we remain committed to repurchase at least 4 billion of our shares, and as you probably recently saw at our Analyst reports, Analyst meeting as well, we're expecting to pay out a dividend of $1 per share. So I think really a meaningful plan there with respect to our buybacks starting to return of capital to our shareholders.
Marie Myers: Yes, maybe I'll just start out by commenting firstly that our FY22 guidance is a combination of both operational flow-through and the results of share buyback. Now addressing your question specifically about how we're sitting, thinking about your philosophical question around the buybacks, look I would just say that we're absolutely committed to the capital allocation strategy that we've outlined at SAM, and those ingredients, nothing has changed there and a big part of that is our return of capital to shareholders. So we're on track to continue to buy back shares at elevated levels of at least 4 billion. And in fact, I think we're going to surpass what we said we do back at our value plan of at least $16 billion. So that's how we're thinking about it, and our commitment really hasn't changed.
Marie Myers: And I'd just add, we are still in that, it's a bit like the laws of economics while you're in a supply constrained environment, favorable pricing really persist, but in addition, demand is strong. So together, that really contributes to what we've seen in terms of this favorable pricing dynamic, which we do expect will continue through '22, but we do expect some normalization as the year goes on as well.
