S. Kenneth Kannappan: Okay. 2 different questions. So I'm going to try to remember the second one when I get back to it. So let me start with the voluntary turnover. I believe that it has gotten only what I would call a little bit better. The truth is we don't think we've seen much of a rebound in most of the world. So when you talk about where have things improved a little bit, you would say perhaps in the U.S. and the U.K a little bit but not much improvement elsewhere in terms of economic conditions. Within the U.S. and the U.K., we would also say certainly there are hotspots. Silicon Valley is certainly a hotspot where the tech industry has done relatively well and remains a very good market for us. But broadly speaking, if we look at most enterprises, it hasn't gone up significantly. We're nowhere near the levels we were previous session in terms of voluntary turnover of business professionals who tend to be bread and butter in terms of the workforce. So a little bit of improvement but not the kind of dramatic improvement that you would have expected from looking just at the unemployment rates. Labor force participation is still down, and voluntary turnover levels are still not where they were even in the best economies. On the second question, so I think that this is related to the Contact Center portfolio and the business impact that we expect from it. And a couple of things. First of all, we expect this to be the kind of thing that builds over time. Would we expect impact over the course of this fiscal year? Absolutely, we would. But we would expect it to continue beyond that period of time because the contact center purchase cycles are often a little bit longer.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. Well, the contact center is -- has always been a important part of our business. It's always been a blurred one. I mean it's not really a segment in some respects because you have the same customers through the same channels buying the same products going to different floors in the same building. Nonetheless, it's a meaningful and important business to us. I think that the portfolio is very well timed. As I mentioned, a lot of these organizations are trying to get deeper and deeper into analytics, and the new systems that the providers are offering have greater analytics capability. And as we're enabling them with even more information, it's allowing contact centers to be able to see a vision that they can materially improve both the customer experience, the engagement that they get with the customer, the agent management and other information to really improve it. So there's a lot of things that come together very, very well for us in this portfolio. We have a very significant installed base that therefore represents a big long-term opportunity for upgrade.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: And then I think there's another part of your question related to financial. I think I'll let Pam answer.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. Well, first of all, we're seeing what I would call overall healthier global conditions than one would've expected by reading the newspapers. But having said that, it's not robust. It's just healthy. So I would say that with the exception of a few markets -- I mean, Venezuela, Argentina, Ukraine certainly, come to mind where, obviously, sales is severely impaired -- we're seeing broadly reasonably healthy business conditions. I would say that within Europe, the U.K. remains the brightest spot. And the U.S. economy is certainly continues to be pretty solid for us. India, the Asian markets is right now the strongest.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. Our primary intention is that we believe repatriation is going to happen at some point in time. It's certainly what we hear whether that turns out to be at some point in time in 2015 as a part of a tax deal or goes to 2017. We can't be sure. But we think that the odds have been rising as there seems to be a majority in Congress that favors something. We do not want to repatriate and pay the tax given the possibility of something like that occurring. And we believe that there's a lot of good economic arguments for repatriation and that it's likely to occur and that most companies will leave that cash over there. So that, that huge stimulus effect that would come is something that we think that the government's going to want to take advantage of.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: No, we would expect that it's most likely to last into fiscal '16 than not. We don't control the timing on it. And we can't be certain.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So let me answer the question. I mean, there is -- I would say that it's more likely that other periods are anomalies than our forecast, but there is nothing unique about the forecast. We do base it on what I would call all of the data that we have, and it is intent to be our best guess. The data that we have includes the patterns of all prior periods, month-by-month, third [ph] Quarters. It includes the knowledge that we have of pipelines. There are some random lumpinesses that have occurred in various periods. We almost never forecast unforeseen large blue birds or unforeseen large black birds, so to speak, and the timing of things can move in and out of particular quarters. But we think on balance, this is a fairly reasonable forecast.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: I would call it more timing of expenses and what we're trying to do rather than a -- something that you should necessarily extrapolate on. I think that the best guidance we could give you on expenses is more that we look at it primarily on an annual basis, that we set a plan and that we are -- sometimes we've been wrong where we thought revenues were going to be higher than they were, and so we had more expense growth as a result and we didn't want to correct right away. What we are looking to do though is to improve in F '16 our operating margin a little bit by trying to set a plan where the revenues, and more particularly, the gross profit will grow a little bit faster than the operating expenses as we seek to improve that operating margin back closer towards the 21%, 21.5% point of the -- of our range. So I wouldn't get too focused on the quarter but more look at the long-term goal that we have. And that's where we're going to be trying to set things.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, that's correct. And we are hopeful that it won't go all the way through fiscal '16 for those litigation expenses, but we can't be certain.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Gosh, I'm not 100% sure how to answer that question. We're -- we have what I described as a rich pipeline across the business and as well as some new areas that we're experimenting in, in addition to what I would call capability, software firmware integrations, that we're doing, and there's not any particular thing that I want to disclose at this time.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So we're sticking with our forecast, which -- and the question was kind of asked a little bit, which is fine, but the answer we gave is that we really look at these longer-term patterns try to forecast as best as we can based upon the data that we have, which includes all the specific plans whereas sometimes timings move in and move out. But we think our forecast is reasonable.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: As to the competitive activity, I really think it'd be better them comment on how well they think it's worked out for them. I would say that what -- from our end, we've had tremendous interest in our new portfolio, and we think people are really, really excited about what that offers.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: If you ask a question like that, then the answer would almost by definition wind up being yes. Because even if I had more positives that offset the negatives, the answer would be in the affirmative. But the reality is I think that most of the market is really focused on our new offer and what it has to provide to organizations in terms of improved performance, customer experience, et cetera. And so I don't think that people are primarily focused on that.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So really, I'm very conscious of that fact, Yi-Dan, that we're in a litigation right now on the contact center, and you're asking questions about contact center market and pricing. And I've tried to be as expansive as I can be, which is we really think that our product value here is very strong and being very well received in the market. And I'm sorry, but I just kind of want to leave that at that.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. Thanks, John. I guess you got several questions in there. I'll talk about the gross margins first. So yes, in Q2, we had a slightly lower mix of consumer products, which always helps the gross margin, but we have some significant cost savings as well, and we reengineered some of our core products that give us some cost savings. While those cost savings are fairly broad, they do tend to be stronger in the Enterprise products than in Consumer. And next quarter, we do have a much higher mix of Consumer products. So that's -- the mix is really the primary reason that it declined quarter-over-quarter. For the long-term, we continue to find cost savings wherever we can. As UC becomes a bigger part of our product mix, we do expect that the margins will move towards what we get from the UC products. I'd say the UC gross margin -- the UC product margins in general have been stable for the last 3 years, and I think they're in good shape right now. So it's really a product mix issue primarily over the long term. And we'll take advantage of cost-savings opportunities whenever we can.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. On OpEx, we have been -- we want to go to profitability -- higher profitability this year. We want to let profitability grow with revenues. And we've always plan for a higher lift in profitability in the second half of the year. That's still the case, so our guidance reflects that. Our OpEx quarter-over-quarter is expected to be down so that our profitability will improve in Q3.
Pamela J. Strayer: December, yes. In Q2, we had additional gains that aren't going to recur. As I said at the beginning of the year, we do have $1.7 million in gains in Q3 and $1.7 million in gains in Q4 that we'll be recording. But we expect that to be almost entirely offset by litigation expenses.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes, so we don't usually provide details here. I guess what I would say is mobile has been strong for us this year generally. If you look at a Q2 to Q3 increase in mobile revenues, it's typically pretty strong, 20% or something like that. I think it'll be a little bit lower this year quarter-over-quarter sequentially just because we've had such strong bookings throughout Q2 in mobile. Year-over-year for UC, we do expect growth there. North of 20% quarter-over-quarter there will be growth. But OCC overall, we're thinking flat. It's a forecast. It's inherently flawed. And it's our best guess at this point.
Pamela J. Strayer: Sure, yes. So for the long term, we do think that -- we are focused very heavily on inventory management and inventory turns, and our operations team has already done some fantastic work there. We've got a culture of continuous improvement. We'll continue to work on that over the longer term and hope to make some improvement there over the next couple of years. But on the DPO side, really that improvement is just primarily a result of focusing on it. And I think there might be a little bit more that we can do there as well.
Pamela J. Strayer: I'd say it's probably a little bit of both. We do tend to have a strong Q3 and Q4 quarter. And therefore, it's a better time for us to try and increase profitability. But there's also just some timing differences in when expenses are falling this year, the timing of the litigation expenses and when those are falling, which is a big chunk of expense for us. So I don't know that I'd make a general statement that this is going to be the new norm going forward. No, not to this degree anyway.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I'm just looking at the gross margin that we recorded 1 year ago in Q3. Our bottoms-up forecast supports that with a heavy mix towards Consumer. That's likely where we'll land.
Pamela J. Strayer: Well, if you look at the sequential change September to December quarter, one of the big declines we're expecting is in legal expense. But we've also made some conscious decisions to cut some costs to increase our profitability in the second half. So that's where we're landing.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So Yi-Dan, I think you're asking about total OCC or Enterprise revenues which, yes, we're, forecasting right now about to be flat Q3 to Q4. We did have an increase from Q3 to Q4 last year, but other years, it's been flat. So that's our best guess at this point.
