S. Kenneth Kannappan: Thank you, Greg. Before I get started, I want to introduce to you Pam Strayer, our new Chief Financial Officer. Pam joins us from Autodesk, where she was Vice President of Finance, Principal Accounting Officer and Controller. We found out through the search process that the position here is very attractive, and we had frankly very many outstanding candidates. Having said that, we thought Pam was, by far, the most talented in terms of her abilities and her potential. And we're really very, very pleased to have her on board as the successor to Barbara. I'd like to have Pam say hello for a second.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Maybe just talk to the long term, John, for a second. We still believe our long-term model is correct. At this point in time, we're still very early in what we think is something that's going to significantly increase the size of the market. And we just don't believe that over the long term, those sorts of gross margins are sustainable, and that's why we've got a lower number in the model. It's not a near-term signal that we see something moving, but it's just what we think is sustainable over time.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So first part of the question was to give some tangible examples. In its course, we've introduced this to Europe now, and so some of them are already out in the market. Now I'll talk about some that are kind of coming so to speak. So things that are already in the market include things like our sensor that knows whether or not you've got the headset on. Therefore, when you put it on, it automatically answers the call for you. It automatically changes your default audio device to the one that is linked to that product you're using. It does a variety of other things. It pauses other applications for you. It makes sure the audio is routed to the device you're using. When you take it off, it does a variety of other functions for you. Distance is another thing that we've incorporated in there. If you're not near, we understand, you can't see the screen. That's an opportunity to change so that you no longer see a text message you're not within the range of. And you can put it over audio, so you can hear that. We've talked about -- in the call, I talked about at Cisco Live, where there was a customer talking about the integration with Cisco for health care application that enabled more effective routing of calls to medical experts. There are certainly other applications that we've talked about with contact centers: many times, they want to reach a particular expert and need to have better understanding of availability of the expert to route things, as well as in conferencing where you want to know whether or not someone is actually off-line for a moment in time. And so there's a variety of other vendors that are integrating some of the information that we provide in order to either route and reach people more effectively or to provide a more appropriate type of communications to the individual on the receiving end. This is kind of the early stage and what we think is a very long-cycle opportunity. I've talked about this before in terms of a simple search you do, whether it's on Google and you're looking for an Italian restaurant. And it gives you one where you're located rather than perhaps where your home is or where your office is, because that's what's more relevant to you. So this entire field of contextual intelligence is early and is getting more and more integrated with other people's information in order to provide you with what you want automatically and intuitively. And so that's kind of the strategic direction, and we have a lot of opportunities to add contextual intelligence, which we are looking to do and to integrate it with other people's information and applications, which we're also looking to do. In terms of the effect on margins, which was the second part of your question, it's very, very difficult to isolate a single element into a fail process, and whether you won because of this or whether you got a higher price than you otherwise would have because of this. We certainly don't think it's hurting. There are many companies out there that are deciding we're the right strategic partner of choice because of what we can offer. How much more we win as a result of that, how much more money we get out of that is really, really hard to isolate that elements from others, but we think it's helping.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So unfortunately, I have to give you the same answer, which is we really don't believe that, by definition, it can be significant. It doesn't mean it's 0, but it's very small. And I -- this kind of reciting case, there's new people on the call. But if I had a company out there, if we had 100,000 people at the company, on average, on a global basis, we might have 7,000 people using headsets at that particular company. Now it might be a little higher in the U.S., probably be a lot higher with financial services, but that would be a reasonable answer. We might have somewhere around 1,400 headsets being purchased from us as a replacement flow per year, very, very steady, okay? A little over 100 a month. If we had to use the installation, we might get 50,000 headsets coming to us in the first year. We don't think the replacement cycle would be slower, if anything we think it might be faster. So what would I lose in the first year? Well, I would lose 1,400 headsets, okay, in the first year, but I gained 50,000. That to me is not a significant amount of cannibalization from a UC opportunity. Of course, it varies by vendor, and it varies by company. It's still fairly early stage, but that's why we don't think there is significant cannibalization.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Let me cover that a little bit. So I think that, from a geographic basis, obviously, the heart of our concerns are within Europe. And I would say that secondarily, and Pam didn't mention that, there's been increasing concerns over other economies as well, other leading major economies. So that's the source of our concern. It's not really on a business segment basis. It's more geographically driven by economic conditions.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So I really think it has been driven by economic conditions. And you're right, sometimes, with new technologies, if there are a powerful point in the curve, they are able to drive right through that. We haven't seen that occur at this point in time. I think it may still be a little too nascent. We haven't hit the real strong part of that curve yet. I guess I would say that I -- beyond geography, I have not seen a particular vertical industry that's been able to kind of go forward despite this or be less effective. Really, it looks significantly more scattered from that. It's certainly more in the enterprise area, where we've seen some of those decisions come down for slowing, as opposed to the SMB.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, actually, the data is heavily correlated. I think that our business has always been somewhat linked to economic activity, and I think psychology is also linked to it. When people read those same newspapers, they often decide, "Let's wait a little bit and see how things go." So it just reduces the urgency around the world economy. And where the headlines and fear is highest, it reduces the urgency even more sharply.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: The policy on that is that we really don't take risk on the cash. And so we are heavily reduced by the low rates on the risk-free securities.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, it's always hard to tell how some of these things play out. There are new offerings from major enterprise vendors, Cisco recently with Jabber extending and certainly, Microsoft with the upgraded version of Lync coming. It's hard to say how -- to your point, I mean, this is so embryonic, and we haven't had repetition on this. How significant enterprises will take this, whether they will choose to pause with deployment plans as a result, and if so by how much in terms of new proof of concept in piloting. So it's a variable. We think -- to your other comment, though, we think probably the variable diminishes a little bit over time.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So -- okay, there are 2 different questions. We're going to try to remember them. But the first one, really in terms of competitive intensity, I would say, no significant change there. If anything, we've seen what I would call kind of a gradual, continued gradual increase in competitive intensity. I think that everyone sees the UC market opportunity and is convinced of it. But at the same time, the most of the market is yet to materialize. So while people are stepping up resources and increasingly, in response to our clear leadership in terms of value, we're seeing all the heavier price-cutting. At the same time, it's not a dramatic change that I could point to from period to period but rather something that's slight from period to period. I think that in terms of the growth in APAC, for sure, we just launched the product. For sure, it, therefore, ramps up some. And so, at least from the standpoint of that product, I don't expect the same sort of market share growth that we've had in the last quarter to continue. We think it will continue to sell well in the market and are still some share gain opportunities for us in some regions. But the primary incremental impact of that product was probably in the last quarter. Now there are other products that we intend to bring out into the Bluetooth markets, I don't want you to take something overly negative out of that comment that's not intended. But from the standpoint of that product, the primary lift in terms of sell-through has been achieved.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: The part of your question I didn't hear at the very end, but I'll cover the part that I heard at the beginning. So we are seeing an opportunity to reduce cost, really because it's actually difficult to manage with 4 separate operating buildings. So it's more difficult in terms of logistics, in terms of the management structure you have to have, in terms of material flows and so forth. So we can operate more effectively and at lower costs in a single facility than we can in 4 separate facilities. In addition to which, it just so happens that the property market there is relatively soft compared to where we have been before. And so we're able to take advantage of the opportunity to buy far cheaper than we could lease. And finally, we'll be putting in a solar infrastructure that also will save us some money in terms of operating expenses. So we expect that we will achieve most of the savings pretty rapidly after the facility is up in operation, which we expect to be early summer of next year. Now there was another part of the question I don't think I heard.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So that's going to be a very small amount of undoubtedly inventory bulge and some one-time costs, but we don't think those are going to be significant.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. We don't think it's primarily a function of lumpiness of the business. We think it's primarily a function of the economy. We have seen this slow before and then picked back up. In this case, we really do think it's up primarily due to economic factors.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, we don't go out beyond a single quarter, except when we go very far. And so I don't want to give you an assumption for the quarter after the coming quarter. But clearly, what we are trying to register with you is that our business in total, UC, consumer, Office and Contact Center, we think is being affected by economic factors and will be in the current quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: It doesn't really shift that dramatically on a quarterly basis. Don't get me wrong. These vendors are fighting tooth and nail with each other for market share. And they may have shifts in their competitive win rate based on things. But the deployments from us tend to lag and tend to expand out over time, so we don't get the kind of radical shift, where we are from quarter-to-quarter in our market share mix.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think that -- again, I really don't like to talk about our vendors, because I don't think they want to hear about my comments about their business. I think that the leaders in that market are pretty well known. We work with all of them. Again, I don't think there's been a radical shift over the last quarter.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: We still think we have order volatility. I mean, if you look at the data, it's still not in my mind following with this high R-squared, so to speak, the historic trends that used to. We still have data moving out of the line and then sometimes coming back for the quarter as a whole. The volatility is probably a little lower. But for those of us dealing with it week by week, month by month, trying to forecast materials and supply chains and so forth, the volatility remains higher.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: All right. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time. If you have any further questions, we're all available via phone. Thank you.
Barbara V. Scherer: Thanks, Ken. Hello again, everyone. Thank you for your support and interest in Plantronics and also very much to the relationship I've enjoyed with so many of you over the 15.5 years I've been with the company. I decided to retire from full-time CFO work to focus on board-level work and other interesting business opportunities, while enjoying a much more flexible lifestyle and that's time for family, friends and travel. I continue to be enthusiastic about Plantronics' market opportunities and therefore, its revenue and profit outlook. The markets we currently serve totaled about $2 billion in calendar '11 and are expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 8% to 9%, $3.1 billion by calendar 2016. Within that, OCC is expected to grow at 13% to 14% CAGR, driven by the growth of Unified Communications. Specifically, we expect the industry revenues for OCC products to grow from $920 million in calendar '11 to $1.7 billion by calendar '16. Fundamentally, the driver for that 13% to 14% growth is that the next communication platform for enterprise is the UC platform. CIOs are rolling out UC and the decision as to who gets a headset or other audio endpoint becomes a corporate decision. The CIO is making that decision and issuing headsets as part of the overall solution. Typically, 50% to 75% of knowledge workers are expected to receive headsets as part of a UC rollout. Our 5-year market model, which we discussed in our May year-end earnings call, assumes that by calendar 2016, that the installed base of active UC licenses supporting voice is 73 million. And 52% of those knowledge workers are using headsets or other audio endpoints, resulting in an installed base of audio endpoints of 38 million. This leads to an industry revenue from UC audio endpoint of $900 million in 2016. UC industry revenues of $900 million would support far more than $350 million in UC revenues for Plantronics in calendar 2016. 2016 is not the endpoint. Frost & Sullivan expects a percent of all knowledge workers worldwide, covered by a UC license, to grow from less than 20% in 2016 to about 40% in 2020 and to continue to grow after that to 70% by 2025. Why is this? UC is a communications technology that is inherently viral. As more players use it, others tend to. We have to use Adobe and Word and email and texting because others communicate to you using those applications. If your customers and partners expect to use and exchange presence information, desktop video and so forth, you need to use it, too. This sounds that many companies will not want to fall behind the curve on this technology. Finally, many enterprise communication vendors will begin to stop supporting their Legacy PBX systems. We can then see a strong growth driven by the paradigm shift to UC for well over a decade. As the number of knowledge workers covered by UC licenses grows, we believe the installed base and the revenues associated with the sale of audio endpoint, such as those we make, to grow even faster. The reason audio endpoint revenue growth should continue to grow strongly after 2016 include upgrades from the installed base should start to kick in, so that they're both new and replacement revenue in the revenue stream; deployment should begin to go faster, given all that will be learned during the first 5 years of UC and enterprise; and 3, value-add applications will be available to deliver on the promise of contextual intelligence. So this is my last conference call with Plantronics, but not yet my last interaction with the investment community representing Plantronics. Pam, Greg and I will be traveling to Boston next week for the Oppenheimer Conference and look forward to seeing you on Tuesday, August 14 in Boston. I very much look forward to introducing Pam to as many of you, who can make it as possible. I'm sure you'll be as impressed with her as I've been. She was my absolutely top pick of an outstanding pool of candidates. I particularly like her unique blend of deep financial strength, coupled with a strategic and analytical mind and her software background. Adding value through software is becoming increasingly important for many tech companies and certainly is very much part of the strategy for Plantronics. While we've added software engineers and other resources, having a strong CFO, who knows software and services, will be really valuable to the company as it moves forward, both in terms of managing the accounting and other intricacies of that but more importantly, providing experienced guidance to lead the company to continued success. In short, I'm excited about my future and the future for Plantronics. With that, let me turn it over to Pam.
Barbara V. Scherer: Okay, so it's Barbara again. First, let me cycle back first to your cash flow from operations question. For Q1, it was $28.2 million and CapEx was $16.6 million, of which $11 million was the building and land purchase that Pam covered. And on Europe and Africa, it was down 1.3% versus a year ago and 2.9% sequentially. That 2.9% sequential was about twice the decline that we experienced in the U.S., which is down 1.5% sequentially. With our hedging strategy, the FX doesn't catch up with us for a while, because we hedge 12 months out, 1 month at a time. So we have a window in front of us at this point in time of 12 months in hedged. And it's a costless collar. So we've got a floor and a ceiling. And so we really -- we did have some negative impact from FX in the quarter on the P&L. But in total, to the operating income line versus a year ago, it's very minimal, less than $0.5 million. Eventually, it would, of course, catch up with us significantly because most of our Europe and Africa revenue is, in fact, nominated in local currencies.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. It's -- some of those hedges -- the spot rates drop during the summer and so, not necessarily this time, probably more like June -- I'm sorry, April, May of...
Pamela J. Strayer: John, so our gross margin this quarter benefited from a lot of small improvement. So we had better freight costs. We also had lower returns, so our return reserve was down. We were also able to take advantage of some lower costs in our component parts. So we are expecting our gross margin next quarter to be about the same level, maybe slightly higher.
Pamela J. Strayer: No. I would say that our gross margins always vary based on product mix a little bit. And that's going to continue going forward. But the benefit we saw this quarter was really from cost management. It wasn't from a product mix or a particular segment doing better than another.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I don't think we've got the detail broken down by product group. I would say that weeks on hand, we're about 4.6 at the end of June, which was up slightly from the end of the March quarter and up slightly from about 4 weeks on hand at the end of June of last year.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. I would say it's mostly sales and marketing. I don't think we give a lot of detail by functional line item. But we expect total operating expenses next quarter to come down by $2 million in total. Most of that will come out of the sales and marketing line, but they'll be a little bit out of R&D because of one-time expenses.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. That's our current best estimate for the rest of the year. That's the rate that we'll be using.
