Ken Kannappan: Sure. This is Ken. I’d start out with the answer on these. So first of all on the stereo side, yes, we benefited both from a buoyant market which was growing but also obviously we grew above that with some brand new products doing extremely well in terms of expanding our position in the market. Just to give you a rough sense, I would say probably about half of it represented buoyancy in the market and about half of it represented market share gains. I think you asked about mono side as well, there we don't think that market is doing that well and we think this is primarily market share gains on our side due to a new product. On the gaming side and if we get exactly the question there but because that we had some new products were well received. Having said that we're still at a fairly nascent stage in our business, we will be adding more to our portfolio later this year and continue to ramp this over time. I mean there may have been enough items to your question that I may have missed one or two. So if I missed something. Please let me know what I missed.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Well, first of all let me just say honestly, when you still have heads that right now you get all the revenue right away. In this case we're dealing with this monthly subscription so just to consider the financial impact to be very modest over time and it actually requires, therefore fairly large portfolio. But having said that there's no downside after you sold the initial unit, you're continuing to get revenues and it is an extremely high margin revenues. And as we’ve broaden that out to more and more customers, we do expect to have a very nice addition to our profitability. And of course this is the other part of it adding significant more value to our customers business and being a more valued partner.
Ken Kannappan: Our actual belief is, this is going to be a positive and let me just explain why? Number one, in fact a lot of the people that are focused on that model whether you call it managed services cloud hosting type of stuff, for them this is a fantastic fit. I think for businesses they’ve learned that Office 365 represents a wonderful scalable flexible opportunity for them to deploy the technology. I think for the Microsoft sales force is represents a kind of like I was talking about with our monthly subscription also a need not to backend load their quarters and their fiscal years, they have to get that out there. I think across Microsoft, they’re really interested in converting some of those licenses which are only active on IM in presence and not yet active on voice. So we actually believe this will be positive, now having said that it doesn't mean that its instantaneous like a switch and going to be a sudden mountain, but nonetheless we think this is going to be positive over the course of the year.
Ken Kannappan: I think if I could mention I mean it also is a perfect reinforcement for our SaaS businesses. Sorry go ahead.
Ken Kannappan: So we do think it's positive, obviously it represents a different replacement. So I think that talk to that a little bit and Joe just have why – because he’s still slightly new on the calls, he won’t conform or deny things that we know, even if they are semi-public.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. So let me try to answer both of those questions. First of all, the primary driver was both are great new portfolio products we had. But also a very, very good market for stereo, so clearly the growth was strongest in stereo during the quarter. I think that the short answer to your crossover is ironically we actually had growth in the mono side as well, largely behind a new product, even though new category there is not buoyant. And so we have not yet reached the crossover point even though we did have revenue growth, so mono is still larger than stereo. In terms of what's the model going forward. We actually do expect the stereo business to grow, which doesn't mean that there weren't some initial loads in the quarter there were, unless there's still new products coming and we are seeing very good sell-through. So we’re still expecting to see growth from this level.
Ken Kannappan: All right. I'll try to answer these questions, again we're not going to go too much into this because it's really premature and we're going to share a business model and more on the go-to-market following our fiscal year end conference call which we think will probably be the beginning of May of next year and really will be which I’ll sharing at that point in time. I'll give you a few pieces of color on this right now. And first we do think it is unique technology, we do think it is a dramatically better solution. It is not fatiguing like those other solutions are and at the end of the day for most companies that we have talked to, we represent the only solution that they see, they can really do what they want to allow them to a save huge amount of real estate cost redensification, but in their minds even more importantly improve the productivity of their people in the kind of collaborative environment they want to have for their key talents. So we feel this is absolutely a premium offering and it's much more to it as well, the system is dynamic, it’s adaptive, its self-diagnostic, it's going to be upgraded through additional features. And so we view it as night and day different. In terms of route to market, it is going to go, it is going to have to be not direct, but we will support in the initial phases, we will need channels that are experienced in this sort of thing to install it. And so we will be – we will absolutely be maintaining our channel driven our overall business model.
Ken Kannappan: So, I don't know if we’re disclosing that. I can ask Pam if we disclose, I’m sorry, we’re not disclosing that at this time.
Ken Kannappan: I was going to make an adding comment. I think that what Pam said is true, when we add in businesses like SaaS and like SoundScaping we think those represent a significant high margin additions to our business it over time represent upside.
Ken Kannappan: Well, I mean as always we believe that you see can be a little bit erratic. So having said that as you say we do think we're in a fundamental secular growth situation. As I commented earlier relative to Microsoft same can be true with other vendors, we’re continuing to see growing ASP since of these sorts of solutions they represent faster better cheaper at the end of the day for companies, better flexibility, lower cost, better contingent performance increasingly easier to manage. And so we continue to expect further increase in adoption which over time again will grow our business.
