S. Kenneth Kannappan: All right. So I'm going to try to remember all those questions. And if I miss one, just follow up with me. First, let me just start with kind of the last quarter. What we saw, and I think Barbara covered this a little bit, but I'm going to kind of break it down a little bit between OCC and mobile. In OCC, we saw a better-than-normal July relative to June, stated a better-than-normal August relative to our expectations. And then the second week of September, we didn't get the lift that we normally get. And then we finished with a pretty good week 12 and week 13 of September of winding us up at a very strong level relative to our OCC business. On the mobile side, we saw a pretty good reaction to some of our new products, which were just starting at that point in time. And so the overall mobile business was about in line with our expectations, continuing to see that category being a little bit weak for mono voice and continuing to see some international strength. As I move into the December quarter, we had ironically, again, a pretty good weeks 1, 2 and 4. And week 3 was a little bit weaker on the OCC side. It was not necessarily a European phenomena. We did see -- and again, it's only really slightly weaker and in the pattern of, I would have to say, higher overall volatility in the business that we've seen in the past. So that's kind of the framework on it a little bit. It has a little bit of business moved out, perhaps a little bit of business has moved out. We've certainly been aware of that. But at the same time, I'd also say that there are some -- some of our verticals, we've heard some concerning signs. And particularly in financial services, there have been a number of layoffs in the business. And as we look into the December quarter, there's a couple of things that come up on a comparative basis. One is, we do have a little bit of a negative on FX from September to December; and two, we're coming off a really strong September quarter, which affects the comparison into December. So I would say there's greater signs of volatility. We did have a slightly weaker week 3. But overall, nothing to suggest that the business has really got any fundamental issues with it, and not necessarily concentrated in Europe. UC continues to remain, in our minds, pretty healthy. Has there been some concern related to the old -- the whole topic of push-outs -- will there be some in UC? Absolutely. But overall, we still think it's pretty healthy. I don't want to get -- I mean I've done in the past, but I don't want to get in the business forecasting UC on a quarterly basis just because it's still embryonic and volatile enough that it's hard to make a prediction that narrow into this quarter. And we haven't had enough December quarters to understand the seasonality of the rollout and how that's affected by year end. But we continue to believe that the fundamentals are good for UC. I think on the consumer side, a lot of people are still trying to figure out what kind of a holiday shopping season we will actually have. I think that in general, retailers are remaining fairly light relative to their inventory levels. And if the season turns out to be good, therefore, that could be a positive. But I think most people believe that the consumer markets will be cautious this quarter. And hopefully, we'll have less hangover going into the March quarter if their reported season is not that good. John, I'm afraid that I probably missed 1 or 2 of your questions, so tell me what I forgot.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Nothing has changed. I mean, we've -- a couple of comments around it, though. We continue to be surprised that the UC margins and pricing are good. We were expecting a little deterioration. That clearly hasn't happened to this point in time. The attach rate on headsets to Lync continues to be very strong and favorable. And I would say that also we're independent of UC. We're continuing to see growing category interest due to one software [ph] only clients like Skype at this point in time, as well as to greater use of the PC for audio and, therefore, the need to be able to access it, as well as the use of PC independent from audio on the phone where you have a greater hands-free need. So I think all those things kind of remain a positive for us. I think the -- from our standpoint, the emerging markets' strength continues to be increased secular driver.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: I would say that this is a -- on the softer end of our normal seasonality reflecting the fact that one, there's some category concerns; but two, there's also just some macroeconomic consumer concerns on the holiday season.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. Well, first, I don't think the sales cycle has changed at all, okay? I mean we're hearing very consistently that the sales cycle remains as it has before now. There has been certainly some uptick in what I would call broadly as the SME type of markets, slightly smaller organizations, where the sales cycle is naturally slower. And then you get to more numbers of firms, but it's disproportionate, the number of firms, relative to the number of actual revenues because they're smaller firms. So is that moving forward? Absolutely. Where relative to larger firms, those are still moving forward in our mind. As I mentioned before, there were a few cases that we are aware of were they have slowed down a little bit due to macro economic conditions. I think those were more the exception than a norm, but there were a few of those.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: As I've tried to outline, we're seeing increasing interest in the category apart from UC as well. Those people trying to use softphone-only types of clients for certain types of cost-effective communication, as well as increasing use of the PC for broader audio applications, as well as people on the phone wanted to use a PC at the same time, so just hands-free productivity. We also saw -- we have seen some what I'd call renewed investments in terms of contact centers. There are several trends going on in the contact center as they are going more upscale in terms of the caliber of employee that they hire. And that's led to some renewed equipment purchases.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well -- so I guess the technical answer to all those questions are no. But let me kind of rephrase a little bit. We've definitely seen a pickup in the contact center over the course of this year. Contact center does have economic sensitivity. It's always had some economic sensitivity. We are able to push out or accelerate replacements based upon those conditions. And of course, retail expansions have always been cyclical with respect to the economy. I think though that there is several fundamental trends that have been going on. I mean one is that people have been increasingly trying to focus on improving customer service, and they've been increasingly trying to use what I'd call kind of CRM-like, but on an individual basis, greater customer relationship management on the part of individual agents and a broader set of responsibilities. That's led to a higher-skilled individual, greater use of wireless. We've seen some of those people too as long-term promotional candidates inside the organization. So all of those things have been increasing the vibrancy of that market. Can it change? Of course, it can change. Again, there is economic sensitivity. But we think that there's still, in general, some more room to come within the contact center market.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I mean, Europe is of course factored into our guidance. And are we seeing some different trends in Europe? So far, Europe has held up reasonably well. I would say that we have a perhaps somewhat higher level of concern in terms of volatility for Europe relative to other parts of the world.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, the mobile business, even if the consumer environment is weaker, is still going to have a holiday element to it. So it would be an incredibly bad holiday season if there was not at least some seasonal lift to that business. So we do expect that. Independent of that, we also have a very well-received couple of new products that are shipping. And so I think that there is certainly a very good expectation for there to be some holiday lift.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, so first of all, it's hard to predict as well in a volatile environment. And that's part of the reason why we've increased our transparency, both last quarter and this quarter in terms of kind of very specific data points. So really, we have 3 very good weeks, and one wasn't that weak, but it was just a little bit weaker. But when we take the data together over a period and use some of the models that have been the most accurate for us, it does give us a slight down. Now it's a slight down over what is in fact very strong Q2 levels. So we don't consider it to be anything more than what we've laid out on the table and in terms of the implications for it. So can we be super accurate at this time? We really can't. I mean we've seen business both pick up suddenly, as people respond to more favorable emotional economic news, and go the other way as well. Our business people respond to the overall macroeconomic environment.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I don't think U.S. underperformed per se, but let me kind of comment back on that. We have seen that UC is being adopted more rapidly in Europe and then secondarily in Asia as a whole. Now some parts of Asia-Pacific are ahead of Europe. But nonetheless, I think that they've got a little bit of more of that boost. And I would say that Asia-Pacific has benefited from emerging markets growth, which have gotten much higher GDP growth overall. So I would say that the systemic inherent growth rates have been higher in those regions than it had been in the U.S. I didn't view it as the U.S. underperforming.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, there has been quite a bit of discussion. We're expecting to revisit that with the board as we approach the end of the fiscal year and the conclusion of this repurchase activity. And again, that discussion not having happened yet, there will be an updated set of stock prices, financial conditions, outlook and all that kind of stuff. I don't want to preview it too much. I will tell you though that the board has generally been in the view of not to repatriate overseas cash absent the events of a tax holiday or something like in the hopes that such a holiday will actually arise.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. The -- this -- the December quarter, we normally see a very good October. It stays fairly good, I would say, through November and getting very close to Christmas, in fact. There's, of course, a little bit of weakening around Thanksgiving, where you lose what amounts to kind of 2.5 days for the holiday. There is usually a slight tapering just before Christmas. But then it just comes to something very close to a standstill from Christmas through New Year, so when we get very, very little business.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think that -- couple of comments on that. First, of course, we're spending largely the way that we intended to. So I would say that where we're overspending, we're still early in our improvement and maturity fitting our new business. So while we've hired some really outstanding talents. Joe Burton who has come on board as our CTO and SVP of Development. This is an organization that has longtime roots in, say, hardware, acoustics, engineering, excellence of business and some of the new areas in software, firmware and so forth. We could have, in hindsight, done a number of things better from our original architecture to how well we implemented audio and made a test of the software to enhance the efficiency with which we developed code and those things. So I think we still have an opportunity to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of a number of the things that we are doing in the organization. And it's not so much any areas. It's kind of the general opportunity for improvement. I think that what we are on the brink of, okay, is I think a very fundamental strategic change where we have got incredibly valuable information about the state. And I mentioned that before with sensors, understanding whether somebody has something on or not and being able to turn that into context about what somebody is doing, what they want to do and thereby enabling communication systems to be more effective, to allow somebody themselves to do complex things more easily, more intuitively, is a very, very rich and fertile space. It's all these conferences you will see that context and contextualized communications is becoming a very, very hot topic. I think we're on the leadership edge of that. And I think that it is a embryonic space for us in terms of adding more and more value.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, I mean we're -- and I would say and related to that, what you see is that we've been improving our platform to increase efficiency and hardware but can improve that as well, because as you're adding more and more value on the software side, that gives you greater potential to reduce some of the total number of hardware platforms that we've got deployed.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Thank you very much for joining us on the call. As always, we're available if you have any further questions. I appreciate your time.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes, it's -- there is variation over the years. But in general, when I look at the most typical years and kind of drop the low liers and the high outliers, a more typical sequential change is plus 3%.
Barbara V. Scherer: Right. So let me recap on that. So against the 7 million, we have as of now 1.560 million left. And we continue to be buyers in the open market. The 50 million ASR that we did in August, we took delivery of the initial shares under that program. But there is a -- an amount that remains -- that you get at the end when -- in this case, it's Goldman. When they are finished with the program, they deliver shares. And the timing of that and the amount of that is not something we can estimate. So the shares that we will still at some point get under that second piece are part of the 1.560 million that remains outstanding. And in total, we believe that we should be able to wrap this up this fiscal year.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. So you should be expecting them to be sequentially down for those reasons and the fact that just the December quarter normally has a greater mix of consumer promotions -- of various types, not limited to consumer. So you should expect a decline, and if you kind of look at prior Q3s, I think that's probably a good indication. I've given you the operating margin that we're expecting in the guidance. And we've indicated that we expect OpEx to be about the same as a year ago, so there's probably not just too much math backed into it.
Barbara V. Scherer: So on OCC, we're up $18.4 million, and $9 million of that growth was UC, and the balance was from the core business. So of the dollars of growth, it was actually about 50-50 between traditional and UC, which is terrific. It's a good balance. It was over -- throughout geographies, some nice pickups on the traditional OCC-quoted business as well.
Barbara V. Scherer: Well -- so the margins on UC have certainly improved from a year ago. And so they're improving. And basically, the gross margins on UC are right on track with our overall model of 50% to 52% gross margins. So what's actually driving the margin up, one, there's been FX; two, it's the actual mix within OCC. So we've seen some strength in contact center kind of mapped and recorded. And then just some of the high runners within OCC are products where we've been able to get some cost reduction, despite what's overall a very poor cost reduction environment. So there have been a number of things that are favorable, and so we've got a pretty high gross margin right now. Over time, we'd still look to our long-term model and really focus on the 20% to 23% operating margin as the real long-term target for the business.
Barbara V. Scherer: So we're definitely going to continue to invest in UC. And what we really did on the spending side was we basically put most planned new hires on hold, other than a handful in really critical areas. So it's not cutting, it's deferring and pushing that out. And then on the discretionary expense side, the typical culprits that you can trim back, we've gone through that. We've done that. Very good collaboration here among the management team in making that happen, just to bring the expenses down a bit, given what we're seeing in the incoming order pattern. On the operating margin side, year-to-date we are at 23%. And the metric, the 20% to 23%, isn't meant to be quarter-by-quarter, but more of a cumulative view. And then the guidance for the December quarter at 20.6% to 22.2%, that will bring it on a year-to-date basis a little under 23%. So we are operating toward the high end, which is terrific. And we expect in this kind of phase to be more at the high end, just like our gross margins are higher. And we're still in the early stages of UC, so the investments are a higher percent of revenue, so it's netting out still to the right operating margin. And then as you look at that model going forward over the next several years, we continue to expect to operate in this range. But we expect to evolve toward a little lower gross margin, a little lower E-to-R [ph] ratio but about the same operating margin.
Barbara V. Scherer: I'd also add on that we started to see the kind of typical pickup in bookings for mobile products in September, especially as you move toward the end of September, which is very normal as you start to -- you have those placements and you start to get some shipments going in.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. I mean our largest dollar growth in OCC year-over-year was in the U.S. And far and away the largest dollar growth sequentially in OCC was in the U.S. You might have picked up on that perspective about the U.S. related to our comments about the mobile market, where in the mobile market, year-over-year, we're up plus 3%. But within that, we had strong growth in EMEA and Asia-Pac, also Latin America and Brazil, and then it was offset by declines in the U.S. But that comment was very limited to the mobile market.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. So it would be about flat versus a year ago, we're thinking, and that would translate to actually down a bit sequentially. And that is because we did take some management action to defer hiring and to actually cut some discretionary expenses, things like travel and training and entertainment in some areas that we could -- some expenditures we could as easily make at a later time that aren't critical right now. So we went through and we trimmed out that type of spending.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes, there's a lag impact because of the hedging. So we hedge the revenues out a year in advance, so we do it one month at a time. So we do it, a hedge. So right now, we're basically hedged through this time next year. And their cost is collar, so there's a floor and the ceiling. So if we look at -- and then we have a natural hedge in the form of euro-denominated expenses and pound-denominated expenses. So when we look at potentially very large movements that are sustained, we actually pick up a lot of benefit on the OpEx because eventually the hedges will normalize, but it is lagged. So revenue would decline, costs would stay about the same, gross margin would decline, but OpEx would decline. And it doesn't have as dramatic an impact even once it comes to pass, but it does have an impact...
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes, the 3 million -- and I believe all the components of that include the delivery of the shares under the -- the second delivery under the ASR from the first program, the delivery from the ASR we announced in August and the open-market repurchases. And the sum of all those come to that number.
Barbara V. Scherer: Yes. So our domestic cash at the end of the quarter was $17.7 million. And actually, as of today, our line of credit is up to $26.5 million. And I expect over this quarter that we should hit the peak on our borrowing, under the line of credit, probably in the neighborhood of $55 million to $60 million, maintaining a small domestic cash balance. Those have the right under that line of credit to ask for it to be increased up to a total of $200 million.
Barbara V. Scherer: I should know that off the top of my head, and I actually don't. It's LIBOR plus a very small markup. It's very, very low, but I don't actually remember the rates, so I'll get back to you.
Barbara V. Scherer: Let me just come back on the question on the rate. It's LIBOR plus 1.1 points. There are a couple of options. The cheapest one tends to be the one-month LIBOR, so our all-in rate is running around 1.35% right now.
