Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Matt, so why don't I take a stab at this. So first, as it relates to demand, I think where I started is we still see very strong demand, particularly in notebooks, driven heavily by Consumer and Chromebooks. We also saw strong demand in commercial notebooks in Q3, and that demand continues to remain strong. I think the way to think about it is this year has a slightly skewed seasonality just given the supply chain challenges we saw in Q2, which certainly helped the backlog entering Q3. We still have a strong backlog on the notebook side. But the way to think about it is our second half of the year should be historically stronger than our first half. Or maybe the other way to think about it is, if we look at our Q4 outlook, our Q4 forecast is roughly in line with what we see a typical Q4 being as a percentage of the total annual revenue mix. As it relates to sort of the margin profile, we are seeing much stronger demand, again, on Consumer and Chromebook, and that does have a slightly negative impact on our overall margin rate that is factored into our Q4 outlook as well. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. As I said in my prepared remarks -- and really as expected or better than expected was our performance in Q3 and our outlook for Q4. And so we are expecting improvement sequentially in our total revenue and our Supplies revenue in the total units as well as in the margin dollars and margin rate from Q3 to Q4. So said more directly, yes, we view Q3 as the trough. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: And on the subscription side, to, I guess, finish my thought there, I think one of the key things that we keep on focusing on is Instant Ink subscribers. And we started off the year -- if I reflect on SAM last year, just about a year ago, we were roughly in the 5 million subscribers. We're now over 7 million, would expect 8 million by the end of this fiscal year, which is, I think, a strong indicator of the shift to subscription model. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So from a return of capital perspective, the principles we outlined at the value plan are clearly in place. That does include the significant return of capital. We do continue to believe our stock is undervalued. We are demonstrating our ability to generate strong free cash flow. This year, the outlook is $2.5 billion to $3 billion. I would say, historically, we've been at the $3.5 billion north level. I won't comment on future years at this point, but I think what you're seeing is the agility in our portfolio and ability to manage, it's a strong free cash flow generating set of businesses. That ultimately gets to where we are today. And we are kind of, at the same time, recognizing it's a dynamic economic environment. So we're taking all those factors in considerations. And we plan to be active in the market and buy back at elevated levels. It's at the approximately $1 billion per quarter at minimum, and we see that over the next few quarters. Clearly, if things change in the economic environment, we can update you on any change to the return of capital plans from there. In terms of sort of source of capital and your question around net debt, we do have comfort over time of having a higher net debt level and specifically even higher gross debt. And at the appropriate time, we have the opportunity to potentially access the debt markets again. We are still slightly below our leverage target of 1.5 to 2x, and so I think we just need to monitor the situation. And again, at the appropriate time, we do have comfort of going out and accessing more debt. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And I think you're right to bifurcate between the 2 segments. And on the Print side, we are expecting above normal sort of historical sequential growth driven by the fact that we did see a stronger month 3 on the commercial side from a usage perspective than we saw exiting last quarter, and we're continuing to see strength on the consumer side. And while there's still some small lingering kind of ripple effects from the supply chain, the factories, again, are generally at normalized levels. So that gives us confidence in an above normal sequential growth on the Print side. On the PC side, we're expecting a below normal sequential growth. And that is driven by the 2 factors, I think, that we respond to in the first question. The first one being we saw sort of the skewed seasonal patterns between Q2 and Q3 and, therefore, have a much higher Q3 base that we would grow from into Q4. And then the second factor is it really starts with the demand, but we're seeing such strong demand on consumer notebooks. In Chromebooks in particular, we are supply constrained. And that does impact our growth in Q4. And therefore, again, we would see below normal sequential growth. You put those 2 together at the company level given Personal Systems was 72% of our revenue this past quarter that, at a company level, we would anticipate that Q3 to Q4 would have a below normal sequential growth at the company level. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So I'll comment on the return of capital, and maybe Enrique, you want to chime in on M&A. The comments, they really are, I would say, more in the quarters ahead. Clearly, as the economic situation stabilizes in the time frame ahead, we certainly can update our view on return of capital at that point in time. But as we see it today, the $1 billion at minimum -- and again, if I just reflect on Q3 just given where our stock price is, that represented roughly 4% of our shares outstanding. And so anywhere between 3% to 4% of our shares, ability to buy back with that $1 billion at minimum. And so I would say that's really for the quarters to come. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's really just mix. And as we're seeing such a large demand in our consumer mix, and in particular, in Chromebook mix, it does have a slight downtick on our margin profile. I would say, over the long term, all of the actions and opportunities we have in mix remain: driving more displays, accessories, services in premium categories. But certainly, as we evaluate the demand and backlog that we see today, it is more heavily weighted to the notebook, consumer notebook, and that does have a downtick on our margin profile. So it's really mix. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's likely driven by timing in terms of sort of the accounting treatment on the fully diluted share count, it's dependent upon the timing in the quarter in which you repurchase those shares. We ended the quarter with 1.4 billion shares. We would definitely see that going down in the quarters to come given the larger and elevated levels of our buyback program. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think the -- sort of the question or issue starts with demand. And again, we are seeing strong demand in, particularly, categories of our Personal Systems business, i.e., notebooks and consumer notebooks, and Chromebooks in particular. That is creating outsized demand. And therefore, when we look at supply, the areas that we see constraints are in panels and in CPUs broadly to fulfill that demand. 
Steven Fieler;Chief Financial Officer: We are seeing in certain parts of the basket of overall commodities and components some deflationary trends. There are other parts that are more inflationary or stable. When we put them all together, including the cost of logistics, we are viewing Q4 to be roughly at similar levels as Q3, again, some up, some down, but overall, kind of flat sequentially. 
Enrique Lores: And maybe only one additional comment. As we look at the next quarter, really, the key limitation is not on the demand side, it's actually on the supply chain side, because given the demand that we see in some specific segments, we really need to find -- need continue to find more components, processors and panels to respond to the demand that we see. 
Enrique Lores: And as we look at the recovery, the recovery is really very aligned to the evolution of the pandemic. We have seen the regions where -- that are performing better versus the pandemic, have stronger performance, APJ. The regions where still the pandemic is stronger are the ones that still the impact is bigger, like the Americas. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me start with our global number, and then I will give more color per region. At the global level, as we shared last quarter, in April, we saw a decline on Managed Print Services pages, which is a good proxy, of minus 40%. We have exited July in a minus 25% range. So through the quarter, we have seen significant improvement. We have seen a constant trend. And this is really correlated to the situation versus the pandemic. In many Asian countries where the situation is much more under control, we see volumes close to where they were before the crisis. In the U.S. and in some of the Americas countries where the impact of the virus is still the strongest, they are still behind -- significantly more behind that number. And Europe is someplace in the middle. In the countries where economic activity is almost back to normal, we see usage level not at their previous level but very close to that. And what I'm talking is really the impact on the commercial side. On the consumer side, in the other side, driven by people working from home, kids learning from home, usage levels are, in most cases, above our original projections. And this balance on consumer and commercial is what really helps us and gives us confidence in what will be the evolution of this business going forward because we can hedge on the consumer side to really manage whatever impact we see on the commercial side. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. Actually, let me clarify something. When we look at the business from a system perspective, the consumer print business is more profitable for us than the commercial print business. Hardware printers are less -- have lower gross margins, but the total business has higher profitability. So this is one of the reasons why this potential rebalancing is actually could be even beneficial for us from a margin perspective. Second, in terms of what are we doing, we are executing the strategy that we shared a few quarters ago in really evolving and shifting or rebalancing the profit between supplies and hardware. And the comments Steve was making about the growth of our Instant Ink business is a clear example of how we are driving that forward. We have seen an acceleration of the deployment of Instant Ink. We think this is a critical part of our strategy. And on the other side, the introduction of the printers with the new business model, we are on track to start having some of these printers in the market by the end of the year. 
Enrique Lores: Then let me complement that because what we are doing is we are taking a prudent approach. We acknowledge that the overall situation is still fluid, and we think it's important to stay with a high level of cash in the balance sheet to make sure we have optionality depending on how things evolve. But at the same time, given the strength of our progress, we think we can maintain these elevated levels of share buybacks for the next quarters until we see a better -- until we have better visibility of what the evolution of the overall environment will be. Answering now the M&A question, I would say that we are going to remain very disciplined with our capital allocation process. We measure any action that we do on that front against a very rigorous return on capital process. And as we have shared before, any M&A activity we do will have to be aligned with the strategies that we have described. We'll have to have better ROI than other investments. And clearly, we believe that our shares are undervalued today. And third, we need to have a clear execution plan. This remains part of our strategy. But again, we will be applying that framework against any opportunity that we will consider. 
Enrique Lores: Yes. So the current situation is making that strategy even more important because as the consumer business becomes more relevant, and this is what has happened during the last quarter and we think will continue to happen during the next few quarters. Really, the importance of the shift into a model where we have profitability, better balance between hardware and supplies, becomes even more important. And also, as we shift into subscription models, our ability to maintain high share of HP original supplies is higher, which also makes that model evolution more important. So as we look at where do we see the business going? Clearly, winning in a stronger way in the consumer side is important for us. As I mentioned before, it has higher profitability. And actually, our share is higher. A higher number of pages printed in the office are being printed on HP printers with HP Supplies. So if pages shift to the home, it's a potentially positive trend for us. And one of the elements that we have added to the strategy is the need to connect the printers in the office with the printers at home. What we are getting from many of our clients, and I think I shared that in the previous call, is that they want to enable their employees to be able to print from home in a secure way and with the companies paying for that. So what we are doing is connecting our Instant Ink service offering to the Managed Print Services offering. We had already some initiatives that we did during Q3, and we are building the infrastructure to do that in a seamless way during the next quarters. But really, what is behind that is really the ability to print anywhere in a secure way with companies paying and funding that for their employees. 
Enrique Lores: At this point, there are no changes there. We continue to have low share in the office. But of course, if the overall office market is lower, eventually, we may end up shifting some of our core focus to the consumer side, if this is the final trend that we see. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. So what we are seeing in general is that many of the big customers are not going to be returning -- having their employees return to the office in the foreseeable future. We think this is a consistent trend across different countries. Though there are countries where the situation is better under control and, therefore, the number of employees is higher. And actually, it is very similar to what we are doing internally in the company. In many countries where situation is almost normal, we have our employees working back in the office. In other countries like the U.S. where the impact is still big, most of our employees are still working from home. So this is what we see really happening across the board with many of our large customers. 
Enrique Lores: Well, let me close now with some final thoughts. First of all, I wanted to kind of emphasize the fact that we have leadership position in both consumer and commercial markets for both Personal Systems and Print. It's a source of strength for us going forward no matter how the current economic situation evolves. And we are really focused on capitalizing on the opportunities that we see ahead of us. The PC has become essential. And as we have discussed today, this is clearly an opportunity for us. But also the fact that we see growth in home printing and home subscription services are areas that are going to be helping our plans going forward. Having said that, we remain very focused on executing our strategy. We are executing what we said we were going to do a few quarters ago, and we are very confident in our ability to continue to create value going forward. Thank you for joining us today. 
