Pamela Strayer: Yes. So we were able to find more savings on top of what we announced previously. The question is what do you compare that to. And the savings that we had announced before was a comparison to what our original FY 2017 plan was going to be. So I guess what I would say in terms of forecasting OpEx. For Q1 we're expecting our OpEx to be flat to slightly down from Q4 actual. And from that point we're going to manage OpEx so that it grows slower than revenues, so we can improve our operating margins during the year. But other than that I'm not going to be giving any more guidance for the full-year.
Pamela Strayer: I guess what I would say is that for next year I mean we do expect mono to decline a little bit, so it’s going to be a smaller portion of the overall mobile mix within consumer.
Pamela Strayer: Yes. Hi, Tavis. So on the royalty revenues, what we're expecting there is about $2 million and this is ongoing royalty revenue we've had for a while, we just end up with an unusually large chunk of it in this quarter which we don't expect to recur. So we do expect like 50 basis point improvement as a result of that. Going forward I would say gross margins including Q3 there are going to be right in a range of 50% next year and then depending on product mix with Q3 being at the lower end of that range.
Pamela Strayer: Sorry, 50% to 52%. I think in the past we would tend to go a little bit north of 50%, because the currency I’m expecting it to stay within that range….
Pamela Strayer: Yes. On the legal costs, they have been running between on the GM litigation somewhere between $1 million and $2 million a quarter. And that's roughly what we expect going forward as well.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Well first of all, yes, the improved outlook is primarily driven by the stereo portfolio and what we're seeing is very good reception of the stereo portfolio. And on the one hand we expect some pickup in Q1 and on the other I would say that more the portfolio will really start to get around the holiday time frame later in the year. I would say as it relates to mono, on the one hand we certainly do expect the category is going to continue to decline some over the course of the year. It’s declined some in Q1. On the other hand, we did have some market share gains in Q1 that helped soften a little bit of that. We're getting a phenomenal reception to our new 5200, which is just been launched. As well as a nice pickup on the [case] [ph] so that further lifts the ASP and so that again helps to offset it a little bit.
Ken Kannappan: So I am going to disaggregate a little bit and talk about one piece and if this wasn’t the entire question then just let me know, but if we're talking about the core OCC business, what we believe is that actually it's been declining a little bit and actually we expect it will continue to decline a little bit. Now within core OCC, the macro economic factors tend to be very, very large relative to business. So starting off with foreign exchange rates this is a very large determinant of what we actually realize in a relatively flattish kind of economic environment. I would say that relative to GDP growth, again we're not yet seeing what we would call truly robust economic conditions driving high levels of voluntary turnover and accelerating our replacement cycle. So what we see is a relatively flat market, a slight decline as we do see UC growth and while most of that growth is incremental. There is a small part that at the end of the day is cannibalizing it. I would also say that we've seen – we continued to see an extension of the replacement cycle in our core business and that's been a slight negative on that market as well.
Ken Kannappan: So I’m going to try to answer it, if I missed part of the questions just remind me. So let me start with margins, so relative to these new areas – subscription areas, we do see them as being substantially higher margin than our existing business. Let me start with the data inside modules, the software-as-a-service areas that we announced earlier today and we would be adding additional modules over time to this. At the end of the day, this is really leveraging the data insights that we’re already able to gather and providing them to our customers and what we think is value add for their business allowing them to manage their business more easily, get information that they really want. And so we see this as a very high margin overlay as a level of value add on our existing business. And relative to the SoundScaping, again I would say this is early stage and so in the early stages many of these models you have to figure out what is going to be the OpEx required to go-to-market and to be successful, but the intrinsic gross margins of the product should be very attractive. Most of the value add is in the algorithms and so while we do need to obviously put some sound equipment and other server and so forth on locations most of the value add being really technical in nature the margins on that should also be higher than our regular business.  Device as a service, we see that as being embryonic at this point in time, but it should have some attractive margin characteristics it should reduce the replacement cycle for our products which is attractive from a P&L standpoint. So we see all these as being better. Now in terms of subscription models over time, and the growth rate, we have not attempted to add those into as yet the growth rate for our revenues. I would say that the lower rate that we see out there is really a reflection of the fact that number one, the UC market is not grown as much as we wanted and it's not at least imminently showing a sign of having a higher growth rate that would lift the total enterprise business. We've still been in a fairly sluggish macroeconomic environment and it's not clear that that global GDP number is rising. From a consumer side the mono category again is not showing great opportunities for growth and so that leaves us with the service side growing well. So this is a reflection of our view as well as third party analyst views of where we think the market growth is likely to be.
Ken Kannappan: Sure, I'll try. Well I think that you know right now we are in terms of the guidance we're not seeing a higher level of UC adoption to be a driver at overall higher level while we're still in again this relatively soft macroeconomic environments not a bad economic environment, but it's not a robust one. So you know most of our replacement cycle business, there is not a driver near-term that says hey this is why we're going to see a cyclical rebound. On the side of the UC side, while we’re seeing continued growth and there are some causes for optimism that could make it grow at a faster pace. We think it's unlikely that we're going to see a significant pick up over the near-term, there's not enough in progress to make that seem likely. It's always possible. We think it is more likely to happen longer-term. I think that the products and solutions are absolutely outstanding at this point in time. There's no question that this offers a better cheaper solution for customers. Many of the born in the cloud PBX players are seeing very, very good growth. We think that that a lot of these offerings are ready for people to adopt and therefore should have better attach rates for us. If I look at kind of the near-term puts and takes to answer that part of your question, clearly in a very near-term way you know we can get lumpy UC business, they can help us a good deal. It certainly got the potential for positive effects on the FX side as well. I would say that on the stereo consumer side and on gaming we do have a very nice new portfolio and we could see traction in those, better than what we expect. On the negative side, I would say it would primarily be a risk in the core space that the growth is sluggish, the economy is not very good. I mean, obviously there is an 0.5% U.S. GDP growth which is not a wildly robust number. And then on the mono Bluetooth side again there's always risk that we could see further contraction in that segment.
Ken Kannappan: So I would say that more of the pause that comes from macroeconomic tends to come at the system level rather than a headset level and then we tend to follow that. Relative to an economic headline, it is extremely rare for a Company to put in any kind of pause on smaller purchases at the level that we operate. To the extent that they're really worried by headlines then they might delay installation of an upgrade or a new system or something like that. Even then I would say it's fairly rare. Normally by the time you're ready to implement those plans you've got a lot of sunk investment in time and effort and you have another system that you are planning to end of life and save those license payments and so you tend to go ahead. I would say that it's usually more of a slightly longer cycle delay that it hits the sales cycle rather than at the very end of the funnel.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. I mean back to kind of what I talked about with our SoundScaping solution, right now today the only way to really deal with that environment if you're in it is to have your own private cocoon, and that's what this product is offering. It’s offering you the ability to avoid distractions, shutout the noise it's near you, and at the same time to make conversations, communicate effectively do what else other that you’re looking to do. So for those sorts of environments at the leading edge it is really been a fantastic product, separate from that you can use it anywhere. So I mean I can use that product if I’m sitting at a Starbucks and I'm the sales person or any other location that I wanted to do it. We have people using it on planes and they’re listening to conference calls. Now over Wi-Fi they’re presumably not talking and annoying their neighbors, but nonetheless it's a fantastic product, very differentiated in the market.
Ken Kannappan: So let me turn to the international business and you're right. It was a good quarter internationally. We actually saw really across the Board by which I mean both Europe as well as Asia Pacific. Pretty good conditions and actually we’re continuing to see that right now.
