Kenneth Kannappan: So I am going to take that one for a second, John. The fact of the matter is that we saw a slowdown in bookings, particularly just very, very recently. And there's a number of things in that. First, if I tell you what I'm hearing from our customers in our sales organization, it remains very positive on the outlook. This having come up and really -- just kind hit us very recently, we've not had a chance to thoroughly understand what is going on. As I think you know, sometimes, we'll take a dip in bookings during the course of the quarter, and we'll get a rebound, but sometimes it can be the beginning of something that is more worrisome. And at this point in time, we really don't know which. The most accurate models we have, historically, in forecasting our performance, are statistical, and they do use all the bookings data that we have. And therefore, we thought it was appropriate to bring down our bookings projection a little bit.
Kenneth Kannappan: Okay. I'm going to try to remember those questions, John. And if I miss one, please just remind me. So first of all, as I've mentioned kind of previously, the tax rate does vary a little bit by the ecosystem vendor that we're dealing with. Those that are software-oriented, we see higher attach rates than those that are largely pushing the hard phones. I would say that in general, we have not seen a big change in the attach rate of mix. We continue to see that the hard-phone oriented solutions have a lower initial lift, but that there is growth and follow-on applications, video, web conferencing and so forth, that are leading to a subsequent lift in that attach rate. I would still say that in the initial deployment, in those sorts of things, it's kind of fairly of that constant 10% type of attach rate. And then over time, we are seeing that lift getting up into even the 20%-type of range in terms of attach rate. I would say that on the softphone, driven mix, where of course there are hardphone options as well that go into the software. In other word you combine the link, but you're still using a USB phone or some other kind of hardphone solution. We still think that we're seeing in the range of 50-ish attach rates in those types of installations. In terms of cannibalization, it's really kind of again a pure math type of thing, where if we have an existing penetration, call it globally, in the 7% range call it in the states, closer to 10%. And so very clearly, while we may accelerate the replacement, that percentage doesn't change, and therefore, if we've taken the example of 50% adoption situation, only 40% of that is incremental adoption, 10% of that are people that we already have. It may accelerate the replacement cycle, but doesn't lift the adoption. So that's the cannibalization answer. I think the next question you asked was about the pace of adoption and ramp up, and I would say that, one, we still don't know, okay? We are still perceiving very positive momentum with the launch of Lync. I think that there's a growing adoption, growing interest. In quite a number of cases, the software has been rolled out, people are using IM clients, but that doesn't mean that in all cases, that they have gotten to the point of rolling out the voice application very often. That legacy infrastructure is still in place, we still anticipate that there will be good rollout activity in the balance of this year. I would say that we -- having said those things to the positive, predicting the precise timing and scale of it is very difficult. We continue to see that most organizations when they're looking at this, are looking at reasonably extended rollout time frames. And if we look at Lync as an example, I mean, most organizations that -- it would kind of launch towards the end of last year, it wasn't really available until this March quarter for people to do. It takes a certain amount of time for IT to assess, begin the implementation, some of the front-end stuff, gateways and so forth can go a little bit earlier, but after that you're still assessing, putting in your rollout plan and then, putting it out over time. So we're expecting this to be kind of a large steady ramp than a sudden vertical ramp in terms of how it's likely to progress. Particularly given that the typical rollout will be over a period of many months, even perhaps the year.
Kenneth Kannappan: Okay, so in terms of time frame as Barbara kind of covered, it's difficult to assess because things such as our liquidity, the stock prices and so forth will affect it. Clearly, this larger authorization signals an effort to be more rapid about the purchase of shares. But at the same time, it's hard to put a precise time frame on it. I think it would certainly be a hope, but not a certainty, but we would try to get much of this accomplished over the course of the year.
Kenneth Kannappan: It was reasonably broad. I would have to say, probably emphasize a little more in some areas, but nonetheless so to speak, more broad than not.
Kenneth Kannappan: Let me comment on that for a second. I mean, the (401)k shares, of course, were already 100% outstanding. And the other shares, the stock option shares, as Barbara says are already outstanding based upon treasury stocks. There's only kind of a modest increment that would occur as they are exercised, we receive proceeds and so forth. But in any event, very, very small relative to the 7 million number.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I don't want to get into kind of competitive battles. But I would just say that the leading ecosystem players in my mind are Microsoft, Cisco, Avaya, Alcatel and IBM, and those are the leading platform vendors. Polycom is a little bit more like us, and I think re-labeled a lot of their video conferencing equipment UC. And of course, I'm sure that it is. But they are selling products that work on those basic ecosystem platforms. So who're the underlying system vendors, those are still kind of the big system vendors for UC. Now there are other players in the market. There's Huawei, there's players in the little bit more SME market, ShoreTel and so forth. So there's a variety of different players in this very large market, but the biggest players are the ones driving the greatest adoption of UC.
Kenneth Kannappan: They're all helping us, because we're partnered with all of them. And so again, they're all our partners.
Kenneth Kannappan: So we've not been heavily affected by Japan in terms of supply chain issues. We have had some supply chain issues. I would say that we always do, and they come up and they get resolved and sometimes it's difficult the semiconductor is discontinued by the manufacturer, we have to reengineer it and find a new source or do a lifetime buyer, there's this added next component that for a variety of reasons, it's got issues. So we always have supply chain issues. We're always resolving supply chain issues, but I don't think that the situation as a result of Japan has been significantly changed.
Kenneth Kannappan: So let me make a comment on that. I would say that historically, and I am going back a little bit in time, our bookings in my mind were much steadier in terms of following traditional seasonal patterns. And I would say that we have seen a gradual increase in my mind in the volatility of the bookings. On the one hand within a quarter, but just sort of in general. What we've seen a little bit more of a roller coaster phenomena. Certainly, there are some changes that have occurred to our business over time. In particular, the contact centers is a slightly smaller percentage of the mix. Obviously UC is coming on as a percentage of the mix. You've seen greater growth internationally, and some of that maybe influencing some of it. But I think at the same time, we're also in a period of somewhat greater economic volatility, that's kind of added to that. I think that also a greater portion of our business is now going through 2-step distributors rather than single-step distributors. So there's a somewhat different slow that occurs with that. So all of these things together, have created a slightly greater level of volatility. So this pattern of kind of a slowdown, and then also at times we've seen a bit of an acceleration, as we did in the end of last quarter are occurring slightly more frequently than they used to. In general, I would've said, no. Now I would say, it's infrequent or less ? never doesn't never happen -- it happens on occasion, and that clearly is something that didn't use to happen as much. At this point in time, obviously, it was concerning enough for us, that we decided that it was appropriate to incorporate it into our guidance despite pretty strong enthusiasm by our go-to-market organizations. Because again, it's still affects the most reliable tool that we have for forecasting.
Kenneth Kannappan: I would say it was within line of our expectations. You know, we use this within the early into the ramp, and I want to be clear that that's Unified Communications, that's not just Lync-related -- there are definitely other UC ecosystem vendors. We've got vibrant business with them, and that business is also growing. Now Lync is more of a -- kind of a step function in terms of platform impact. But again, probably still at an early stage in terms of last quarter, and where was it relative to the launch of that platform and adoption from it.
Kenneth Kannappan: So I think that's a -- I won't comment on your knowledge there. I mean, much of my knowledge comes under NDA, but I would say that it's not just about the incentives for the corporation. And clearly, it is easier to implement this for instant messaging, than it is to implement it for voice. For a large blue chip corporation, the communication system is a major critical platform. When you implement something like this, you got to look at your server architecture. You got to look at your end-user adoption, if you're implementing other things that involve process, changes, be it hot desking, hoteling, be it how you are deploying and managing remote workers. You have things that you've got to put into place. Particularly, if you're ripping and replacing and you're relying on this for voice, there is training and there's other things involved. So incentives alone and a push, can affect things a little bit, but at the same time, corporations as it relates to voice, have got to some degree, they're own timing as well. So I'm sure that Microsoft trying to push things will have an effect, I think it's ultimately -- there's no question that we're going to see adoption. How much that can be pushed, relative to this market, rather than both? We'll see.
Barbara Scherer: Yes, John. I did say that I thought it would probably be up a touch last time. And in fact, we did have much better operational performance. It's been a continuing trend, but it did get even better. So that's very good. We also had some mixed change in our UC, with heavier wireless and lighter quarter end forecast, which is also good in terms of the direction and the margins on UC. But that means some of the higher dollar items are out of inventory and you're moving out, received some of the things that are slowing down. So there were some forecast changes that we were actually able to respond to, and that also contributed to the inventory being lower.
Barbara Scherer: And on the revolving line of credit, yes, it's there to keep us flexible so that we can operate at an accelerated pace, and not have concerns about availability of cash.
Barbara Scherer: No. We just said that we expect -- we do expect to grow revenues and profits, we expect the revenue growth to be driven by OCC revenues. And within that, for that growth to be substantially driven by UC. But we didn't give a revenue growth target or number for the year.
Barbara Scherer: We were expecting some growth in UC in the quarter, and really, in total, the high-end of our guidance last time was $172 million, we're at $173 million, and we were very, very, very close really in all of our estimates and all the categories.
Barbara Scherer: Well, basically what I've said in the prepared remarks is that we've validated it and we've updated our operating margin as a result of going through and looking at the market opportunity looking at our plans, looking how we have actually been performing and the expectations around that going forward. So if you do go and look out on the IR deck, and we used to have calendar '09 to calendar '14, and now we've got calendar '10 to calendar '15, but they -- we still got basically a double on the global OCC market, going from an estimated $850 million to $1.7 billion over that calendar '10 to calendar 2015 time frame, with the gross predominantly from UC headsets and the CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] on that is 15%. And those figures, in terms of the markets -- the doubling are very consistent with what we've had before. I would say that while the end result is very consistent, and we've always done a combination of bottoms up and tops down, we did do a tremendous amount of work on this. And used third-party sources and there is more data than there was a year ago, and so it was -- we expected it to be consistent, but we did take an enhanced approached to it, and in fact, it was consistent. So that was excellent.
Barbara Scherer: It's still $350 million, because it's -- so we've reconfirmed, revalidated it, we haven't upped the number.
Barbara Scherer: Well, basically, overall, when you think about the fact that it is the total addressable market is doubling. In total, it does require about twice as much. It is more than that, because the units are a lot higher, we believe, will be a lot higher on the lower end than the high-end. But when you translate that to dollars, it's roughly a doubling.
Barbara Scherer: So 7 million shares is 15% of our diluted outstanding, and the fact that things are coming due and expiring, doesn't change what's already in your -- but it can change when it actually gets exercised, but using the treasury stock buyback method, they're already anticipated in the existing numbers. So no, when we get finished buying 7 million shares, we do expect a lower share count by a fair margin.
Barbara Scherer: There's not a lot. I mean, there's, yes, overall, it's a little bit tougher, it's definitely a tougher environment for cost reductions, so cost reductions aren't coming at the pace that we were able to do in the past. Wireless products and new products in general, which obviously, would include UC products, tend to have a little more support costs, little higher. So that would be tech support, customer service, warranty rates, they're going to be a little bit more likely to go ? they have changes in them and to have those kind of small -- these are all very small, very small items, but there's not a lot.
Barbara Scherer: So let me do that in terms of the kind of metrics we regularly look at. So our DSO, we would expect to continue to be in the mid-50s, a range close to the 54-55, 53-55 kind of number. Inventory turns, in general, over the course of the year, I think will be in the range of 5. We do have a couple of last time buys we need execute on with some components for some of our products and that tends to drag things down a little bit. I can surf above that now, but around that, around that level -- and we typically have a little over a month, 45 days in accounts payable of cost.
