Dave King: Hi, sorry about that. Good afternoon, guys. I guess first off in terms of the restructuring, can you talk about the drivers, the rationale there? Is that more of a response to some of the macro currency pressures and realizing these are earned more of a return overall or is that more of a function of some of the pressures specifically in mono Bluetooth reducing related headcount etcetera. Color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Dave King: Yeah, I think so. And maybe some follow-ups around it. In terms of then how much of this is just purely headcount versus some of the other things that you may or may not have talked about in the past in terms of SKU rationalization versus I think one of the initiatives you guys had was transitioning more the supply chain from China to Mexico. Are those -- is some of this cost savings coming out of those things as well or is this in specific response to also some of the recent…
Dave King: Okay. Okay. Yeah definitely helps. And then maybe going back to the mono versus stereo comments, so in terms of looking at that revenue now, how much of the business is tied to mono versus stereo? And then it sounds like Ken from your comments that the stereo business is still tracking fairly well. Maybe can you just talk about the health of that recent performance of some of the BackBeat products, just any color to give us some comfort there would be great.
Ken Kannappan: Yeah, so this is a specific response. We are continuously reducing SKUs, but in fairness we're also continuously adding SKUs. So we do try to make sure we're doing enough housecleaning there to be cost efficient while at the same time adding innovation on the front end side. We're absolutely continuing many programs in operations including taking advantage of the incredibly low cost position and significant facility that we already have as a fixed cost in Mexico to reduce supply chain cost. This was separate from those initiatives.
Ken Kannappan: Sure, so great, there were a few questions there and I'll try to remember them all, but if I miss something, just let me know. So first of all the stereo business has clearly grown as a portion of the total consumer business and at this point in time, actually the mono business is less than half of our total consumer business, now there is a little bit that’s gaming as well. We had a terrific response to some of our portfolio this year, but more to the point, the portfolio -- and we had growth in stereo obviously, but more to the point, the portfolio that we showed at the Consumer Electronics Show or CES in Las Vegas, was really extremely well received. I think that one of the concerns that we’ve had as Plantronics is we're known and we are a communication brand and the depth of the value add that we can provide in communications is truly unparallel. As we were moving into this stereo space, we knew that some of these products were consumption first or music first types of products where communications would be secondary. And so we were worried about our permission to play in these segments and the reception that we would get from some of the key channels. And very clearly what we heard at the CES Show was, your products have been fantastic. Our sales reps are already telling us that these are the best products. The return rates are lower. Word of mouth is very positive, very positive reviews on the websites. So we may not be able to compete with the marketing brands or the budgets of some of our competitors, but the authenticity of the experience is very, very high and the enthusiasm we had for the specific models we showed that were launched over the course of the year was very, very high. So we feel very good about our potential and the ability to compete in that segment. Now, again you asked a number of questions and I am not sure if I remembered them all. So if I missed one please tell me.
Ken Kannappan: So I’ll just talk briefly, on the consumer side clearly we will expect some good progress on the stereo side of the business, but not in terms of this quarter because we don’t really have the benefit of the new launches this quarter.
Ken Kannappan: Well we can give you a little bit of color on this. So the UC business on a constant currency base I think it was up about 8% for the year, which is a little bit lower than we had a hoped, but nonetheless positive. The big decline was in the mono Bluetooth business in the U.S., which was off about $8 million year-over-year.
Ken Kannappan: All right. So everything you said is correct Paul. Let me kind of give you what the concerns are and what the pros are. We're certainly hearing a very good response to our new portfolio and I would say globally. At the same time, it's early January that we've assembled this forecast and it's been at best a choppy start to the year from a macroeconomic standpoint. I would say some sectors of both global and U.S. economy have been very affected. And so just talking U.S. economy, very clearly the oil and gas industry has taken a significant hit and that for us is a very, very good sector of the market. We've seen some hits also from the defense contractors aerospace sector and I would say the U.S. exporters such as ourselves who are affected by the dollar, some of course are able to price in dollars overseas, but those who have to price in local currency, this has been a significant impact for them. So I think some of those sectors of the economy have been affected and I think others have been concerned by macroeconomic events. We usually find that this is still early in the quarter to really understand what we’re going to see in the course of the year. And so we’ll pick up more of that intelligence as we go to Enterprise connect and get more feedback. But so far what we’ve heard has been relatively positive, but it's in my mind there is a certain tentativeness just because of macroeconomic concerns, the downgrading of expected GDP growth rates. From a global basis, we actually saw a pretty good quarter from constant a currency standpoint from Europe. I think that the -- never minding the translation, I think that there is actually some room for hope that the position is getting better. On the other hand some of the emerging markets have been very hard hit and some of them were hit before and it's gotten worse. So if I look at areas such as Russia, Brazil, South Africa, China having slowed down, very clearly the oil producing regions and as well as big companies within countries, if you look at Pemex or something like that, Petrobras, which are oil companies in diversified economies these are also weak. So we've got some of those on the negative side. So I think we feel very, very good about the portfolio, the value proposition it provides and what the reaction we're hearing and at the same time, if I looked out longer, I think that there is a risk of macroeconomic headwinds on the negative.
Ken Kannappan: Sure, let me comment on a little bit. That's probably the smallest of all the factors in terms of gross margin and what I would say there is there is kind of two elements of it. One is we sometimes sell in dollars, but we're really in local currency competition and so that's part of it. And the other part of it is there were some even on the enterprise areas where we had little bit of price competition in Europe. The much bigger effect on the pricing was on the consumer side, and then product mix and FX. So this was a fairly small one.
Ken Kannappan: Depending of course on our performance relative to the plan, which is not yet been set for next year.
Ken Kannappan: So we haven't actually set guidance for Q1 of next year. All we provided is guidance for Q4, which admittedly is not giving you a perfect understanding of this cost reduction action because obviously it's occurring February 1. Not all of it will take effect for the whole of this quarter. So the full effect of that benefit will be in the next quarter, but we've not yet come up with guidance for the June quarter at this time.
Ken Kannappan: But again a lot of that is the variable incentive compensation coming back. We haven't put together an actual detail expense as yet for the June quarter.
Ken Kannappan: Well, so I think what you just said is reasonable, but let me just say also part of the reason we only forecast one quarter is that our accuracy is not very perfect. So you're asking me for when we'll get to that inflection point where the drop off in the mono category stops hurting us more than the gains in the stereo and we don't know for sure ourselves just to be clear. In all honesty we were surprised that the mono Bluetooth category's decline accelerated this year in the U.S. We were certainly prepared for some decline, but it actually went down much faster than we had expected. So we don't know for sure how much growth the stereo category will have. We don't know for sure how much decline the mono category would have. That means that it was pretty hard for us to estimate for sure where the crossover will be. Having said that, we do think it's kind of reasonable that within a year as we started to get the traction on all of our new product launches, that we will be at or around that zone.
Ken Kannappan: Let me explain one thing. So there were two elements that kind of -- that in Pam’s comment about the $2 million credit in Q3 I believe, one is that we had a credit for reversal of prior quarter's accrued compensation. But the other one is our accrual for that period was well below a 100% accrual. So when we go back to a regular quarter, we would be assuming we're on plan accruing on the basis of a 100%. So that’s why those numbers didn’t quite add up.
Ken Kannappan: There is a few other small numbers, a year ago we had I think a litigation receipt that reduced our OpEx. We don’t have that this year. There is a few other little things.
Ken Kannappan: So I think that we’re encouraged by the new products from our partners. I think that it always takes a certain amount of time having said that for the market to trial, accept them for any issues in the offerings to get smoothed out by the customer base. And so it's just not been the case that we typically get an instant lift off from new offerings. However I do think that there is if anything continued growing enthusiasm. I continue to wish that it took off a little bit more like a rocket ship and less like a barge, but at the end of the day, are we confident that there is growth? Yes, these offerings are better, faster, cheaper than existing solutions. They can meaningfully help organizations operate better, more flexibly, embrace mobility in their workforces, do it at lower cost. Some of the new offerings extend the cost savings opportunities to corporations while extending the capabilities and better supporting both cloud and hybrid architectures that people are very interested in. So I think we feel positive about that, but again I’ve learned that it doesn’t always mean that we’re going to get an instant acceleration of business. I would say one other thing. I think that Microsoft is also very interested in converting a lot of the people who've adopted their UC solutions currently primarily for IM and presence into using more of the license and that would also be encouraging.
Pam Strayer: So on guidance for Q4 we are expecting an increase of 2%. Most of that is going to be driven by the enterprise business and UC in particular. Year-over-year for Q4, we’re expecting a little bit of a decline in consumer driven primarily by the declines in the mono Bluetooth market. So UC will be the primary growth driver there offsetting declines in mono Bluetooth.
Pam Strayer: So first I’ll talk about the gross margin changes year-over-year in our Q3 results. They did come down by over 300 basis points. 120 basis points of that was due to currency impacts and we also had 70 points from some customer mix and product mix. There was also about 100 – sorry, about 80 points from some pricing changes that we made in order to stay competitive in our international geographies.
Pam Strayer: Yeah, we're forecasting some additional pricing impacts in Q4, but our gross margins for our guidance is somewhere between 51% and 52%. So that gives you some idea, I don’t know if that was in the range that you were looking at, but that’s what…
Pam Strayer: No, let me clarify that, yeah let me clarify that. So due to the timing of our restructuring activities that are happening during Q4, we’re not going to see all of the savings in Q4 that we would expect. So there is a quarter-over-quarter increase in our expectation of operating expense and some of that has to do with variable compensation. In Q3 we saw a benefit of about $2 million from reducing our variable compensation as a catch-up adjustment reducing Q1 and Q2 accruals, but we’re not going to see that benefit again.
Pam Strayer: Also, sorry, the bigger impact there going from Q3 to Q4 is really the 14th week, due to the way our fiscal year calendar falls, we have an unusual 14th week in our Q4 this year. It's typically 13 weeks. So that adds about -- that will add over $4 million in operating expense just in the 14th week.
Pam Strayer: So I believe the year-over-year increase I was referring to was actually looking at Q4 guidance. If we look at the full year FY’17, we're going to have cost increases. We've taken $15 million to $16 million out of our annual cost. But one of the big challenges we have is variable compensation is going to come back to 100% for much lower than that this year and that's a big chunk $15 million or more in cost that are going to be coming back as a result of bonuses. We'll also have…
Pam Strayer: Sure right. The plan is not yet finalized. We also have merit increases in healthcare cost and other things in there that traditionally go up year-over-year.
Pam Strayer: Well, the way I would think about it is that there was a benefit of $2 million in Q3 operating expenses as a result of the adjustment.
Pam Strayer: No, I won't correct anything. I will add one thing though. The discount or the pricing impact to enterprise was all international -- into international pricing. So the pricing impacts were much more significant on consumer globally, but when you think about the enterprise, it was internal pressures.
Pam Strayer: You made one error and that is the variable compensation coming back into Q1, is much larger than the $5 million impact of the 14th week.
Pam Strayer: Yeah, that was about -- that was a quarterly number and includes AIP as well as merit increases and healthcare. So…
