Joe Burton: Hi Paul. Thanks very much for the question. First of all, your question whether it’s transient or permanent, very much transient, in other words temporary. We really believe that the decline in the Core Enterprise that we talked about, isn’t related to market share losses. We think that indeed some of the shift to cloud that we’re seeing right now has paused a few deals in the market. But we do expect to resume the 0% to 1% growth rate in that area that we’ve committed to in the past.
Joe Burton: Yes. Not really, Paul. We still think the great bulk of the UC opportunity is in front of us as we said in the past. UC tends to be big deal driven. We may have a had a couple of extra big deals fall into one quarter versus the other. But we’re still very comfortable with UC growth in the teams as we said in the past and we think that will continue.
Joe Burton: The good news on stereo Bluetooth so far is we do have a very nice line of products and some nice growth predicted there. So far, our growth is very much in line with our internal expectations and therefore we have our supply chain sorted out accordingly.
Joe Burton: Right. Yes, when you talked about our hardware as a service or as we internally refer to it, device as a service, this is an initiative we’ve put together over the last year or so, very much in order to make sure that we can align with the way people want to buy. There are certainly plenty of customers that are still buying their unified communications, their contact center as a capital system that they put on premise. When customers do that, they tend to buy their headsets as well.  We are seeing that in the shift to the cloud that we mentioned in our prepared remakes where people in some cases are now consuming this in utility model where they’re paying monthly or yearly, there are indeed customers that are asking about being able to have the hardware component of that sale, headsets very much on the same type of billing model, by the month, by the year on a term contract. We put our device as a service together to be able to align with those customers and make it easier to do business with us. It’s still early days, we’ve customers that are using it, we’re shaken out the system, and certainly over time and as the service model would indeed provide a more consistent revenue flow for the customers that are doing it. But it’s still early days and it’s not a material part of our revenues at this point.
Joe Burton: For the most part, the sequentially down quarter-over-quarter that you’re talking about in Consumer, you understood correctly, Greg. It is much more about a very nice sell-in in the previous quarter related to some new product launches the 5200 and some others. It’s not about any weakness in the business. Consumer has actually been quite strong. And we’re predicting it to be strong for the foreseeable future.
Pam Strayer: So, Paul, I’ll respond to that. Our gross margins this particular quarter were down year-over-year just because of the higher mix of consumer. I think in the past, we’ve always playing to our target range gross margins to be 50% to 52%; we were exceeding that for a while. But we’d always expected it to come down into that range as we’d make a stronger shift towards UC revenues away from Core Enterprise and then Consumer is growing, that’s just adding to the mix shift and causing margins to come down.
Pam Strayer: Yes. Hi, Tavis, this is Pam. With respect to your first question on transition costs, we are not expecting anything significant in there. Ken is still working part time. There are some costs associated with that but very small, so no large charges next quarter. On the GN case, we are forecasting like we typically do. We expect costs there to be about $1.5 million, next quarter. They typically range from $1 million to $2 million and it does vary depending on what activities are going on. With some depositions coming up, it will probably be $1.5 million to $2 million next quarter.
Pam Strayer: Yes. So, we don’t give specific currency exposure but I will tell you it’s low to mid single-digits in revenue in that currency. The exposure -- we continue to hedge that exposure like we always have which we kind of target 70% of revenues being hedged. So, we do have a little bit of exposure there for positive or negative news but the majority of it is hedged and has been hedged.
Pam Strayer: Yes. We had a strong quarter there this quarter. We’ve got some new agreements, channel agreements going on down there that’s really helping improve our business; it’s strong on the enterprise side. So, that’s good news for us.
Pam Strayer: Okay, there is a lot in there. So, let me try and take those down one by one. So first of all on guidance for the revenue line. We always assume some puts and takes but generally I would say that the revenue guidance is going to shape up with year-over-year growth rate. So, it’s similar to what we saw this quarter. We expect the strong UC growth quarter, we expect the strong Consumer growth quarter with Core Enterprise being flat, maybe down slightly, maybe up slightly, it’s hard to know. On the Consumer side, that growth there we’re expecting yet again strong stereo quarter contributing to Consumer growth. Mono, it’s kind of anybody’s guess, but we’re forecasting that to be somewhat flat to be down slightly, could be up slightly. So that’s the revenue line. You asked about operating margin.
Pam Strayer: So, the operating margin itself, we are forecasting for that to go down a bit quarter-over-quarter as is typical Q3 is a heavy consumer quarter. And our gross margin is expected to go down a little bit because of the product mix shift next quarter. So that gross margin slight decline will fall to those bottom line and our operating margin will come down a little bit. But again, it’s seasonal; it’s Q3. We expect that to bounce back again in Q4. On the SG&A and OpEx lines, we’re expecting it flat to a little bit up quarter-over-quarter. 
