Enrique Lores: Yeah. So, Wamsi, hi, this is Enrique. Let me provide a view on macro, and then Marie will be more specific about seasonality on EPS, because I think it will help to understand it better. So, from a macro perspective, what we saw in Q4 is an increase in seasonality, especially for PCs, between Q3 and Q4. And also, on the commercial side, we saw stability of sales. Market continued to remain soft, but especially when we look at real end user demand, we saw demand being stable. And somehow this helps us in the projection that we have for next year. As we discussed before, we expect the PC market to be slightly growing from 2024 to 2023, and the print market to be about flat to slightly decline between '24 and '25 -- '24 and '23, and we expect both segments to improve gradually through the year. So, having said that context, Marie will address the EPS question.
Enrique Lores: So, let me start on Print. So, not much has changed since we met a few weeks ago. So, we continue to see a competitive environment on the Print side, especially driven by the current situation between yen and dollar. But I have to say, between Q3 and Q4, we didn't see more aggressive pricing. If anything, prices sequentially improved Q3 to Q4. We have not seen an increase in competition from that perspective. When we look at '24 and the actions that we are taking to compensate for a potential more pricing increase, we are going to be executing the plan that we described before. We have an aggressive cost reduction plan that will help us to manage that. We continue to drive the shift toward HP+ units and profit upfront units that will also help from that perspective. And we continue to drive -- and we expect to grow share in the office space, which will be a contributor of margin improvement. And finally, as we shared in our prepared remarks, we have seen an improvement of the performance of the industrial business. We have seen a recovery of the market. And within the market, we have grown both hardware and consumption. And we think this is going to help us also in 2024.
Enrique Lores: So, let me start by saying that we are really excited about the impact that AI PCs are going to have in the overall PC category. As we have shared before, we think that they will drive -- they will double the expected growth from '24 to '26. So, it's really going to have significant impact. If we talk about '24, we think the impact will be smaller just because of: first, timing, the first AI PC will be introduced in the second half; and second, because of penetration, when we launch a new category, we know also it takes time for the category to penetrate. Our expectation is that in three years, 40% to 60% of the PCs will be AI PC, but it's going to be a gradual penetration of the category. But again, we are really excited, not only because of the impact that it will have on the business, but also because of the value -- additional value this is going to bring to our customers.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. Yes. So, what we had said before, and we haven't changed our projection is, average selling price for PCs will increase between 5% and 10%, as a consequence of the penetration of AI PC. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Yeah. So, let me complement that. So, I think there are multiple factors that drove the good performance of supplies in Q4. As I have said many times though, when we look at year-on-year compares, it's not the best way to look at the performance in a quarter because there are many adjustments that are done every quarter, and then comparisons can all -- can distort the overall perspective. We are driving many positive actions on supplies. We continue to grow share overall, which is something that we have been doing already for several quarters. We have increased prices to reflect the value that we bring. So, the combination of all these things help us to grow supplies quarter-on-quarter. And again, we are pleased with the performance. But in the long term, we continue to expect the supplies to decline low- to mid-single digits. We are not changing our projections for supplies in the future.
Enrique Lores: We expect to see a similar level of aggressiveness that we were seeing before channel inventory was high. And at this point, what we know about the holiday season is that based on the selling, the shipments we have been making, the strength of our portfolio, we have very good assortment on the stores. We have just introduced significant innovation across our full portfolio. So, we are optimistic about the holiday season in the coming weeks.
Enrique Lores: Sure. We continue to be very bullish about the opportunities that we have with the Poly business. Of course, during the last week, it has been impacted -- during the last quarter, it has been impacted by macro. But feedback we get from our channel, from our customers continues to be very positive. As you said, we just introduced both new technology in the systems and the new as-a-service model, which we think will help us to drive growth in 2024. And really the opportunity to grow and to innovate continues to be there. From a process perspective, we are now finishing the IT integration based on the plan that we shared a few quarters ago. We have been driving the process as per plan. And again, we are happy with the progress we have made. I'm really optimistic about the opportunities this business is going to bring to us.
Enrique Lores: Perfect. Thank you, Erik. And thank you because when I was answering to Toni, I missed to mention one of the elements that also helped, which is the easy compare, because last -- Q4 last year was not a strong quarter for supplies. So, this also has an impact on the year-on-year compare. If I -- if we look at the Four Box Model and the different drivers of supplies, clearly, installed base has continued to decline. So, this is a negative factor. Usage continues to go down, which is a negative factor, though I have to say, continues to be above, especially the home, in space, the references and the projections that we were making before the pandemic. And then, two positive factors that have had an impact this quarter; one is pricing, we have increased prices for supplies, and market share. As I mentioned before, we have continued to grow share for supplies, which has a positive impact on the overall supplies growth. Thank you.
Enrique Lores: Yeah. And just in your question about the office market in Print, two key comments. One is we have continued to shift change from A3 to A4, especially in Commercial -- in large Commercial customers. We think this is driven by the fact that we expect to see less printing -- people in the office. And therefore, they have reduced the printing volumes that they were expecting and they need less production type of products. So that has been one change. Second, in terms of both A4 and A3, we continue to see an opportunity to grow share. We did it in this quarter in A3, and we have started to grow our share in A4 in several geographies. We did it in North America -- in Americas. We did it in several countries in Europe. We did it in China. And we know we have some work to do, but we expect to continue to drive that during 2024.
Enrique Lores: Thank you. Well, first of all, thank you, all of you for joining. With the Q4 results, we believe are a signal of the progress that we are making and increase the confidence that we have in the plan that we shared with all of you a few weeks ago. And this reinforces the key message that we shared at SAM, that we believe that HP shares are undervalued and continue to be a good investment. And then last but not least, for those of you in the U.S., let me close the call wishing all of you a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Marie Myers: Yeah, no, good afternoon. So, let me walk you through how to think about seasonality. If you take the midpoint of that guide, which is what we gave at SAM, which is the $3.45, if you take the midpoint, basically you can assume the macro is stabilizing. And also, we expect the revenue to improve over the course of the year. So, I would just say we're not back yet quite to normal seasonal patterns, but we're definitely expecting the back half to improve over the first half. So, think about a gradual recovery over the year. But I'll just add, as we think about the Q1 guide, particularly for Personal Systems, I would say at this point, we don't expect that normal seasonality yet due to the pace of the market recovery. So, we're going to see that quarter-on-quarter differential relative to the Q4 period that we've just come out of. So, same guide unchanged, but definitely still not quite back to normal seasonality yet throughout the year.
Marie Myers: Yeah, and just a couple of points on the Print rate. So, as we guided in SAM, we're still very confident in the outlook we gave around the revised range on Print. And as a result of that, we do expect in Q1 to still be at the high-end of that range, and then in '24, we expect to be solidly in the range. So, just keep that in mind as you're working through your model. And then, with respect to cash flow and the comments on seasonalities, we're reiterating our guide that we had at SAM of $3.10 to $3.60. And I just add from a seasonality perspective, just always bear in mind that Q1, we do expect cash flow to be lower, and that's due to the fact that we always accrue for our bonus in the prior period, and we typically pay that out in Q1 of the current year. So, expect that Q1 free cash flow will therefore be somewhat lower. But, similarly, as I said in SAM, we expect it to be in-line with net earnings and continue to see those fluctuations around working capital throughout the remaining quarters.
Marie Myers: Yeah. Hi, Toni. Good afternoon. So, let me just start out with the question on Future Ready. So first of all, obviously, really pleased with the performance, I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, for '23. And then, going into '24, as you know, we raised our target to $1.6 million in SAM. So, very much on track. And I think as we've discussed at SAM, Future Ready is a combination of both OpEx and cost of sales. So, some of those savings, we're reinvesting back in growth and in people to help us manage through some of the volatility, but we do also drop that through to the bottom-line. And frankly, Toni, you can see that in the rates that we even delivered in this last quarter and also in terms of how we're guiding the rates going forward in terms of solidly in the range for the year and really at the high-end of the range for both businesses in Q1. Now, OpEx will be up year-on-year, and it's driven by exactly those factors I mentioned earlier, the investments in our growth, the investments in our people. And I would just sort of add as a sort of closing comment around this is, if you look at the geography of the P&L, you could see in our gross margins that we're shifting out now to higher gross margins, and that's been partially offset by operating expenses. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit more context around how to think about Future Ready. And I'll turn it back to Enrique on supplies. I'll just add on the supplies' ecosystem, we're in good shape, Toni. From a multi-tier perspective, we ended the quarter in good shape.
Marie Myers: So -- good afternoon, Asiya. So, why don't I just start out on the EPS sort of seasonality and how to think about it. So, in terms of Q1, just to sort of give you some context there, a third -- we usually have corporate other expense that hits in -- from a seasonality perspective, a third of that hits in Q1. So, if you look at our Q1 guide, just bear that in mind because that's typically the stock comp expense period. So, as a result of that, you're going to see that seasonality adjustment in our Q1 EPS. And as you correctly said, we're actually up, I think, 11% on the midpoint year-on-year in our Q1. But we're -- SAM guide, I'll just reiterate, of $325 million to $365 million, hasn't changed. And just to close, Q1 is just really typical seasonality. And then, if you think about channel inventory, both Personal Systems and Print were in really healthy shape, and we're pleased with where we landed in terms of the progress we made this quarter. I would add on Personal Systems that we've seen declines sequentially and that we are really now back to much more normalized levels. And in fact, the industry levels themselves are also normalizing. And you can see that in terms of the quality of our pricing in the last quarter as well. So, I think looking back, we've seen CI really return back to more normalized levels, particularly in Personal Systems and in Print as well.
Marie Myers: Yes. It's very much in-line with our SAM guide in terms of forward-looking. We expect both Print and PS to be headwinds for the year. And as we look into Q1, we do expect a headwind in PS, but a slight tailwind on Print. And then, in terms of just what you've seen in the quarter, we've seen tailwinds -- sorry, tailwinds and favorability on Print as well, but definitely headwinds for both businesses for the year.
Marie Myers: Yes, sure, Mike. Good afternoon. Why don't I start out and give you some context on the ranges and how we're thinking about them. So, on PS, as we mentioned, we'd be at the high-end for Q1, and really what's driving that is just a combination of the mix. I think you heard Enrique talked to that in his prepared remarks, in terms of the higher value and also the improved pricing on -- as channel inventories normalizes. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a sequential improvement, and we expect, as a result, to see less promotional pricing. And then obviously, we've got the benefits of the Future Ready program that I talked about a moment ago with Toni. Obviously, also working against that are the headwinds that we've got with commodity costs and some of that is really what's influencing the sort of seasonality of the rates that we see in terms of being more solidly in the range as the year progresses. So that's sort of Personal Systems. And if you think about Print, similar drivers in terms of just being at the high-end of the range for Q1, and it's really driven by the profitability that we talked about, the shift in the model with supplies, some of the new business models. Also, frankly, the impact of growth is having an impact on both businesses. Similarly, the impact of the Future Ready. And once again, we also see pricing normalization and we see supplies -- there is no change to the supplies outlook to -- in terms of low- to mid-single digits. So, all those factors together is what really drives us to see both businesses be solidly in the range for the year, but at the high-end of the range for Q1. I'll turn it to Erique.
