Kenneth Kannappan: Well, there have been regional variations. I would say, that relative to your question, EMEA, like anyone else, our business in southern part of Europe has been affected by the economic events. But having said that, within the central and northern part of Europe, business has been quite strong and, of course, within that region, for us it includes the emerging market areas, which are continuing to grow very well.
Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. I mean, again, it's emerging markets is really where we're seeing the pickup. A lot of those economies have seen a growth in: A, consumer categories that results in contact centers, but; B, the more contact centers for financial services for, of course, mobile and the domestic B2B infrastructure operations. So that's all very encouraging. I mean, it used to be that most of that business was really outsource contact centers for developed markets, but the bigger growth, lately, is that for domestic economies.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think as a secular trend it continues to thrive. Now, there's several things that we can argue about UC in a context of an economy and how businesses will actually deal with it. One is, it saves money. The second one is, it actually enables you to save even more money on brick-and-mortar and other types of investments. Now, as always, timing has to work. If no one is going to take your facility, you don't actually save any money by shutting the facility. So it has to -- it always has to line up with your lease and your real estate facilities plan. I think that it nonetheless represents a management activity. Because in order to get the most out of your UC investment, you need to get people to collaborate, you need to change the way people are working, you need to change management practices, you need to do other things. And if, as an example, management is busy figuring out how to do cost cuts or other things like that, that is another management activity that can delay activity and progress on this type of thing. So I don't want to know that I necessarily know how it will go. But I think the fundamental secular trend is very much in place and is going to move forward. Could it get delayed by a recession? Of course, it could get delayed by a recession. But I don't think it will change the fundamental economics of the equation.
Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. I mean, Barbara largely covered it. I do think that we have -- when the downturn hit, we prioritized the UC opportunity. And that left us a little bit more vulnerable with our consumer portfolio. As financial positions improved, we've increased those investments. I believe we have an opportunity on a structural basis to regain some ground, as we bring a greater set of competitive products to market. I think that we've also gained some ground internationally, so that's balanced a little bit some of the domestic issues. And one of the things that happened is that, the growth of the stereo[ph] market took off, and we have not invested in that as much. And so that's a future opportunity for us.
Kenneth Kannappan: No. We continue to think that the market is growing, and that the sector trends are in place, and that we're positioned well to compete.
Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. So first, the strength that we've had more recently has been in the OCC area. Secondly, if we're talking about last quarter, it actually did firm shortly after our conference call. You may recall that at the time of the call, we just finished some severe storms in the Southeast -- that we had the late Easter, we had the royal wedding. And those are things we've considered. But, particularly the storms' a little hard to quantify exactly. We did see a firming of the business, and then again, it strengthened above kind of the normal seasonal level towards the end of June, which led to some of the excess performance that we had, relative to the plan.
Kenneth Kannappan: Sure, I mean, I think they're all doing well, first of all. But secondly, if you're to say -- if you measure it by revenue, of course, the Savi are the heavier contributors, they're the higher-priced products, number 1. And number 2, a significant portion of UC, at this point in time, is still what I would call phone-centric, which means that only people are using headsets, who are heavy users, who would've bought a headset even prior, as opposed to ubiquitous softphone only installations where I'm rolling out a headset to everyone, as our only device, and that's what leads to the broader Blackwire installation. So in terms of units, we're still selling more Blackwire. But in terms of revenues, it's more Savi. Both lines, I think, are competing well in the market.
Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, they are material. But I just want to explain, when you say 10%, it's kind of like a revenue reporting thing. With all of our partners in the UC ecosystem, we're not selling to them. We're selling to end customers through our channel, who are buying their UC solutions and deploying our products with them. So that will never show up in any of them, Cisco, Microsoft, Avaya, Alcatel, IBM, as a 10% revenue from us under our existing business model.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, those sorts of things can affect the timing of deployments for end customers, and then it can affect us.
Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. Just to clarify, what you're referring to there in that specials product area, was not the extent of our business with government. That was specialized products that we do for government, and the vast bulk of the revenues are, largely, ordinary products that we do for federal and state government -- in the states and cities, for that matter, and internationally. And for sure, within the verticals, the state and local area has been hit some by this budget crisis. And I would extend that to cities and municipalities as well. Similarly, we've certainly seen some effect in some of the regions that I've already talked about from their governments, and sometimes that's a larger share of GDP than we're used to here in the U.S. So those have been negative. That said, some of the quasi-government areas, for example, education, which is very often government-supported, has actually remained fairly robust for us. They tended to be adopters of UC. They see a lot of the benefits for the way they're trying to operate. And broadly speaking, and this is not quite as government-related, but in some markets it is, healthcare has also held up fairly well. In general, the prime contractors have also held up pretty well because, again, they're driven by the technology and the productivity. Federal government, again, that was running fairly well. It certainly eased off a little bit at this point in time. But the good news is that the private sector spending has more than made up for that. Because in general, what we're seeing is that corporations have got good balance sheets, good expense control, and are investing for productivity.
Kenneth Kannappan: So I would say that we are having probably more singles. But having said that, there are a number of doubles, and I would say that most of the true home runs have been what I would just describe as agonizingly slow from my perspective, in terms of the pace of the deployment, certainly slower than they had originally planned. But they're still moving forward. So it's just going to happen over more time than we had expected.
Kenneth Kannappan: Yes. Our visibility is definitely getting better, but by several things. One, just the aggregate revenue flows are becoming larger, making it much easier for us to plan inventory and all that type of levels. And secondly, we're getting a better flavor for how -- what really happens in these deployments, when people really take it in. And so our whole planning visibility has been improving.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I mean, we're really feeling very comfortable with our position, as I said. We're very, very pleased with our win rate overall. We're very pleased with the extension [ph] we have. We think our product portfolio is well ahead of our competition. And so we feel good about where we're at. I think that's a fairly recent transaction, and so at this point in time, we haven't seen it significantly in the market. That may change in the future, but again, I think we feel very good about where we're at.
Kenneth Kannappan: Yes, we're definitely -- I mean, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. But absolutely, we are seeing that in a number of installations, people are doing the voice, at some lag after the other applications.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, it's very hard for us to evaluate. Let me just kind of explain this really quickly. When we look at our traditional revenues, we have one competitor that reports usually X weeks after us, we're able to measure how we've done. In the case of UC: one, they don't provide that data; but two, it's also much harder, because it's not a whole market. It's a piece of a market to judge that type of thing. So again, we think we're doing well, but we don't have all of the data to be 100% sure on that measurement. And so if I were trying to compare percentages, hazarding a guess as to how much different that percentage might be, I just really wouldn't want to publicly state that type of thing without having data to back it up.
Kenneth Kannappan: Well, we do have some percent of revenue stuff, but we've not publicly disclosed it and I don't think we're going to do that right now.
Kenneth Kannappan: The main thing, actually, it was no longer depletion of inventory. That lower category rates, there've been some reduction, actually, of category shelf space that they're focusing on other things. And they've -- as the revenue rates were declining, they had to work off some inventories. That was largely completed, and so we were in balance. That was the main of it.
Barbara Scherer: Yes, so maybe, if you think about OCC in total, we estimated the global OCC market in calendar 2010 at $850 million, and our projection for calendar '15 is $1.7 billion. So that's a 15% compound annual growth rate. And clearly, the biggest part of that is Office, which we're estimating will grow in the 15% to 20%, which is the part that's really driven by UC. But it's not all of the revenue growth. So OCC is 15% over that period.
Barbara Scherer: So the first part of the question, how much of the cash is domestic, the easiest way to answer that is, say, $59 million of the cash and cash equivalents in short-term investments is domestic. And that would be out of the $330 million -- the long-term investments on the balance sheet are all international. So, $59 million. In terms of the pace, we'd like to go relatively quickly. We talked about trying to do it within approximately a year. It does depend -- it's not an exact formula, and having multiple programs in the market at the same time is not straightforward. So it does depend on the pace at which Goldman completes this current program for us, which is, by contract, up to them. It needs to complete -- by the contract, by January 9. But it could complete as early as August 9.
Barbara Scherer: First of all, and in terms of -- we do still have the largest share in the U.S. by a decent margin. And we have -- most of our incremental investment has been for UC, but we are also investing in refreshing those product lines as well. And so, let me turn it back over to Ken for more.
Barbara Scherer: First, Ken, let me tell you, this is calendar '15, not fiscal '15. It's calendar '15, which basically amounts to FY '16. It's still coming quickly, but it's not quite that quickly.
Barbara Scherer: Yes so, first of all, our increase in operating expenses is primarily all around investing for the UC opportunity. And when you look back, we really stepped up our OpEx to about the level it is now in Q3 of last year. And it's been relatively flat since then. And I believe it will continue to be in this, kind of, call it $56 million to $58 million a quarter over the balance of this year. And when we -- after we made that increase, and we also increased our operating model to 20% to 23% operating margin, and our expense levels today are consistent with the range and consistent with our beliefs in the UC opportunity.
Barbara Scherer: Right. The main thing we focus on is the operating margin, and the operating margins at 22.4%, which is near the high-end of our range of 20% to 23%. We are investing for the UC opportunity, which is expected to have a strong ramp over the next several years, and that is requiring investment in front of that. So yes, it's a little -- the model is a little tilted to that direction right now.
