Greg Klaben: Thanks, Jeremy. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Welcome to Plantronics' call for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2013. Joining me today are Ken Kannappan, Plantronics' President and CEO, who's on a temporary medical leave of absence; and Pam Strayer, acting CEO and Senior Vice President and CFO. I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's conference call, we may make certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties as outlined in today's press release. As we've highlighted before, the risk factors in our press release and SEC filings are not standard boilerplate. We update these risk factors every quarter for significant changes, adding and dropping language and changing the order depending upon the timing and potential impact of the concerns that we foresee. We believe forecasting results of operations is difficult and we ask you to focus particular attention on these risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by any such statements. For further information, please refer to the company's forms 10-Q, 10-K, today's press release and other SEC filings. For the remainder of today's call, will be providing only non-GAAP metrics related to gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and EPS. We have reconciled these measures in our earnings press release and in our quarterly analyst metric sheet, both of which are available on Plantronics' website on the Investor Relations page. Unless stated otherwise, all comparisons with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 financial results are of the same quarter in the prior fiscal year. Plantronics' fourth quarter fiscal 2013 net revenues were $204.2 million compared with guidance provided on January 29th of $190 million to $195 million. Plantronics' GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.67 compared with $0.55 in the same quarter of the prior year and guidance of $0.63 to $0.67. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.71 compared with $0.62 in the prior-year quarter and guidance of $0.68 to $0.72. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter consists of stock-based compensation charges and restructuring and other related charges, all net of the associated tax impact, the tax benefits from the expiration of certain statute of limitation and the retroactive reinstatement of the us Federal R&D tax credit related to calendar year 2012. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Greg Klaben: That is -- in our long-term model, we did just over 40% fiscal year '13 over '12. We're forecasting where the market growth is expected to be roughly that 40% to 42%. So, we're expecting that type of growth over the next 5 years at a compound annual growth rate.
Greg Klaben: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions afterwards, Pam and I will be available. Thanks.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So, sorry, first of all, just to be clear, we did a hit peak in Q4 and we expect revenues from the China hands-free law to go down from there, not up. So, to quantify it, we don't really provide details at that level. I would just say, take a look at Asia-Pac region overall, and the growth there, year-to-year, is primarily driven by the mobile hands-free law.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So, we expect expenditure to occur throughout much of fiscal year 2014. We're not quantifying that in our forecast. We're not going to going that level right now.
Pamela J. Strayer: Well, in preparing our guidance, we still expect UC growth to be strong. Total OCC to be flat to up, but core OCC we're kind of expecting to be flat to down. It's really hard to know given the economic situation.
Pamela J. Strayer: Yes. So, the Q4 benefit is included in our Q4 results, but there's a retroactive benefit that we got from results in the first 3 quarters of the year and 1 quarter in last year, and we would have had to record all of that benefit in Q4, which we did, but we put it in GAAP-only charges. We didn't put it in our non-GAAP results.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: I'll just give a little bit of comment on the outlook. These hands-free laws typically have had a 3-month peak. And we were not entirely sure how that would play in China given that there was a little less advanced notice that the enforcement was really going to be serious at the beginning of January. Now we did have some increase in the December quarter prior to that, but not at the level that said, yes, this is definitely going to really be enforced and people are going to follow it. We had a huge spike in that quarter and we have already seen the sell-through rates have declined significantly. At this point, it's still too early to say whether they settle out at the type of run rate that we've seen in developed markets or not. There are some dynamics that are different in China. So, we're not 100% sure. It'll take more time for us to know. But, in all of these hands-free laws, what we've seen is that there is some enduring benefits. One of them is that the run rate forever stays higher, and the second one is that headsets, as a category, become much more broadly accepted and it's not just limited to use in the mobile environment. It winds up pervading how people view headsets for use in the office as well, and that's very significant long-term benefit for us.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. First of all, I think that the OCC business had been beaten down, really, on the traditional side, for some time. So, I think that it had gotten relatively close to a trough level. Now I don't want to say that we have necessarily concluded that this is a rebound that's here to stay. I mean, I think that the economic environment remains volatile. I mean there's good news 1 day and bad news another day. And in the case of Europe, sometime we think, my gosh, it's just got to be at the bottom, and then lo and behold other bad news comes out. In the case of U.S., I think we've been feeling that there's been a recovery underway, but at the same time we still have this looming issue of the sequester, which is all those cuts are supposed to be in place by October 1, and how those start to reel in, we don't know for sure. So, I think that we're somewhat cautiously optimistic that we've got a lot more upside than downside in the OCC market, and at the same time, both Americas and Europe had good quarters there. Europe a little bit more than we suspected that we would have, and so I think we're hopeful. But we're not sure, at this point in time, that the labor market is that robust, that we can bet on. I do think that the housing market has improved in the U.S., and the improvement in mobility is another positive from the standpoint for replacement rates.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, first of all, everyone had supply constraints in China during the quarter. Because the truth is almost everyone was taken by surprise with the level of enforcement that occurred at the beginning of the year. And so products were sold out from all vendors. I mean, really, anybody who could supply initially was going to get some sales. I think we've managed to turn it actually better than most and so we got most of our products sold through. I think there were some that arrived at the end of the quarter, with large shipments, and are now trying to get those to work off. But I think we did a nice job on it. I think that at the end of the day, one of the things that make supply chains, in Bluetooth, somewhat inflexible is that the reality is you're dependent upon the silicon, and the silicon has got a lead time as well as a fab time that is very large relative to shipping a lot more products inside a quarter. And since you don't want to be stuck with silicon at the same time that's going to go become fish in a year, you don't operate with a huge inventory of that sort of product. So, in a short cycle, sudden spike type of thing, supply chains aren't going to be able to react. Having said that, I think, overall, we did a good job in meeting supply chain. I think really best in class in the industry.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I tried to do that during the call and, obviously, we don't tend to go as specific as they tend to do. We continue to see good UC demand. Obviously, we had good results in UC and are continuing to forecast, and up overall business outlook, which reflects these investments in UC. But we don't talk about, ordinarily, specific deals and transactions.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: There's always been a certain amount of unevenness in the pace of growth. I think that, for sure, there was the launch of Lync 2013 in the March timeframe. I don't know that I want to say that, that resulted in a lower sequential growth. I actually think perhaps more of it was reflected in a pretty good December quarter that made a higher base relative to the sequential pick up. So, I still think, if you look at it year-over-year and you look at that quarter in relation to the last 8 or 10 quarters, it looks like a pretty good quarter, and the overall momentum in the market still seems positive.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: So, if you are referring to sequester, the answer is we haven't really seen the sequester impact yet. We're just anticipating that it's the kind of thing that people have now reacted, the fact that it's in place, that they have to have plans in place in October. One, in that the impacts could start to reach, more likely, in the September quarter or following than they will right away. But it's certainly on people's minds and it's on the minds of the industries that feed into that sector. When we talk government, of course, it's broader than that in that State and local remain a fairly challenged market for us, has been challenged for some time, hasn't gotten necessarily any better.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think that the change in government was a positive in that there's a certain amount of business activity that waits as you have the kind of leadership change and you're trying to figure out but decisions are going to be made. I think they got a little affected, then, by the kind of global economic questions. But, at this point in time, I think that the overall situation, at least from a government perspective, in China, is positive.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Sure. So, Tavis, on the headset adoption rate, we are seeing attach rates similar to that, today, related to Microsoft Lync. We're expecting the attach rate to grow overall today, through 2017, as a result of there being more softphone deployments, and that's what we're seeing as well as what Frost & Sullivan is expecting as well. So, we do expect headset adoption to grow. It is the primary device of choice which is being deployed when UC with voice gets rolled out. In terms of the audio devices sold, the ASP that's -- you get back into in the model, it's actually just not too far below what we're seeing today in ASP. So, we are expecting an ASP decline or that the market forecast is for an ASP decline.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, first of all, in our minds, we've not been focused just on the headset opportunity. We've been focused on our value-add. Now, there's no question that the authenticity of the brand is built upon the strength of our headset business. But we view that as a leverage to add a lot more value in the contextual intelligence solutions that we can bring, and those integrate with a lot of different other software and applications to deliver far more value than is possible through just a headset. I think, that as you look at some of those software value-add, it does naturally carry us even further outside some of that dependency upon the headset as a base. So, we're definitely exploring a variety of long-term growth opportunities.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I think that, that's a good question. So, as we -- let me just say this. This model is based upon the growth of our existing businesses in a very reasonable manner. Some of the evolution of the business that is feasible, into greater software value-add, could result in slightly higher levels of gross margin and R&D. But, for right now, we've not attempted to do that level of work.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, we always like to be conservative. So, when you ask me for confidence, I always like to find something negative. But bear in mind that the last several years, we have been dealing with a downward draft in our OCC business, not primarily due to cannibalization, but due primarily to the fact that the labor market has gotten worse. So, labor participation rates globally are way down, and this is certainly true in Europe, this is even true in the U.S., which has got, supposedly, the best recovery going, and mobility is down. So, we've been having this UC growth that's largely been masked by the deterioration in our additional business. That stops deteriorating. We get more growth. That starts to rebound and we believe it should, and I'm not trying to predict global economic states, then we get a boost upon that. So, I think that when we look at the numbers, they look positive. The other thing, which Greg kind of outlined in the model, is that the UC business, which is growing faster, just naturally becomes a larger portion of our total revenue stream.
S. Kenneth Kannappan: Well, I do hope you guys remember that we said this March quarter was a spike for China Mobile. Don't hold that one against us, that is a spike. But, nonetheless, if you exclude that...
