Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, Amit. So first of all, we -- because of the transformation, we think that we will continue to support the guide that we provided last year about sustained revenue and profit growth year-over-year. This has been the goal that we had before and continues to be the goal that we have now. From a business perspective, this will allow us to continue to accelerate our subscription and services business. We will be a more efficient company because we will be leveraging our digital infrastructure to support and to -- we will have transformed many of the key processes that we have and the mix of our business between the core businesses and what we call the growth businesses will also be different. This will be the key driver that we will expect to achieve through the transformation.
Enrique Lores: Yes. If you remember, we announced a plan to rebalance profitability between hardware and supplies [three] (ph) years ago. We have been executing on that. This quarter, we shared that more than 50% of the printers were profit upfront. So all this has also helped. But as Marie said, we expect to build a business within range during 2023.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So yes, you are right, Shannon. The $11 billion does not include Poly so this will be on top of $11 billion that we explained. And the goal that we had at the beginning of the year was for them to be about $10 billion. So this is almost $1 billion more than what the plan was. I think what we can say at this point is all of them grew double digit during 2022, and we expect collectively to grow again double digit in 2023. And as we share, if we look at the year, the gross margin was above the gross margin of the company. In some of them, we are still in investment mode, and we know we need to continue to invest to continue to accelerate the growth. And this is one of the reasons why we have been working on the transformation for a few months now because we know that we need to both compensate for some of the challenges that we see on the market side given the slowdown in some of the markets, but we also need to continue to invest on the growth initiatives because they will carry the growth of the company and the value of the company in the future.
Enrique Lores: Sure. We can talk about that. We also shared in the prepaid remarks that we are not changing our capital allocation plan. But as we have said before, we are going to be returning to shareholders 100% of free cash flow unless better opportunities arise and always within the our -- where we will stay within our leverage rate. In Q4, we completed the acquisition of Poly. We did it one quarter before we were planning, and therefore, during the beginning of the year, we are going to slow down or moderate our share buyback to -- in alignment with our plan. But our plan is to go back to the original plan in the second half as we will have more stronger situation for a free cash flow perspective. And that's our plan.
Enrique Lores: And the situation is different on the print side, especially on the Commercial side, we continue to have some shortages as we were expecting. So backlog for Commercial print remains elevated and we expect to clearly during the first half of 2023.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So as I explained in the last call, the changes in the performance in the supply business is really driven by a slowdown of Consumer demand. We started to see this at the end of Q3. And as we were expecting, we have continued to see that in Q4, and we project that this will continue. Of course, as demand gets adjusted, there is an inventory adjustment, but this is not the reason why we are seeing -- the impact in supply is really driven by adjustments in user demand. . For the full year, as we said last quarter and we continue to say, we expect the business to go back to our original guide. And this means that the second half will have stronger performance than the first half. I think as we look at quarter growth as one of the key metrics, I think it's important to realizing that adjustments done in previous quarter have a lot of impact on growth. So we don't think it's the best way to measure the health of the business because anything that happened a quarter ago will have an impact on what is the next quarter. But again, the big impact is driven by a slowdown on Consumer demand. And I think it's also important to highlight that our channel inventory is in a very good position today. I mentioned last quarter that it was slightly above where we wanted it to be. We are now totally within the position where we like to be.
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, Erik. I would say there are two things. First is the world is in a very different position now than when it was three years ago, but also the company is in a very different position. In fact, a significant part of the savings that we are going to be able to achieve now are really driven by the investments that we have made during the last 3 years that really are enabling a significant part of it. For example, when we talk about continuing to work on the digital transformation, we can do it now because of all the investments that we have made during the last three years. Additionally to that, when we look at the return on this investment, it really brings -- has very good results. We are going to be investing $1 billion, and we will get, as Mario was saying, $1.4 billion of run rate savings at the end of '25. So really very solid return. And on top of that, this will also help us to continue to invest in our growth businesses. We think that it is important that as we go through a challenging marketing conditions during the next quarter, we continue to invest in the future businesses of the company, and this transformation is going to enable us to do that going forward.
Enrique Lores: We think that the world is, as we have said, very volatile and having a strong balance sheet is really important. So this is why we will stay below 2, keeping investment-grade rating is critical for many of our big deals with large corporations. So this is one of the big reasons why we want to stay there. And if everything we will deliver, we are not planning to go beyond the range.
Enrique Lores: Sure. As we have explained in the past, our strategy and our goal is profitable growth is not to gain share for the sake of gaining share. And therefore, we are very judicious and very careful as we look at deals in different geographies, different segments to make sure that the deals make financial sense for us. This quarter, we saw very aggressive pricing in many countries in the world, especially in the Consumer segment, especially EMEA. And in many cases, we decided not to participate. But we also know that to maintain a strong leadership position in this market, we need to regain share. And this is -- and we think that the cost reduction activities that we have been working on for some time are going to be part of the Future Ready plan, are going to help us to be more competitive and help us to win share during 2023, which is our goal. And that's really the key -- this will be the key driver of the share growth that we expect to have.
Enrique Lores: Sure. From a margin perspective, similar to what happens on the transactional side, the home, Instant Ink program is more profitable than the Managed Print Service program. That’s driven by the fact that we own almost all the technology stack. From a growth perspective, though, they are not related. We have a lot of opportunity to grow the consumer subscription business and to grow as well the Managed Print Service business, especially as we start seeing some slow but some recovery on the office side.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So our portfolio optimization have many different elements. Let me highlight a couple of them. First, we are going to maintain, and in some cases, increase our investment in the growth businesses. As I said before, we expect to get double-digit growth in 2023. And going forward, they will continue to become a more relevant part of the company.  On the other side, we also know we have opportunities to optimize some of the businesses in the core side. For example, during 2021 and '22 because of the component shortages, we have to duplicate many SKUs. We had to duplicate investments in boards, in many different parts to compensate for component shortages. This is clearly now an opportunity to simplify, to rationalize and to reduce investment and cost in the cost side. And there are many other things, but these are two good examples of the things you will see us doing.
Enrique Lores: Thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. But you can see that we are taking the actions under our control to manage the situation and to improve the situation. Clearly, we know that we need to both continue to reduce our cost structure, but also to invest for the future of the company because I don't think anybody can predict when the rebound of the economy will happen. But what we want to make sure is that we have a stronger HP when this happened, so we can take advantage of that. So really thank you, everybody, for joining. And Happy Thanksgiving for those of you in the U.S. Thank you. 
Marie Myers: Amit, maybe I will just add a comment, and good afternoon, regarding the savings. So we do expect at least $1.4 billion of gross run rate structural savings by the end of '25 and approximately $560 million of that by the exit of '23. Just to add, it will be a mix of both COGS and OpEx. And we look at this over time, as Enrique said, and we expect that these savings and investments that we're making are going to provide that significant flow-through over time.
Marie Myers: Yes. No, thanks very much, Amit. So look, as you said, we're really pleased with the Print margins that were at 19.9% in Q4, which is actually at the high end of our expected range. And that increase, if we look at it from a year-on-year perspective, is a combination of things. Firstly, we've demonstrated disciplined OpEx management that's contributed along with overall pricing durability, as you mentioned. And I think both of these factors combined have really helped to sort of play into our performance. As we look into next year, we do expect once again to be at the high end of the range. And it's really contributed by both the resiliency of the portfolio, our strategy, a combination of that pricing management. I think that we've really mastered along, obviously, with the benefits of the Future Ready Transformation program that we just announced today as well.
Marie Myers: Absolutely. And good afternoon, Shannon. So as you said, the cash flow guide is $3 billion to $3.5 billion. And just a clarification, that actually does include the $400 million of restructuring cash flow. So just take that into account in your model.  Now in terms of how to think about free cash flow, as you know, it tracks with net earnings. But in any quarter, as you've seen just in our results, in the last couple of quarters, it's driven very much by the mix of business that we see in the quarter and changes in working capital. And those items include everything from the restructuring, the bonus, et cetera, and also just adjustments that we make to our inventory level. So you're going to expect that there's going to be a level of seasonality around it as well. And then as we're thinking -- specifically about the first quarter that's coming up, we would say it's going to be -- we're going to guide here to a lower number because we expect typically from a seasonality perspective, that's when we pay out the bonus that we accrue in the prior year. And also, we expect specifically in Q1 just due to the fact we've got this combination of both the unfavorable business mix from the top line pressure of Personal Systems, you combine that with the bonus payout and restructuring and with the increase in AR from contract manufacturers, which is partially offset by continued reductions we're taking at inventory level, we expect that our cash flow in Q1 is probably likely to be negative towards breakeven. So I know I've said a lot there is definitely a lot of factors going into driving the linearity in our cash flow. But once again, still very confident in the guide that we've given for the year of $3 billion to $3.5 billion. And then I'll just turn it to Enrique if he wants to comment at all with respect to our repo strategy.
Marie Myers: Yes. I'll just add, it is important that we're going to ensure that we at least offset dilution from employee benefit plans as well.
Marie Myers: So just on the revenue per PS, we do expect it to be down mid-single digits sequentially. And obviously, that's driven by all the conditions we've talked about earlier today. And as you know, we normally don't guide revenue, but we do expect that normal seasonality won't apply in '23. So we'll see some improvements in the overall revenue trajectory in the back half. But overall, we do expect to see PS revenue down here in Q1.
Marie Myers: Yes. No. With respect to revenue, I think as I said earlier with Toni's question, we do expect to see down mid-single digits sequentially. And as we mentioned earlier, I think Enrique commented in the prepared remarks, down 10% on units, and this is obviously with an environment where you've got higher channel imagery, there is going to be some ASP pressure. So we do anticipate though, as you get into the second half, that should clear out the inventory that we'll see some of the revenue adjust. But I think the way to think about it is that certainly the first half of PCs is going to be challenged. But obviously, we will be doing our best to offset all of this with an improvement in our mix. And I think we've demonstrated that over the last couple of quarters.
Marie Myers: Sure. If we're talking just Personal Systems, absolutely. We expect that the inventory will remain elevated through the first half, but then normalize in the second half. And then as I think Enrique said earlier, Print is in really good shape, both supplies and hardware.
Marie Myers: Yes. No worries. No, we're very much committed to the strategy. I think we've articulated of staying inside our range. So absolutely, we'll continue to execute against our strategy.
Marie Myers: And just on the margins, as I said in our prepared remarks, we do expect to be at the high end of the range. But in terms of just how to think about it half-on-half, just in the first half, we do expect a little more softness in Consumer due to some of the favorable pricing. So we'll see that probably in the first half, some normalization.
Marie Myers: Yes. And just on the second half, just bear in mind that not only the channel inventory will be in better shape, but we also will see the impact of the Future Ready Transformation program. So we'll expect to see those gross run rate structural savings that I mentioned about $560 million kick in, in the back half as well. So that's another driver along with -- we should see supply chain improved, particularly in print and high-end PCs. And I'd just add that at the high end of the guide, the upside is really coming from a better macro, but we're not counting on it. So that's what could drive us to the high end of the range.
