Greg Klaben: Thanks very much Bobby. Welcome everyone to Plantronics Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Conference Call. Joining me today are Ken Kannappan, Plantronics President and CEO, and Pam Strayer, Plantronics Senior Vice President and CFO. The information presented and discussed today includes forward-looking statements which are made under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The risks and uncertainties related to such statements are detailed in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K in today's press release. For the remainder of today's call, we'll be providing only non-GAAP metrics related to gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and EPS. We have reconciled these measures in our earnings press release and in our quarterly analyst metric sheet, both of which are available on the investor relations page of our website. Additionally, after the conclusion of today's call, the recording of the call will be available with the information on our website. Unless stated otherwise, all comparisons of the fourth quarter fiscal 2014 financial results after the same quarter and the prior fiscal year. Plantronics fourth quarter fiscal 2014 net revenues were $209.1 million. Plantronics GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.65 compared with $0.67 last year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.74 compared with $0.71.   The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter consists of charges for stock-based compensation and purchase accounting amortization, both net of the associated tax impact and tax benefits from the release of tax reserves. Please refer to the full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP in our earnings press release. I would like to remind you that we will be holding an Investor Day at our new manufacturing plant in Tijuana, Mexico on June 25th. For more information please contact me. Finally I would like to also note that a change in our naming convention for two major revenue categories beginning next quarter we will begin reporting revenues for consumer as a single category comprising mobile, gaming and entertainment and clarity revenue. We will also begin referring to office and contact centers enterprise. There is no change in the reclassification of revenues within enterprise and this change reflects larger opportunity being driven by Unified Communications and our evolving solution for how and where people work. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Greg Klaben: Thanks Pam. At the beginning of every fiscal year we update our total addressable market and growth expectations for the subsequent five years. Working with industry analyst firms across (indiscernible) and strategic analytics in addition to our own estimates we updated the average compound annual growth rate expected for our markets from calendar year 2013 to calendar 2018. I will walk you through the total addressable market and if you haven't already seen our new IR presentation with these slides they are available on IR section of our website. Note that it's mentioned earlier, we will be changing office and contact center, the category to enterprise and there is no change in the classification of revenues within this category and it refers to enterprises of both sizes. We will also begin reporting revenues from our consumer product lines as a single category called consumer comprised of Bluetooth, gaming and entertainment and clarity products. I will start with slide number 13 in our IR deck. We cited [ph] our total addressable market at $2.3 billion as of calendar year 2013 growing to $4.3 billion in calendar year 2018 for CAGR of approximately 13%. This is the same growth rate we had forecast last year for the five year period ending in calendar year 2017. The enterprise market is estimated to be $1 billion in 2013 growing to $2.3 billion for CAGR of 17% to 18%. This is higher than the CAGR we provided last year of 16% to 17%. The consumer opportunity is estimated to be 1.3 billion in calendar year 2013 growing to 2 billion in the calendar year 2018. The compound annual growth rate for this period is expected to be 8% to 10% which is higher than last year’s range of 7% to 8%. The next slide number 14 shows the enterprise opportunity in greater detail. The UC market is expected to grow from 300 million in calendar year 2013 to 1.5 billion in calendar 2018, a CAGR of 38% to 40%. It's a very slight decline from last year’s model. Before enterprise, CAGR is expected to be 1% over the same time period. Higher headset attach rate is driving our revenue opportunity and slide 15 we estimated that the current headset attach rate to 425 million knowledge workers globally is currently approximately 6%. The estimated attach rate in 2018 is forecasted to be 13% to 450 million knowledge workers. On the next slide number 16, we have our assumptions with the UC market which are mostly unchanged just updated to reflect calendar year 2018. The forecast for active UC voice licenses is 94 million with an attach rate expected to be 60% with a total install headset base of 56 million headsets. In 2018 the forecast is for 22 million UC audio devices sold and an ASP which is consistent with our prior model. Our total market size is $1.5 billion. Factored into the assumption of the market size for 2018 are replacement revenues to the installed base of UC headsets users which is estimated to be less than a third of the total market revenues. Our expectations are -- we maintain market share, the UC market had a level similar to today over the next five years. Note that our definition of UC narrower than some other companies and that our definition of voice license requires a voice capabilities have been activated and in use not simply licenses sold. As UC becomes an increasing portion of enterprise revenues we anticipate that at some point in the future we will discontinue the revenue breakout between core enterprise and UC as we did today, both because it becomes less relevant and because it is increasingly harder to accurately measure whether our headsets are being used in UC environment. I would also like to note that we’re anticipating more modest growth rate for revenues for the fiscal year 2015 as compared with the five year growth rate in our market model. We’re now providing fiscal year 2015 revenue guidance but do emphasize that while we expect continued growth in UC revenues in fiscal 2015 we do not currently expect an acceleration UC revenues in the fiscal year. On the consumer side we’re also currently expecting more modest growth rate as compared with the market growth rate. With that I will open the call for questions.
Greg Klaben: It's slightly down from what we’re experiencing today but it's in-line with what we had with the assumption last year’s model at about $68 per device. So there is not much, since it is a combination of our own analysis as well as (indiscernible).
Greg Klaben: Thanks again everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, we will be available afterwards.
Ken Kannappan: Thank you Greg. At fiscal 2014 we achieved record revenues of 818.6 million, record operating income of a 166 million and record earnings per share of $2.85. I like to highlight five key takeaways from our fiscal 2014. First, the year was a year of investment and our organization scaled for significant anticipated growth driven by Unified Communications. We opened our new manufacturing plant in Tijuana which is significantly more efficient by consolidating operations for multiple facilities into one. Recently we were named the Best Place to Work in Mexico for the fourth consecutive year. We just invested in our workspaces around the world to enable what we refer to as smarter work feedback from the employees and customers and partners visiting our locations, it has been overwhelmingly positive. Literally 1000s of visitors, many of them seeking to emulate the technology and productivity that we have achieved. We continue to build our R&D capabilities opening a software center in Austin. We just went live today on an upgraded ERP system from improved global processes and scaling. We have invested heavily in UC over the past several years and as a result operating expenses grew faster than revenues. Fiscal 2015, we’re planning for future profits to grow at a rate similar to revenues and anticipating an improvement in operating margins as the year progresses. Our second point is with 27% growth in revenue in fiscal 2014, Unified Communications continues to be our key strategic focus. Revenue from our UC product portfolio represents 28% of our OCC revenues up from 24% the prior year. We believe that we are in a very beginning of the long term growth opportunity with the vast majority of the UCC opportunity still in front of us. Third our long term expected growth rates in the size of the UC business remain unchanged and we continue to believe that we’re in very early stages. Our combined markets are expected to grow approximately 13% per year. This is identical to the growth estimates that we provided last year, the only difference being the five year time period beginning in calendar year ’13 versus calendar year ’12 last year. This growth rate is being driven by increased headset usage and as a result of the use of Unified Communications Technology. We anticipate more modest growth in the near term similar to recent growth rates. However, we’re seeing evidence that UC will begin to pick up. Greg will cover additional details of our market growth expectations later in the call. Fourth, we have consistently returned substantially all U.S. cash for our shareholders and repurchases and dividends and we anticipate continue to return sizeable portions of U.S. cash to our stockholders in fiscal 2015. Today we announce a dividend increase from $0.10 per share per quarter to $0.15 to balance our payout to 1/3rd of free cash flow going as dividends 2/3rds of repurchases of domestic U.S. cash flow. Fifth, we remain as confident as ever in our leadership position in the enterprise headset market and the growing UC market. Our continuing innovation breakthrough’s and contextual intelligence, some other features and enhancements in our UC portfolio, whereas to maintain a premium position at fiscal ’14 and we have the opportunity to strengthen that position fiscal ’15. Today we just won a Partner Innovation Award from Avaya at their International User Group Conference. In fiscal 2015 we will focus on these key goals and we will, one, deliver profitable growth by delivering compelling communications experience and help customers improve efficiency and ease of use across the enterprise. Number two, extend our brand to be relevant to a broader addressable market. Number three, extend our consumer reach to become the indispensable interface users turn to with connected experiences through their day. Number four, scale for growth by improving operational effectiveness and flexibility of the value chain. And number five optimize our culture through innovation, productivity and employee well-being. We’re well-positioned to achieve these goals and let us to continue to increase long term stockholder value and cash flow generation. With that I would like to turn the call over to Pam to go over our Q4 results.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Well first of all actually we think we’re competing well in the market. It is difficult to get good or accurate data and I will just kind of comment on that a little bit. The major players don’t necessarily provide public disclosures of the number of active voice proceeds [ph] that are growing. Our primary competitor disclosed the data on a different basis than we do and then there are a number of people who aren’t disclosing any data. So it's a little difficult to say. For sure there are timing issues that involve some larger customers and when they happen to roll things out. Our general sense is that we are doing very well in the market and are not losing any fundamental market share. I think that if we look at some of the issues in the market that happened over the course of last year and obviously when Jabber became free from Cisco that created a little bit of a slowdown in the market as people started to evaluate. There has certainly being some macroeconomic concerns that have been out there in the market related to that. I think that many companies have gotten serious about moving forward that they have started to look at their infrastructure and say do we really have all the pikes [ph] that we need, the necessary Wi-Fi bandwidth everywhere across our organization in order to ensure the quality of voice necessary to do these deployments. My sense actually is that the momentum is significantly built. The tone that we heard at Enterprise Connect and the Lync Conference and really across the Board at major events, it's been that people are really gearing up to move forward. Now that’s not to say that I think these are all going to occur this year, the cycle time is pretty long for proof of concept pilots and deployments. But I think that the activity is really picked up in terms of people getting serious about moving forward with it.
Ken Kannappan: It is to some degree. Let me just say that it's probably a little bit more towards the back half of the year than it is in the front half of the year and if -- I am not really anticipating things to get wildly ahead of our expectations but if it does we have been working pretty hard on some strategic growth plans that we’re not yet investing in that we’re prepared to invest in because we are expecting this UC market to begin to hit and when it does we wanted to be prepared and really thought through plans to invest wisely. So we do intend to just let that lag the rate of gross profit growth but that doesn’t mean not to have some incremental investment for future growth opportunities.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. So the cycle time in my mind for many companies when we hear about these things is better than a year in terms of when large deployments happen. Now that doesn’t mean everybody, some of them can be faster but in general I have got to go through a proof of concept that can be anywhere from let’s just call it two months to four months. I have got to go through a pilot that’s probably another three months sometimes 4 or 5 months. Then I got to plan my deployment that’s probably another 2, 3, 4 months and then I’ve to actually deploy and that can be anywhere from three months to a year and half and I would say generally 6 to 12 months. Those aren’t perfect times, they vary, every company is different and certainly larger companies on the longer end, smaller companies are often on the faster end. But the momentum that we’re seeing build is at the front end. Some of that I do think will hit towards the latter part of this fiscal year. Some of it I think will hit the following year.
Ken Kannappan: Okay well so there is a few things behind this. I mean in all honesty first and foremost is the absorption of more and more young people into the workspace who have grown up accustomed to using instant messaging. Who are accustomed to using Skype video conferencing or bunch of other tools and expect to have that type of tool. As the ecosystem is moving and for example as we have many large companies use this and you as a company are trying to interface those companies and all of a sudden all the other vendors they are competing with you are open federated with that company and do all these tools and you can’t -- its pretty awkward and so there is a growing realization among most corporations, I think the last pull I saw was a 98% of the Global 1000 firms are planning to go forward with UC and the question has been the timing. So I believe, again if you go to these conferences and you talk to companies, almost everybody is planning to go forward. The issue I think that is holding people back now is one of proceeding with the fit to their business which includes again making sure the infrastructure is in place and able to support it. That’s a very comparable item at least in most developed markets. There are some places and particularly for remote operations where the pipe is not adequate to support voice and by that I mean the availability of high bandwidth but beyond that most of the infrastructure is in place, most companies are beginning to either make decisions on the vendors if they want to pick or have already made largely those decisions and I think that they are in the process of moving forward. Now that only refers to large enterprise market. It's going to take more time as we move pass that into the SME and SMB more likely hosted markets to take place.
Ken Kannappan: Yes it's completely a coincidence we don’t plan it that way but as it happens it will wind-up offsetting a fair amount of the legal expenditures that we will have on the other matter so that it turns out our financials will actually be fairly reflective, not exactly but fairly reflective of the real business.
Ken Kannappan: It's hard to say but I suspect that first phase is probably between this quarter and a little bit more it's going to be largely over with we will be moving to other phases.
Ken Kannappan: So just to be clear in UC we get a higher ratio of corded rather than wireless and just the way to think about this is that in the non-UC world we primarily sell to people we talk a lot and many of those people who talk a lot therefore it's very important product for them and they are willing to pay for it, they are willing to pay for mobility and the company is willing to invest in them as a result. UC extends us into a lot of people who don’t talk as much and for them it's not as important and for the company it's not as important to invest in the solution for them if you only spend 10 minutes or week on the phone listening to one voice mail or something like that. So on the one end we get incremental lift and on the hand that includes people for whom the category is less important and hence you get a higher mix of corded.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. I think that what we saw globally is that the independent brands gained a lot of share and that included very much Plantronics. We had very, very good share gains both the last couple of years. In addition and I’m referring here primarily to our existing business and voice, Bluetooth if you were or mono Bluetooth. At the same time clearly we entered into the stereo and we have seen growth there which of course by definition include share because really we were pretty small. And yes there is a little bit line fill in that but I don’t think it's a huge number relative to the performance.
Ken Kannappan: Yes there is a little bit higher mix in headsets than we were planning on initially and that’s probably continued to rise.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Clearly the U.S. has strengthened some. We believe that a lot of that really relates to business investment decisions rather than individual decisions. In other words we don’t think we have seen this kind of sharp spike in voluntary turnover that you tend to see in robust labor markets. But we think that we have seen interest in business investment which is helped us in the market. I think it's clear that Europe -- the growth is kind of anemic right now. It's certainly not looking like the recession condition or anything like that but it's not being as robust as you know given what happened in December, that we saw in the March quarter and I think there are concerns about Asia-Pacific in terms of a slowdown. Certainly in Russia on the B2B side you know the events there are taking a bit of a hit on economic activity at present.
Pam Strayer: Sure. So for the guidance for next quarter we do expect mobile to be a little bit higher portion of total revenues going down our gross margin a little bit. We don’t typically give any more detail into the revenue line now but I would agree that the UC growth rate expectations will be similar to what we experienced this quarter.
Pam Strayer: Yes so for the tax rate last fiscal year you should model it at 27%, that’s what we’re using. For the income below the line there were some small unusual items that went in there. I don’t have them up on top of my head but they were maybe 3 or 4 that were individually immaterial items that we don’t expect to recur.
Pam Strayer: Yes it's very much impacted our geographic mix and last year we had some differences from them as a result of the one time warranty adjusted we made but yes 27% reflects our expectations there 27% with -- when we entered FY ’14.
Pam Strayer: Yes I think it's built into our guidance for Q1 and we will be approximately half the quarter, so yes it's built in there and yes I guess that answers the question.
Pam Strayer: Yes, we have been modeling that additional depreciation expense all along. So that’s taken into account.
