Enrique Lores: Thank you, Beth, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. HP made 2 important announcements today. First, we shared our Q1 earnings results that demonstrate our incredibly strong foundation. We also announced a 3-year value creation plan that reflects the significant opportunities ahead. We have a lot to cover today, and frankly, I've been looking forward to this call for some time. We have a winning plan. Since becoming CEO of HP 4 months ago, my focus has been to deliver on the strategic priorities I outlined during our investor meeting last year. When I took you through our plans to advance, disrupt and transform, I made clear that we have multiple levers to drive shareholder value. And this quarter's results show that our plan is working. On the call today, we will first cover Q1 earnings and then go into detail on our value creation plan. We will also talk about the Xerox proposal and why it undervalues HP and creates risk for our shareholders. But as I said, let me start with Q1. We are out of the gate very strong. Our team is on a mission to out-innovate, out-execute and outperform. And it was an impressive quarter for HP. We delivered non-GAAP EPS growth of 25%, significantly above our guided range. We have now beat or met our non-GAAP EPS for 17 straight quarters. That's every single quarter since separation. We grew revenue by 1% in constant currency and non-GAAP operating profit dollars by 16%. We generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow, and we returned 84% of that to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results show that we have the right plans in place to create value. We are advancing our leadership in Personal Systems and Print. Let me start with Personal Systems, where we grew revenue for the 15th consecutive quarter and we delivered exceptional operating profit. We are creating amazing new experiences for customers while driving profitable growth and outgrowing the market. This team is an execution machine, and we see runway for sustained value creation. We will discuss in more detail shortly. In Print, we continued making progress against our plans. Instant Ink surpassed 6 million subscribers for the first time. And we saw another quarter of solid growth in Managed Print Services. We're also disrupting industries by leveraging our technology and IP, particularly in graphics and 3D printing. In graphics, we announced an additional $100 million deal with ePac. And in 3D, we continue to make progress, bringing together end-to-end solutions for customers. An example is New Balance and Superfeet. They are offering customized 3D-printed caps for their insoles to consumers. They are using HP's FitStation and Multi Jet Fusion printing technologies. And as we advance and disrupt, we are transforming the way we work to unlock value. In the first quarter, we continued to drive operational performance by reducing costs and improving efficiency. We transitioned our sales force to a single commercial organization that is helping to accelerate our go-to-market. This includes global harmonization in areas such as pricing, and as we saw in Q1, the ability to allocate supply more effectively across the globe. Most importantly, this transformation is bringing us closer to our customers and partners. We are aggressively operationalizing our plans to take structural costs out of the business and are executing our plan to deliver 40% of our gross savings by the end of fiscal '20. We will discuss this further in the review of our value plan. Our Q1 performance gives us great confidence in our plans for 2020 and beyond. Before I turn the call to Steve, I want to briefly address the coronavirus situation. First and foremost, the well-being of our employees, partners, customers and their families is our #1 priority. We are following the processes and protocols outlined by public health authorities. We are also providing resources to assist with the public health response. From a business perspective, as you all know, the situation is fluid. We are actively working to return to full production as quickly as possible. We are working with our logistics providers to ensure we get the necessary capacity to meet customer demand. Overall, we are viewing the situation as temporary in nature and we are aggressively navigating the challenges. Let me now turn it over to Steve to walk through the financial results for Q1 and our outlook in more detail. 
Enrique Lores: Thank you, Steve. The details we have shared today show that HP has a path to attractive value creation and a compelling investment thesis through execution of our stand-alone plan. Additionally, we believe consolidation on the right terms could create incremental upside to this plan for HP shareholders. HP is reaching out to Xerox to explore if there is a combination that creates value for HP shareholders that is additive to HP's strategic and financial plans. I'm confident in this next chapter of HP. We will be more aggressive, nimble and focused. And we have multiple levers for value creation. Now let me stop there and open the lines for your questions. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. Thank you, Shannon. I think any conversation we will have needs to address the 3 issues that we outlined during the call. First, we need to make sure that the value exchange between the 2 companies reflect the real value of each of them. Second, the resulting entity needs to have a capital structure that makes sense and that will be able to address the needs of the businesses that we will be running. And third, it needs to be based on synergies that are realistic and that can be achieved. This is a conversation that we think is possible to have at this point, and this is what we have opened the communication -- open the engagement to talk about. 
Enrique Lores: And let me add one more thing. Our #1 priority is to execute the plan that we have outlined today. We have an opportunity of creating very strong value for our shareholders, and this is what myself, Steve and the rest of the team are uniquely focused. 
Enrique Lores: But as Steve said, as we said in October and we said it today, we will continue to look for opportunities to become more efficient. Removing cost is an activity that never stops, and we will continue to do that and continue to improve the efficiency of the company. 
Enrique Lores: And let me add one comment. Steve said in the prepared remarks, we have very realistic market assumptions that are supporting this plan. And basically, we are expecting flattish revenue. So this is also an important plan or the confidence that we have about this plan. 
Enrique Lores: At this point, Toni, I don't think that who buys what is a real conversation. The real conversation is to make sure that if the 2 companies get together, we address the issues that we outlined during the call. First, we need to make sure that the valuation of the 2 companies is fair based on the value that both companies are going to be bringing to the joint entity. We need to make sure that the resulting capital structure makes sense for the businesses where we will be operating. And we need to make sure also that there is a fair, a clear assessment of what the synergies are. This is I think the important conversation for our shareholders. Once we clarify that, then who, how are things that will be discussed after that. 
Enrique Lores: And when I got this question in the past, I always said that we were undervalued because our financial plan was clearly delivering higher value. And this is one of our objectives of sharing this today because now this analysis can be done openly, and it will clearly reflect what is the real value of this company. 
Enrique Lores: Well, let me start and then maybe Steve will provide more detail. The way we have designed the capital structure will provide us flexibility to continue to drive accretive M&A with solid return on investments that will be aligned to the strategy that we have described. We have increased the debt that we are going to be taking, but still, we will have enough room to drive the M&A that we will consider appropriate. 
Enrique Lores: But let me emphasize one of the points that Steve made. As a consequence of the strategies that we are driving, we expect the Print business to be a much stronger business 3 years from now than it is today. We will have fewer unprofitable customers, and we are sharing some details about that today. We will have higher share of supply. We will have better hardware margins. We will have a higher percentage of contractual business, both for consumers and for businesses. And there will be a higher mix of growth businesses like graphics and 3D. So as we execute our strategy, we are really driving a significant improvement of the quality of the Print business. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me start. So as we talk about the coronavirus, always our first thoughts is our employees, partners, customers and their families because we have a large number of them in the countries that are being affected -- impacted. At the same time, we need to acknowledge that if I focus on the business side, the situation is fluid. And our #1 priority -- our #1 problem is manufacturing capacity, both for Personal Systems, for Print hardware and supply. We are working very aggressively with our manufacturing partners and suppliers. I personally have been in contact with most of the CEOs to accelerate the recovery. We are seeing some improvement, but as Steve mentioned, we are expecting still to see some impact during Q2. 
Enrique Lores: Well, in terms of the date of the shareholder meeting, we will be publishing our proxy statement in the next week, and then it's when the date will be defined. In terms of the engagement with the Xerox team, it's something that has actually already started. And we will be reporting on that, but we will have to based on regulatory obligations. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. So first of all, let me remember that when we had the investor meeting in October, I was still not the CEO and I have been the CEO of the company only for 4 months. During these 4 months, I have worked with the team, [ and all the team ], hard work to really look for ways to accelerate the value that we can provide to our shareholders. This is what we have presented today. And at the same time, we wanted to be able to demonstrate our ability to execute in Q1. We have done this today, presenting very strong results, and this is why we are having this conversation today. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. Let me take the question. So we have done a lot of work internally to, based in public information, trying to estimate those synergies. And also we hired a company that is specialized to validate some of our key assumptions. And we reached kind of the conclusion that Steve mentioned before that synergies are in the range of $1 billion. I want to remind everybody that the overlap between the 2 companies is relatively small. From our perspective, it's less than 10%. So really, we need to always have that in mind when we talk about synergies. Having said that, around 40% of the synergies will be in cost of goods sold. Around 60% of the synergies are in the OpEx side. This will give you a high-level estimation of the synergies. 
Enrique Lores: And this is -- a fundamental part is we are driving significant costs out of this company, and the value of that needs to go to HP shareholders. This is their money. This is why we think a big part of why the current proposal doesn't work for HP shareholders. 
Enrique Lores: Sure. As we have said before, we are very confident in the trajectory of the Personal Systems business going forward. We -- there is a very large installed base that is -- that we can drive and upgrade to some of the new volumes, some of the new units that we have. And we think that we have an opportunity to mitigate any impact that the Windows 10 refresh may have going forward. 
Enrique Lores: Additionally, to some of the shortages we have seen on processors during the last quarter, so this really is smoothing out the transition to the new system. 
Enrique Lores: And as we said before, the biggest impact is driven by the supply chain impact. That, of course, will have an impact in sales all over the world. 
Enrique Lores: So thank you, everybody, for joining. As you have seen during the call, we are very confident in the plans we have laid out today. We will build on our disciplined and sustained cost reduction actions to drive overall operating profit and cash flow across our business. And we will keep evolving so we can become a better, leaner, more digitally-driven company. My #1 priority is to execute the plan that we have outlined today. Thank you. 
Enrique Lores: I am Enrique Lores, President and CEO of HP. Today, in addition to reporting strong financial results for the first quarter, we're outlining our plan to create value for our shareholders in both the near and long term.  In this video, you will meet key members of the team to help you to understand our position of strength and why this is the right team to lead HP forward.  HP has a clear strategy to create value for shareholders, and our strategy is working. We're advancing our position in Personal Systems and Print. We are disrupting industries with breakthrough technologies across graphics, 3D printing and digital manufacturing. And we are transforming how we work to continually optimize our cost structure and create the capacity needed to reinvest in innovation.  As part of our value creation plan, HP's Board has approved a new capital return policy that we expect will return at approximately $16 billion. This program will utilize our balance sheet for HP shareholders benefit. It will preserve our ability to pursue disciplined M&A as well as to continue to grow our dividend at least in line with earnings. You can also expect us to win the right way.  As a leader, I have always believed that how you do things is just as important as what you do. I am proud that Newsweek recently named HP, America's Most Responsible Company. Honors like this reflect our team's ability to deliver for shareholders today while paving the way towards a brighter future. 
Enrique Lores: Our results reflect the kind of company we have built, laser focused on execution and delivering value to our shareholders over the short and the long term. And our 3-year financial plan shows that we don't plan to slow down any time soon.  Thank you for your support of HP. We are writing a new chapter in the story of this great company. And I know it will be our best one yet.
Steven Fieler: Thanks, Enrique. An important part of our value creation plan is driving a more aggressive balance sheet and capital allocation approach. We are establishing a new capital structure model with a target gross leverage ratio between 1.5 to 2x gross debt to EBITDA. In addition, we have announced a new capital return program, both in the short term and long term, which would utilize HP's balance sheet for the benefit of HP's shareholders. Our capital structure will still preserve our ability to pursue disciplined and accretive M&A and to continue to grow our dividend at least in line with earnings. The plan builds on HP's strong history of returning capital to shareholders. Looking forward, we expect to return approximately $16 billion to shareholders over the next 3 years, with at least $8 billion of shares repurchased in the 12 months following our 2020 Annual Shareholder Meeting. To support this plan, the Board has increased the total share repurchase authorization to $15 billion, an increase from the $5 billion we announced in October 2019. This increased capital return will be funded by deploying excess cash on HP's balance sheet and available debt capacity. We remain committed to maintaining an investment-grade rating. We are also increasing our long-term return of capital target from approximately 75% to 100% of free cash flow, unless higher return opportunities emerge. We have a strong value plan, reflecting the significant opportunities across our business. It is a plan built on realistic assumptions, and it is a plan that combines operational earnings growth with enhanced return of capital to shareholders. I'll bridge our non-GAAP EPS from FY '19 to FY '22 in 3 parts, starting with the earnings contribution from our Print and Personal Systems business segments. We're expecting an increase of $0.41, plus or minus, from FY '19 to FY '22. This assumes approximately flat company revenue during this period, consistent with the growth across our weighted portfolio TAM. We remain well positioned to continue outgrowing our markets, improving our mix into higher growth and margin categories all while managing improved supplies revenue declines over the 3-year period. Importantly, the primary driver of the expected operating profit growth is the high-confidence $650 million net flow-through from our transformation cost takeout program. Second, we had $0.35, plus or minus, from shares and other using our previously guided 75% capital return. This base operational plan would generate between $2.90 to $3.10 non-GAAP EPS in FY '22 before any enhanced return of capital. Finally, we added the benefit from the incremental capital return program announced today, the upfront share repurchases, along with a 100% return of free cash flow target over the years ahead. This would generate another $0.45, plus or minus. In total for FY '22, non-GAAP EPS range is between $3.25 and $3.65. We hold ourselves to high standards, and it is the HP way to consistently achieve the goals we set. We take a disciplined approach to capital allocation, including M&A and return of capital. We have experience acquiring and consolidating as well as separating and divesting, and we have returned a significant amount of capital to shareholders. And we've done all of this while executing globally across both Personal Systems and Print portfolio and creating new businesses and revenue streams. That's the foundation we have built at HP. It's one that you can trust, and it is grounded in the purpose-driven values of making sustainable impact and doing business the right way. Now I'll turn the call back to Enrique. 
Steven Fieler: Just to quickly just double-click for a second on the 3 dimensions that Enrique described. On the first one on the value exchange, just to put it numerically, given our outlook, Xerox' offer today is roughly a 7x PE for HP. And if we look at consensus on Xerox over a similar period, they're, as of last week, in closer to the 9.4x range. So a striking difference in the respective valuations despite the fact if you look at our performance, HP has been growing and Xerox has been declining. The quick double-click on irresponsible capital structure. There's no hardware company in the S&P index with a leverage beyond 3.5x, and so we view it as irresponsible. Candidly, if we just reflect on the current situation with coronavirus and the working capital required to run our Personal Systems business, it's really important that you have that flexibility in your operating cash as we do today. And then the third one on the synergies, it's important that our investors get the benefit of HP's cost takeout program and not Xerox taking credit for it in terms of the synergies they're claiming. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So maybe I'll clear up the numbers. So what we announced at SAM in October was a $1 billion gross run rate savings by the end of FY '22. At the time, we did acknowledge that that was to cover business headwinds to invest in the business, and we'd have some drop to the bottom line and we didn't quantify that drop. What we're announcing today is that that $1 billion goes up to $1.2 billion in FY '22 and not by the end of FY '22 and that there would be a $650 million net drop from that. The confidence comes really from the start out of the gate, given where we see the head count reductions that have taken place thus far, the continued work we've done over the prior 3 months. As we said, we'll always look at taking additional costs out, and we'll communicate them when we have line of sight. And so since we have line of sight, we've increased it to $1.2 billion. In addition to that, what we didn't specifically quantify in October but it's important for our investors to understand is we also have ongoing productivity initiatives and actions. This takes place every year. It always does at HP, where we see more than $1 billion of productivity. Think about this as vendor management, supplier management, pricing efficiencies, which we drive day in and day out. That's really used more just to make sure that we are competitive in our markets and our business. And so what's really important is the structural cost reductions, and that's now $1.2 billion. 
Steven Fieler: Sure. Yes, I mean it's really a fundamental part of our overall capital structure. And as we said in the prepared remarks, our new target debt or leverage ratio is 1.5 to 2x. It's important that we maintain investment grade, and we have confidence that operating within that range, we'll do so. And the reason for that is a few-fold, one of which is what you just described. It's important that we can manage across economic cycles and particularly with our Personal Systems business and ensure that we have sufficient cash for operations. Also given what we've announced, we think our capital structure still supports our ability to invest and look at accretive, disciplined, value-based M&A and really take advantage of the financial and debt markets as they arise. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I would say, first of all, the plus $650 million is a plus or minus, right? And so we obviously have proven in the past few years our ability to profitably outgrow our market and also do so in categories where we're under-indexed and have higher long-term growth and margin accretive potential. That being said, we did want to take a realistic view of the opportunities in markets that we see. We do see and would expect certain parts of our portfolio to continue to grow. And we'd expect there will be parts of our portfolio that we continue to expect some declines, supplies being one of them, although we do expect that the supplies declines will improve over the period. 
Steven Fieler: So let me take a first crack at that. So I think there's a couple of things just to start with, the first of which is just to remind everyone, we did over-deliver on our Q4 results after our Analyst Day, and we significantly over-delivered on our Q1 results announced today as well as now 2 increases in our full year '20 outlook. So that's point one. Point two is what we didn't share in October, what we are sharing today is the underlying financial plan that is consistent with the strategy described at our Security Analyst Meeting. And that plan, in and of itself, is why we bridged it the way we did, would deliver between a $2.90 to $3.10 non-GAAP EPS in FY '22 before any of the incremental increased return of capital discussed today. So I think those are 2 important data points that have not been shared with our -- I guess the earnings beat has, but the value plan itself, this is the first time we're talking about it in this level of detail. And I think it's important facts and assumptions that would support the investor dialogue, which we'd continue to have and will continue to have. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. I mean the only thing I would add is, again, we intend to operate between the 1.5 to 2x leverage ratio. It's important for us to maintain investment grade, and we believe that still gives us the capacity to do what's still an important part of our strategy, which is M&A. 
Steven Fieler: Sure. I won't kind of give any specific guidance as it relates to supplies revenue other than potentially to provide some color commentary. Certainly, as it relates to our 3-year plan, as I mentioned, we are still assuming the supplies revenue will decline, but we expect it to decelerate and improve over time. The reason for that, there's a few things. First of all, we're expecting that the supply share will improve throughout the period, reasons being our strategy. We're shifting more to contractual-based models, both in the home and office. Enrique commented that Instant Ink has now over 6 million subscribers. Number two, we expect to continue growing our industrial businesses, graphics, 3D. Number three, we expect to shift more of our customers to our end-to-end systems. Now this is going to evolve over time but that certainly should help supply share. And finally, operationally, we're driving changes we've talked about in EMEA but also executing some of the wins we saw on the ink side, where we've improved our supply share into the toner side. So those should all help our supplies trajectory over time. I would call out that we still have declines in installed base and especially in home. So there's definitely offsets to that, which is why we're still expecting a decline throughout the period. 
Steven Fieler: Yes, I'll just -- I think it's important to reiterate that this is a dynamic situation. Our guidance just factors in the best information that we have today. We do view the situation as ultimately a temporary situation that we'll work ourselves through. As Enrique indicated, we are expecting that it would impact both our Personal Systems and Print business, hardware and potentially supplies as well. And in Q2, the impact will be felt across our units, revenue, profit and free cash flow. We have factored in, as I said in my remarks, an $0.08 net impact, a negative impact in our Q2 outlook. And we're not expecting any material impact in the second half. So that's what's assumed in our guidance. As it relates to free cash flow, I do want to note that given the delayed manufacturing and production, that is likely to make Q2 to be a more back-end loaded revenue quarter, and therefore, be negative to cash flow as well as from an inventory and days payable outstanding perspective, the timing of the manufacturing could also pressure working capital there. So it is likely to have a negative impact to our Q2 free cash flow results, again, temporary. 
Steven Fieler: Well, I mean obviously, we'll continue to look for returns-based opportunities to invest in. If we see those, we'll make those investments. If we don't see those, then there's always opportunities to drop more to the bottom line. We'll continue to aggressively lead in our markets, as Enrique said in his remarks. And again, if that leads to upside opportunities, that can drop more to the bottom line. That being said, our 3-year cumulative free cash flow outlook is between $10.7 billion to $11.7 billion. It's one of the strengths that we have seen in the past and would expect going forward, which is we generate a lot of cash at HP. 
Steven Fieler: In terms of the debt, I mean the debt and the actual execution of the increased share repurchase, first and foremost, we're going to get out and engage with our shareholders. And we'll provide greater clarity in terms of kind of the timing and ultimately the structure and debt levels as we get closer to the execution. 
Steven Fieler: I would want to add that in the October time frame, we did announce the Board's approval for the largest share repurchase authorization in the history of HPQ as a stand-alone company, both in terms of dollars as well as a percentage of our market cap because as we said at the time, we did view our shares as significantly undervalued. So we did say that at that time. 
Steven Fieler: I think it's also important just to reflect upon the flow-through. And what we've heard is that there's an assumption of 100% cost flow-through to the bottom line that Xerox has proposed. It's certainly not anything that's being achieved today and their cost takeout plans. And so I think we've reflected on that. And again, I think it's important that whatever the synergy number is, it's an incremental synergy number and doesn't duplicate the cost plan that HP is already executing and candidly, that Xerox seems to be executing on their side as well. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. So we increased our full year outlook by $0.10. I think what we've demonstrated is we do have multiple levers to drive profit at the company, and our outlook does assess the various risks and opportunities that we see. Maybe just a few high-level points. The first is we have factored into our guidance, what you see in Q2, the impact of coronavirus. We see it as a temporary issue at this point. Again, it's dynamic. But that is both in Q2 and does reflect our overall full year guide. In the second half, Personal Systems is going to have a tougher compare, whereas Print should show a better compare and year-over-year improvement. But also second half, and I think what's important is we do expect to see more of the structural cost reductions and savings, and we have increasing confidence in that. You factor all those elements together, which is why we increased the full year by $0.10, and we've got confidence in delivering that, albeit the coronavirus remains dynamic. 
Steven Fieler: Well, I guess first and foremost, we've got a strong balance sheet, and we don't necessarily look at this as an either/or proposition. I mean our return of capital and capital structure is really designed to return significant capital, also preserve the optionality around M&A if it's ROI-based and disciplined and accretive to the company that could create value for our shareholders. Clearly, any specifics or hypotheticals really matter about what any potential transaction could look like, so won't comment on that. But our capital allocation will remain disciplined and responsible and strategically deployed to drive value for the company. And we think that 1.5 to 2x target leverage will allow us to do so. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. Our long-term margins for Personal Systems is fundamentally driven by the structural improvements we have made and would expect to be making in our mix. You've seen that underlying our results over the past many quarters, certainly, and the most recent quarter is also helped by some of the supply chain cost favorability. But the mix really helps and then the cost takeout. The cost takeout should help both Personal Systems and Print, both in the short term and long term. 
Steven Fieler: Yes. And what we saw in Q1 was our demand remained solid certainly on the commercial side, and so I think that's an important factor. Ironically, I think the coronavirus may ultimately push out some of the Win 10 refresh time lines, given some of the constraints we're going to see in Q2, so that could support a better second half than we originally anticipated. 
Steven Fieler: No, the guide really reflects the economic conditions as we saw today. And the demand impact was really China-based as well as the supply chain and logistics impact from the China production and manufacturing. 
Steven Fieler: My message today is about our confidence in the future. HP delivers on its commitments. We plan to deliver significant earnings per share growth driven by increased operating profit in Personal Systems and Print, structural cost reductions and ongoing productivity, combined with the right investments for our future, strong free cash flow and an optimized balance sheet.  HP's operational strategy and financial plans are based on realistic market assumptions, proven execution and leadership across our portfolio, cost reduction opportunities that are already being executed and growth businesses that already exists. We see significant operational upside ahead. Over the last 3 years, HP has returned $9.1 billion or 80% of free cash flow to shareholders.  Looking forward, our strong balance sheet and robust free cash flow generation provide us with multiple levers for value creation. We are highly confident in our ability to continue delivering on our commitments. 
