Ken Kannappan: Thank you, Greg. And thanks to all of you who’ve called and for taking the time to listen to our call. Our first quarter results reflect stabilization in our major product groups and geographies. Demand was better than we expected in the office and contact center market as a result of improved business in healthcare and government. In addition, we’ve seen an increase in work-at-home programs among Fortune 500 companies. This has offset what remains a globally weak economic environment. Turning to some of the key takeaways of our first quarter, overall revenue declined by 27% from the first quarter last year to $160 million as a result of comparative economic weakness. In fact, we had a benefit from the California to Washington hands-free laws in Q1 last year. Increasing our gross and operating margins has been a critical objective, and both were above expectations in Q1. Results have several factors. First, higher product margins in all major product groups. Secondly, a favorable mix shift towards higher margin products. Third, achievement of break even impact on our P&L from our consumer business on a contribution margin basis. And fourth, a favorable impact from our previously announced plan to a wider cost structure with the current market environment. Our Q1 operating margin of 14% is higher than last quarter. It is even higher than the same quarter last year as a result of focus on improving profitability and efficiency. Our inventory level was at the lowest in several years, and our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment position were at just over $250 million, as we generated over $35 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter. The operating results of the Audio Entertainment Group improved markedly compared with both the same quarter last year and also the prior quarter. There are no options off of the table in regard to AEG, and we hope to update you by the end of the September quarter. I’d like to turn for a very brief update on Unified Communications or UC for short. In the June quarter we continued to see a strong level of interest in our solutions for Unified Communications, which include voice. We are seeing global growth in trials and future plans for UC adoption. While a few large deployments were underway, most corporations are still early in their evaluation. We are tracking hundreds of major companies, which appear to be moving forward with some level of UC adoption. While initially many will retain their hardphone solutions, we expect over time that softphones will increase, precipitating a large increase in headset adoption potential. Compared with the year ago, it is clear that corporations worldwide have placed UC with voice into their future plans. In order to secure leadership position, our R&D investments are primarily focused on UC. We are also working hard to secure strong alliances with the largest UC vendors. In the June quarter, Microsoft selected us from an international field of 2,000 top Microsoft partners as their OEM Hardware Solutions, Device Manufacturing Award winner at their 2009 worldwide partner conference. We are pleased with this award. We are also working very hard and very well with Cisco, Avaya and IBM and other important UC partners. We continue to be committed to executing on our goals for fiscal 2010, which are, number one, to be profitable and cash flow positive; number two, to establish strong UC market position for future growth; number three, to improve consumer profitability; and finally, to improve return on invested capital. Now I would like to turn the call over to Barbara to give you a little more insight into our results.
Ken Kannappan: I don’t really think so. Of course, there could have been some here and there, but I don’t think as an overall explanation that’s the case. As Barbara said, we really had five fairly flat months in a row, representing that as we declined to kind of a sharp trough level and then had a slight rebound for those five months representing what we think is a fairly steady pattern of demand over that period.
Ken Kannappan: I mean, it is a little tough, and so we’ve been struggling ourselves with how can we communicate it given the reliability of the data, the fact that it’s a two-step and the fact that certain products can be bought for UC but not currently used for UC. In other words, people buy to future proof their solutions. Couple of comments on this. Right now, clearly UC is not a significant part of the total revenue mix, but I will tell you it dominates the discussion that we are having, particularly with the large customers at this point in time, because that is very much what they are looking towards. And many of them to most of the large companies are in fact piloting, trialing these types of units looking at UC on a go-forward basis and very concerned to make sure that the solutions they buy will be compatible with whatever UC solution they go forward with. So it’s important to them even in advance of actually deploying UC solutions. So at present, a small part of the business, but a critical strategic part of our relationship with them as a supplier. Going forward, we expect it will be much more significant. We do internally track – and I can’t give you anything on a quantified basis that we know that we’re going to be in a position to feel like it has the type of data integrity to constantly go forward and compare to. Again, we have seen a significant increase since the last quarter in the number of corporations that have decided to move forward with UC deployments over time. We feel very good about that momentum.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. Well, two points. One, in terms of attach rates, it’s actually so far been more positive than that 50%. But I want to caution that we’re dealing with a very small sample at this point in time, so not necessarily expecting the early adopters will be characteristic of the rest of the market. Some of the early adopters are technology aggressive. Some of the laggards are going to be all the more inclined to keep legacy phone solutions, and we’ve got to bear that in mind. And that is – that is a really, really important issue for us, because if you keep a legacy telephony infrastructure, there is not necessarily an increased need for a headset for attachment. The second thing is that I think that if anything the market has begun to believe that they are going to be using, to a greater degree, phones and you see soft solutions at the same time for a longer period of time to ease that transition, we believe and we hope that that will still give us an opportunity to sell headsets for attachment for UC voice sort of soft phone even while people continue to retain the hard phone. But I think if anything, the momentum is shifted towards, as people are looking at it going forward, keeping some sort of an IT fund in their deployment.
Ken Kannappan: Hi, Reik.Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Hey, good afternoon guys. Maybe just back on Unified Communications, looking at it more broadly, can you give us a sense what the pilot activity that you’re privy to? What are they telling you about the actual savings that they may be getting from Unified Communications? And how much might that drive it? Because I think that’s kind of the hard thing for people to get their arms around right now as we go to this new technology and what does it really give you.
Ken Kannappan: I’m not going to get into that too much right now, but I would say just kind of broadly on the topic consumers, there is no question that, number one, we are seeing a consumerization occurring within business and increased important of remote workers and then understanding of IT department that these individuals will have both personal and business applications and that they need to have a somewhat holistic view to support those requirements. And what they use at home, they will bring back into the office as well.Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Okay, great. Thank you much.
Ken Kannappan: Well, so it is correct when I measure it in terms of our revenues from these products. I mean, bearing in mind, we just launched Savi Office last quarter, right? So it’s pretty new. But again, I think it’s already material, very material to our relationship with most of our key partners and with our largest end users because they understand it’s the future and they want us as a partner to help them understand how they need to get there. I think that the timing of its materiality may actually, again, anticipate UC deployments to some degree because people want to be prepared in future proof for those applications. And you can use these new systems, even if you’re not going to use it. I mean, just as an example, I have – we have customers who want to be able to use audio on their PC. They are in a queue and they are saying, I’m getting e-training, I’m getting video mails, I want to listen to the streaming audio for whatever reason, then I’ve got phone calls, and I can’t really do that with speakers without bothering other people. And therefore having a headset allows me to take phone calls and receive the audio out of the PC makes a lot of sense. So there is a lot of reasons why it’s a good and appropriate solution again independent of whether or not I’m actually deploying UC right now. When do I expect to be material? I didn’t really kind of go over our materiality definition, but I guess I would have to say we do expect that this will be a significant mix shift. And certainly in the next fiscal year, I would expect it to be a material part of our total revenues.
Ken Kannappan: Well, again, we didn’t – I'm not sure, I don’t want to be tripped into disclosing this before we’re prepped to do that. But suffice to say, I would expect it to be material in the next fiscal year.
Ken Kannappan: I’m trying to remember the data, but fundamentally I would say that the overall inventory remained pretty lean. We’ve had a little bit of a supply constraint on a few products as we’ve been working the transition in our Bluetooth business. So we really think that the overall levels are fairly low.
Ken Kannappan: Okay. Well, first, I don’t think that there has been a major change since our last quarterly call in the competitive landscape. We continue to see occasionally aggressive price actions. We saw one this past quarter of a piece of big business. Half our price type of stuff, and we do see that. They have had a change in leadership and it’s too early to see whether that will continue this kind of out of control, the centralized price sort of focus or whether we’re going to see a shift towards growth from that, more obviously interested in seeing what happens. But I think we’ve managed to, despite that kind of stuff maintained overall our market share and our margins. And if there is a change then perhaps there will be better that we’ll see either way. We’ve tended to compete successfully. I think that to date we haven’t seen a new entrant. As I’ve said before, unfortunately many organizations do want to have more than one player in the market and at the same time, this space has yet not been one where people – particularly the large infrastructure ventures want to deal with a lot of different players. So we haven’t as yet seen more than our primary competitor involved in most of the competitive situations.
Ken Kannappan: I think that there is a mix on that. I mean, clearly part of what we did, we believe, is a reduction in our cost structure and improve efficiency that we believe can be systemic. There are, at the same time, areas where – you know, it’s true the business is at a slightly higher level than we thought and Unified Communications coming along the pike pretty well. And so there are certain opportunities for us to be ready for that. And so we gave a number earlier as to our OpEx expectation for the year, and I think that there could well be a little bit of increased investment in a couple of areas to prepare for those opportunities.
Ken Kannappan: First, let me answer the first part of it. I think it’s going to be more comparable to our corded business than the wireless part of it. Bear in mind that our existing customer base is largely comprised within the enterprise of the 7% to 10% of people who are adopting it. In general, those are people who are on the phone a lot. And therefore, number one, the headset is very important to them; number two, there is a heavy mix of people with either help-desk requirements, mobility, and that’s a critical tool for them or upper end execs [ph] who are able and willing to say, you know, I want to have a wireless product. As we are mixing it out into a much broader demographic where people are in some cases not on the phone very much at all. They need to have a headset because they need some voice I/O tool to check voice mail or to listen to other stuff, but they don’t make a lot of calls necessarily. Those people, the average company is simply not going to pay for a wireless headset. They will believe that a corded solution is adequate. So we expect the mix to shift towards corded, and you see and in fact, just to be clear, that is what we have seen with the initial deployments, is a very, very high mix of corded solutions. So that’s our expectation. In the second question you asked about relative to integration with vendors, and you’re right. On our legacy infrastructure, those are typically closed systems where we’ve had proprietary product that we offer that provided interface between those closed systems. Now even in traditional telephony, that had actually begun to erode a little bit as they were vendors that have come up with direct connect type solutions, and our business and our market share and our margins have still persisted for some period of time. As we are looking towards, you see the integration is less about the physical connection because clearly if it’s a PC, you are dealing with either a USB interface or some kind of wireless interface, be it Bluetooth or something else. But it is still about the integration from a software perspective in terms of the applications and the ease of use and the ability to command and control them. And it’s not just with Unified Communications, but it’s also with the other audio you’re using on your personal computer. So at this point in time, we do think we have a leadership position. We think there are at least a couple of major players with whom we are the only party that they are working with to integrate it. It doesn’t mean that others cannot create a level of integration, but it’s more difficult and it’s not necessarily as good an experience. And right now, again, there are only two major players working on this. And I think probably both of us have achieved a fairly significant ease of use experience in broad plug-and-play compatibility. On top of that, of course, this is also a fertile field. This is an opportunity for us to create further value-add for the end user in terms of the experience they can have and in terms of the functionality that they can create in terms of use of these products. Just to give you a single example to make it little bit more tangible. With our product as an example, if you are using – and I’m talking about our Savi Office here. If you are using that on a – you get a call coming in, for example, on a telephone line. Your e-training application, for example, will automatically pause, okay, rather than continue. You will then go ahead with the call if you wish them to conference at that point in time with someone internally using a UC system so that you know that they are available. You can do that actually mixing within our unit between a VoIP call through that UC system on the PC and a traditional landline call. So that’s a level of functionality that we’re able to add. So I think that it’s a different type of value-add and it’s very, very early in the game in terms of what’s going to be the level of competition, but we’re certainly completely focused on trying to make sure that we’re successful in winning, and winning with margin.
Ken Kannappan: Well, so you’re right. I mean, the steps we can take on the cost structure and then after that some of it does depend on by competitive forces, which are both based upon the value that we’re able to bring to our products and clearly to the last point, we’re trying to have more and more value to be brought in software. In the case of some of the Bluetooth products and DSP and algorithms and other things that don’t actually affect the product cost, design value. But it also depends upon the behavior of competitors, and those are both a function of their business strategy as well as whether or not they have excess inventories in a moment of time. So it’s hard to fully predict. We are expecting and hoping that we will have improved industry structure and improved margins going forward, but it’s a function of those other things.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. In general, I would say that the United States held up reasonably well. China was reasonably good. And certain parts of Europe held up reasonably well. There were some other parts of Asia that were a little bit more affected and some parts of Europe that were also weaker.
Ken Kannappan: Well, so as we are putting together our forecast, that was one of the things we were trying to most assess was, would we see a traditional strengthening in September? Was the economy going to affect that? And I think we’re still so early into this economy that we can’t be completely confident that we will see the types of normal pick-ups that we’ve seen in the past. So we’re not totally sure. But how are we planning the business? We are planning the business expecting that at least on a slightly muted basis we will see seasonal patterns.
Ken Kannappan: We really operate a book and ship business candidly. And so when you see visibility, I mean, we ship most orders same day, next day type of things. So there is – the only visibility is what people are telling us. And we have good relationships with everybody, but we’ve seen before that when there are macro events, macro economic events, and for whatever reasons people change their plan, we don’t get any notice of this. If there is an example, companies suddenly decide, hey, you know, things are good and I want to get in front of this curb and I want to get going. We’ll see a pick-up in our orders pretty suddenly. On the other hand, people start to get really nervous and voluntary turnover declines further and people are very, very fearful for whatever reasons. We’ll see the negative effect on us. So we don’t really have a great deal of visibility. We tend to know whether we’re going to win or lose business, but it’s much harder to figure out how much business there will be.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. Just to Barbara’s point, I mean, so we track all of the historic data and the lines for this year are not really tracking as yet, or at least they look quite a bit different in terms of their cyclicality than we’ve seen in prior periods.
Ken Kannappan: No, I think that’s probably less the case candidly because – I don’t know exactly when I said it, but I will say that early on we were clearly in a position of being concerned about establishing ourselves on the two key platforms of the future, one being the notebook/netbook, PC, and the other one being the smart phone. And we were very conscious of the fact that in the smart phone business we’ve been told, hey, your guys are voice only, these are voice in and entertainment and music platforms. And at that time, our market share was much lower. We’ve successfully launched and gained a leadership position in the retail CE space, and we’ve done a lot of other things that have given us a strong hand there. On the PC as a platform side, we’ve done quite well preparing ourselves for UC. We’ve, at this point in time, secured a very strong position with Microsoft and other key players in there. We’ve had some other initiatives to deal with the remote worker and to provide other kind of far field types of solutions. So I think we feel that we’re in a much stronger position at this point in time in terms of having secured what we need strategically for Unified Communications than we had in the past.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. So I think that the parties that are driving Unified Communications have been the enterprise communications vendors, which I would say it’s Microsoft, it’s Cisco, it’s Avaya, it’s Nortel, it’s IBM, Alcatel, a variety of other players and of course many system integrators, some smaller players, Shortell, others that are coming along as well. And really if you are a communications infrastructure player and you go to their website, I mean, you just see Unified Communications all over the place. I mean, that’s been their plan and goal for sometime. And so they are selling those solutions. So I think many customers are looking to, one, integrate different parts from different vendors and coming up with a solution that’s their organizational requirement. I’ve got a feeling I didn’t answer all your questions. So tell me if there is a part I missed.
Ken Kannappan: We think we have a very good relationship with all of these players. I mean, really we definitely need them. And that was part of the earlier question. We want to work well with all their solutions, we want to help the end user above and beyond what’s in their solution, and at the same time, they want the same thing. I mean, they know that we are a critical part of the deployment in terms of reaching the end user. They know that in many cases it’s not just the communications platforms. And even if it is just the communications platform, they may not be the only vendor. And so for both reasons, they want our functional. They want to work with us. And of course, we’re the market leader in the space. So we think we have a very good relationship with these key players.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Well, first of all, much as we have made business out of pushing headsets, we’ve always recognized that not everybody is willing to wear a headset, and some people furthermore are in situations where a headset doesn’t make as much sense. And therefore we needed to have some other solutions. Let me go through that. One is a handset. So this is an alternative headset where you can use a USB port and use a handset, i.e., very traditional set of buttons on a terminal much like you see on many phones that you use with USB. And the advantage of that is number one, some people due to their hair, due to their – they don’t want to wear something on their head, their appearance, or they may be in a common area where it’s the utility phone in a conference room or something like that. And they don’t want to use something that somebody else may use. And so we have handsets – we don’t see it as being the larger part of the deployment, but we understand that it’s part of the portfolio we need to have. Another product is a speakerphone that’s really for UC. And again, this is the example where I built into most – desk phones nowadays is not quite a Polycom level of conference phone, but it’s a built-in speakerphone that provides a reasonable level of functionality if somebody else joins you in your office for a call. And much like that if you’re in your office, you’re using Unified Communications, right now with built-in microphone and a built-in speaker, in most PCs are not very good quality. And so this is a much higher quality, 360 degree speakerphone that you can use as an adjunct for your office when for whatever reasons you need to have a small group type of collaborative call.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. I mean, that’s been the strategy of that business for sometime. And clearly what’s happened is that the market is migrated from their historic business, which has been phones for the hearing impaired towards increased use of mobile phones. And so they have brought in their product line in that context. They’ve upped the technology significantly with DSP in their digital clarity product offerings. So that business is undergoing some metamorphosis from somewhat more simple frequency shaping to some more advanced technology, portable form factors and some more of value-add that we can provide, including system level value-add that to some of those people. And clearly again, that’s right in that curve. They actually with the part of the business that they developed, of course, the handset for us for use with the Unified Communications part of the business. And that’s going to go into their business as well.
Ken Kannappan: Well, so let me just say that I – we, of course, hope for growth in their business. Having said that, it’s – right now in that business, I think we’re at the early stage of a major step change between that market having used historically phones and shifting to much more modern equipment. So that’s a kind of a significant change, sales cycle and adoption curve. We think it’s going to be significant over time, but we probably expect it will ramp more slowly.
Ken Kannappan: Okay. Well, thank you very much, Clayton. And thanks to all of you. As always, we are available if you have any further questions, and we appreciate your time.
Barbara Scherer: I think if there’s been kind of a hidden demand or pent-up demand, what else (inaudible) itself more as maybe really a large month and then something less. But in fact, the weekly order rate and shipping rate has been pretty stable since February.
Barbara Scherer: Our cash balance domestically is – it is – it's only $87 million of the $254 million. So it’s not growing as fast right now as international has been, which is partially because of the inventory reductions, which generate a lot of the cash flow. That inventory is basically held by our international subsidiaries. So it’s $87 million, and we have 865,000 shares left to repurchase under our authorized plan, which at today’s sort of prices will use about 21% of our domestic cash balance. So we – you know, we fully intend to continue to use excess cash to buy back stock. I think we’ve got an absolutely terrific record of doing that. This is our 19th stock repurchase plan. Over the years we bought back over 21 million shares and we’ve spent $425 million doing that.
Barbara Scherer: As you know, we’ve continued to see inventories as measured in weeks on hand, actually continuing to drop. And they were down to about 3.3 weeks in the US commercial distribution channel and that was down several tenths of a point from last quarter, which had been down quite a bit from the December quarter. So –
Barbara Scherer: Yes. And then internationally we’ve seen drops and we’re expecting a further drop. I don’t really expect further drops domestically because 3.3 is a pretty low number, but internationally I do think we’ll have some further reductions.
Barbara Scherer: Yes, those don’t roll up quite as nicely into sort of a uniform sort of reporting package, at least not where we are right now on that, but kind of account-by-account there is – we're not worried about inventories. They don’t seem to be worried about inventory. They seem to have hit the level whatever it is for that account that they want to be at and are continuing.
Barbara Scherer: Tavis, we were saying that we think it was important and we intend to discontinue it in the future, but we didn’t mean that we are just stopping kind of on a dime. And so the cordless number was 46.6 million, which is down 27% versus the year-ago, and the corded was 49.4%, which was down 17%. So the wireless does still map a bit more to – well, it definitely maps more to office. That is somewhat more discretionary than some of the applications within the corded piece. So the corded was – I mean, they were both down double digits, but corded not quite as affected.
Barbara Scherer: When we are losing money in AEG, which obviously regardless of whatever option we follow, we don’t intend to keep losing money, but we have been. And those losses are basically they are all US losses, so they are deductible at a full US plus the California share of that. So you get a benefit of about 38%. So, as AEG becomes profitable or as those losses are eliminated, it does tend to have the effect of raising the tax rate.
Barbara Scherer: Let me just add that in a normal environment, when you’re not in a recession, you’re just in some kind of a normal GDP type environment. Then our historical patterns are actually quite helpful and really are fairly helpful in terms of predicting where we’re going to be. But since we’re not – certainly no one would call this environment normal yet, we look at all that history, but it doesn’t help nearly as much as that would in a different sort of environment.
Rohit Chopra – Wedbush Morgan: Hey, Barbara and Ken. I had a few questions here. I just wanted to get a sense of where you saw some geographic strengths and weaknesses.
Rohit Chopra – Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And my last question, if can you give me a sense of who you think is driving UC, like who those companies would be, would it be the Avayas and the Ciscos of the world? Is it the software company? Is it the systems integrators like IBMs? And then I wanted to get your relationship with some of these people that you have relationship with.
Rohit Chopra – Wedbush Morgan: I think what I was really trying to figure out is what is your relationship with some of these major –
