Ken Kannappan: Sure. Well, first of all, I do think that there was some, as you normally have, some dip in the market when Skype for Business was introduced. Inevitably people don't necessarily want to go ahead with an older system. Once they get the new one they want to evaluate it. And so there is just sort of a natural dip. And to some degree you could say, okay, that creates a corresponding increase in revenues that's a little bit of both what you might otherwise expect. Having said that, we did expect some of that already. And therefore I would say that the quarter was a little bit better than expectations. And some of that was that the economic conditions were a little bit better than we had expected them to be, particularly within some of the markets in Europe, UK and Germany, within the U.S., than we had expected. And so I would say that. Now, relative to the forecast obviously we've already baked in as it relates to next quarter, our input. As we go past that it's really hard to say. I do think that we feel that fundamentally UC is a growth opportunity. How much? There was kind of a little bit of pent-up that goes away in the immediate following quarter. Hard to say exactly.
Ken Kannappan: I'd make one other comment on the Q3 and Q4 pattern for this year which is unusual. Q3 - and this happens to us because we're on a 52-week fiscal year and then this happens to be a 53-week year. That means that the Q3 in this case is actually shifted a little bit forward, so it's got a lot of favorable dates. Q4 will actually have 14 weeks in it, although it's slightly unfavorable dates. This happens to be a fiscal year with two Easters in it. And we'll get an Easter at the end. And of course the first week of the quarter is the last week of the calendar year which is not a very strong week for us typically.
Ken Kannappan: Yes, you’re right. The consumer business does typically trend up a little bit in the December quarter. We're expecting to have a pretty good December quarter as well, both on UC and on the core business. I'd make one other comment. That's kind of a currency-neutral statement.
Ken Kannappan: Well, I think that we've seen more and more of the cloud models get implemented and many companies are very interested in moving to that type of model for a variety of reasons. So, to the extent that we have a good solution in the market or another good solution in the market, that is attractive to people it can be a positive in terms of market growth and adoption. I would say that in general those sorts of solutions are also prized by people who are very interested in mobility. And that tends to be a positive it terms of the selection of use of headsets. I think it fits very well some of the models that we've put into place to work with the system integrators in the other channels from a customer standpoint. So I think we'd see this as fairly advantageous. That said, to your other point, can anything create a delay in the market also that's new? Yes, it can. I mean, people can always evaluate something for a period of time before they decide what they're going to do.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. What we're trying to do is really help our channels receive a return on the investment that they make in developing customer bases. So these are very commonly implemented by many manufacturers to support their partners in terms of route to market.
Ken Kannappan: So, I don't want to go into particular customers and answer particular questions, except to say that it is a very broad program that we have in place. And, again, it is intended to preserve the return that those people have in making marketing and other development efforts on our behalf.
Ken Kannappan: Okay. So we don't allocate specifically where profit dollars are coming from that they are dedicated to a particular source. We have set an overall model based upon the revenue levels that we have as to what we intend to invest in sales and marketing and R&D. And then we make it a little bit more tangible within that broad framework as to the right levels of investment that we think are appropriate based upon what we see in a particular fiscal year. It's always subject to error, in my case of what the actual revenues turn out to be, to volatility as in the case of foreign exchange which has hit us quite a bit. And then ultimately the profits, as we've said before, particularly as it relates to cash flow generation, we intend to pay out 60%, two-thirds in terms of share repurchases, one-third in terms of dividends.
Ken Kannappan: So, Pam, why don't you take the first one. I'll take the second one. And then we'll hear what the third one is.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. So I think I've got you now, Yi-Dan. So, short answer is the mono Bluetooth market declined much more significantly in the U.S. than it did elsewhere. This is not to say that it has not declined globally. It has declined globally, although a significant portion of that is simply attributable to FX.
Ken Kannappan: Sorry. The significant portion of it internationally is simply attributable to foreign exchange rates.
Ken Kannappan: So, let me just say that, first, we don't know because it is kind of a future item. And we were actually surprised by the size and scope of the decline of the market in the U.S.. I think that there is certainly a risk of additional reductions in international markets. Certainly in the case of France there was a change to their regulations that no longer permitted you to use a headset in a car while you're driving in order to make a call. They switched it to other hands-free devices. That's not something that helps out. I think that the mono voice market is likely to continue to decline for a period of time and that there is certainly some risk that the international markets will decline further. We've certainly seen that the much broader adoption that we had for the category in the U.S. was heavily affected by people using smartphones where they frequently wanted to both only pay for and only carry one audio device to go with it. And as those became content delivery for music and other streaming content, increasingly that meant a stereo device rather than a voice devoice. That adoption was not as high overseas. And therefore I think the correction to that market should be lower overseas. But, again, we're dealing with a speculative area on this a little bit. So is there some downside risk to the category going out next year? We think that there is. And I don't know for sure how big it would be.
Ken Kannappan: Sure. Let me first say - is it a risk? Of course it's a risk because everything is a risk and possible. And there will undoubtedly be some people who'd elect to buy a less expensive product. However, what we're actually seeing in the market has been very encouraging. We've just, as you know, launched the Voyager Focus UC. And I did cover it in the prepared comments that we sent out, but this is a remarkable product. This allows people who are, whether they're consumerized and buy it on their own or whether their company pays for it, getting a product that is one that provides, for sure, fantastic audio experience, great integration into the UC solutions that they're using at the workspace. But this is also one that releases them from all the noise, allows them to focus, allows them to listen to music if they want to, allows them to be a lot happier. Now, the truth is that in consumerization, this means that the individual is more likely to have an influence on what they choose, what they pick. You've already seen in many cases that if it's important to people, they'll pick products they really want. Consumerization doesn't necessarily always mean that the consumer will actually have to pay. It simply means that they are going to be able to choose. Sometimes they may have allowances. Sometimes they may be able to directly bill the company. Sometimes they may indeed decide that they want to pay for the product. But in this case audio, comfort, the sound quality that you get when you communicate, we know these are important to people. And we've repeatedly seen that people are willing to pay for Plantronics quality. And that, at the end of the day, is why we have a leading position in the consumer market today, as well as a leading position in the business market.
Ken Kannappan: It's in line with the enterprise pricing. It's actually - I mean, it's a new product with some advanced capabilities, so it's a slight premium. I do want to say this is brand new and we've just started shipping it. But, again, it's being extremely well received.
Ken Kannappan: Well, by our calculations that wasn't really the case. But I would say that your point about noise is valid. I think that most of the things that influence them are the same ones that influence us.
Ken Kannappan: Yes. So, some of it is the same and then some of it is different. but let me talk - even when it's the same it can still be a little bit different. So, sometimes you have a different part of a story. You can still have Best Buy; you can still have Verizon; you can still have other places internationally. But at the same time, the location within the store where you put voice products may be a less prominent position at this point in time than the place in the store that you put the stereo products. The focus you put on it, who the sales person leads you to, the height on the shelf, a whole bunch of other things and the marketing emphasis in the front store, the amount of flyers you put out, all that type of stuff can create a different level of concentration. So even when we're in the same place it can be different. Sometimes we have different buyers between stereo and mono, even though, again, it is the same store. In addition to that, there can be some stores that only carry one type of product, don't carry the other. That's not at this point in time significant for us from a revenue standpoint.
Ken Kannappan: Well, no, I mean for us it is primarily being distributed in the same channels although it can be a different location or buyer in that same channel.
Ken Kannappan: Well, I would say there's definitely been a change, although I would call it more over the past year than certainly over the past quarter. We've been seeing a steady increase in the portion of the business that is coming from small and mid-size businesses as UC adoption begins to hit those organizations. More of the channels have begun focusing on it. There's more of the born-in-the-cloud services available to those and that's definitely increased adoption in that part of the market.
Pam Strayer: Sure. So, in terms of decline in the margins, our December quarter is a holiday quarter where we tend to have a much higher mix of consumer sales which carry lower gross margins. So we always expect a dip in gross margins sequentially from Q2 to Q3. That's to be expected.
Pam Strayer: Yes. So, there's a couple of things going on. We do have some additional legal spend that we're expecting. We've also got some credits that we booked in Q2 related to variable comp that won't be in there. And we've got a lot of other small amounts spread around, some marketing, some small increases in R&D, that type of thing, a lot of small things, no single large thing for me to point out.
Pam Strayer: Sure. I can take that one. So, we do watch ASPs over extended period of time. And we're not seeing any major changes to that anywhere in the enterprise business, either in core or in UC.
Pam Strayer: Sure. So, our guidance for next quarter assumes that we've got some low growth. Core is slightly up. UC is up in low-single-digit growth rate. Quarter over quarter, of course, the consumer category would be up and - because it's a holiday quarter for us. So consumer in total would be up by 22%. Enterprise in total would be up around 2%, if you take a look at our midpoint.
Pam Strayer: Okay. Yes. So you asked first about the shift in income between jurisdictions. Keep in mind that that shift is really a comparison to what we were planning on or what we were forecasting. Because our effective tax rate, our effective non-GAAP tax rate, in Q1 was 24.5% and the current projection for the full year is 26.5%. So we had to book a little bit of a catch-up in Q2 and that was because it was different from forecast. And so we're experiencing slightly less revenues offshore and slightly more expenses offshore than we had originally forecasted in that first tax rate. So that's the first part of your question. And then as far as the expected tax rate going forward, the full year expected non-GAAP tax rate is 26.5% at this point.
Pam Strayer: Yes. No. So, we always update our forecasting based on the full year. Some of it is currency, certainly. There aren't any particular countries that I'd point out. And, again, it's based on a comparison to our internal forecast rather than any comparison of numbers that we've shared publicly. So, yes. That's all I have to say on that.
Pam Strayer: You know, Yi-Dan, I would just assume that it's similar to the full revenue split between domestic and international. We don't provide that level of detail in our revenue categories. So I would assume, you know, roughly 60/40 split, like total revenues are.
Yi-Dan Wang: I have a few questions. The first question relates to the comment you made that your income is shifting from lower tax jurisdictions. Can you talk about what is driving that and how we should think about that going forward and the impact on your forward tax rates? And then the second question is, the dynamics that you talked about for the mono Bluetooth across the markets, it seems that that's just happening in the U.S. at the moment. And it would be good to get some color on your expectations for the ex U.S. market, whether that's something that's going to come later that we should think about. And then, the third question also -
Yi-Dan Wang: So, the mono Bluetooth market has been weak this year because retailers, as you've indicated, have been releasing shelf space for mono stereo - sorry, for stereo Bluetooth products. Right? And -
Yi-Dan Wang: Okay. In terms of your revenue mix, how much of your, I suppose, the consumer products are ex U.S. versus U.S.? So if you could somehow reconcile what the potential impact may be, whether it would be as bad as this year - hopefully not, given - I would presume that you have greater contribution of revenues from the U.S. market than ex U.S., but I may be wrong.
