Cathie Lesjak: Sure. So, in terms of the raw material costs what we are really seeing is increases in resin, plastics as well as DRAM, because there is DRAM also in the printer. Resins and plastics are largely up as a result of oil prices increasing. So that’s where what we are seeing there. In terms of how to think about the OP rate over time, we don’t really have an explicit rate for operating profit for print in any particular period. We do long-term expect that the margins will be 16% to 18%, which we talked about at SAM, which was pretty consistent with what we have seen historically. When you think about the progress in the, I would say, near to mid-term the way to think about it is as we integrate S-Print, ramp the A3 business as well as the 3D business and execute on our productivity initiatives, we do expect that the margins will improve from the 16%, but that’s really a kind of a mid-term kind of comment.
Cathie Lesjak: So in the first half, we repurchased shares for a total price of about $1.3 billion. In the second quarter, we did about 800 million of share repurchases, which is higher than what we have typically done. When we look forward to the rest of the year, we will be active in the market, but the second half will really be consistent with our capital return priorities. So, we have talked about the fact that we are going to be towards the higher end of 50% to 75% of our free cash flow this year and our buying in the second half will be consistent with that. And keep in mind that, that towards the higher end of 50% to 75% applies to now the increased free cash flow of at least $3.7 billion for the year.
Cathie Lesjak: So, why don’t I start? Paul, as we talked about, I think it was last quarter or maybe even the quarter before, we are integrating the S-Print business into the core HP print business frankly as fast as we can. And the reason for that is that it’s going to drive shareholder value. So as a result of doing that, there isn’t really a way to meaningfully separate what is organic growth versus inorganic growth for the Print segment. I think the best way to think about it is that Print by all means has had a very strong first half in terms of performing. We are very pleased with the top line growth as well as the unit placements, the margin expansion and frankly the supplies revenue growth as well.
Cathie Lesjak: Sure. So, Sherri, what I actually said was the OpEx is up largely as a result of S-Print, but not exclusively. We are also – we have made incremental investments in R&D and go-to-market as well and I believe that those will continue. Now, clearly when you look at either the total company or specifically the print business, our S-Print business has been in investment node in the first half. And as we talked about at the total company level that it would be accretive by about $0.01 in the full year. So, we do expect it to shift to making some money, which is always good. But keep in mind that even as it makes the money, it’s going to be dilutive to operating margin rates. I think that, that’s very important when you think about the trajectory of the print operating margin rate in fiscal ‘18.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Sherri, what we expect that kind of the sum of Q2, Q3 and Q4 on a year-over-year basis that we would say see 5% to 7% growth in constant currency. That’s what we expect for FY ‘18. For FY ‘19 we expect that supplies will be flat to slightly up. Once we have an apples and apples comparison with S-Print in both years.
Cathie Lesjak: So Tony, we saw good progress as you mentioned in ASPs both year-over-year as well as sequentially. And in both cases, the positive mix shift that we are driving into premium is having a significant impact on the ASPs and we believe that those will continue to be the case. We also saw as you mentioned we definitely saw some help from DRAM pricing or pricing that we took as a result of commodity cost increases. And depending on what happens to commodity costs that piece will obviously go up or down. And then from a foreign exchange perspective also with the tougher dollar, we could see some ASP increases as a result of currency as well.
Cathie Lesjak: Sure. The impact of mix on ASPs was material and greater than the pricing impact. In terms of supplies, I will go back to what I said earlier, we really have integrated the business here. So, it’s really not – we are really not able to meaningfully determine what was S-Print’s contribution to supplies versus the core, because we are rationalizing SKUs, we are now selling more HP SKUs than S-Print SKUs and therefore are those supplies S-Print supplies or are they HP supplies. So it’s just gotten. It’s not just gotten money, it’s just well-integrated, which is exactly what you want us to do, because that’s what’s going to drive the value. In terms of the channel inventory, I think we changed our commentary I want to say two or three quarters ago, when we really now are managing below a ceiling and we have been consistently below the ceiling for supplies frankly since we made the change to our supply sales model.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Katy since it’s my last call, I think I am going to say if I give an inch you take a mile, I am just on the free cash flow. So, when we look at the first half free cash flow, we are very pleased with the performance. It’s really based on the strength primarily of Personal Systems to use Dion’s term a double-double and a double-double is pretty significant from a timing perspective to cash flow given the negative cash conversion cycle of Personal Systems. We expect Personal Systems to do well in the second half although compares are getting increasingly difficult. So I think that’s one piece. The other piece is that in the first half we did have some one-time positive cash flow items that won’t repeat themselves. And then when you think about the bridge for the $0.05 increase that you talked about, it’s largely as a result of the share repurchases that we did in Q2 that were in excess of what we had originally expected when we provided the guide. So, you have got the follow-on effect of that as well as obviously the share repurchases that we are going to do in the second half consistent with returning towards the high-end of the 50% to 75% of our free cash flow.
Cathie Lesjak: Sure. Actually, thank you for the question. I probably should have mentioned this when we were talking about cash flow. Over time, free cash flow basically grows in line with earnings. And so we do get a timing benefit when Personal Systems has a particularly strong growth sequentially, because of course it has a negative cash conversion cycle, but over time, the cash flow that it generates is going to be largely, its profit. And so there is a pull-in for cash. And so over the long-term you should really think about free cash flow being in line with earnings.
Cathie Lesjak: Wamsi, we have seen an increase in commodity costs. If you think about going back to our security analyst meeting, we actually thought it was going to flatten out in Q4 of last year or towards the end of Q4 of last year. So, we have seen an increase that at that time we had not expected. But as important as commodity costs are as well as by the way the logistics costs are also going up a bit, it’s really about how you respond. What are the tools at your disposal to figure out how you mitigate those types of increases and this team has just done a tremendous job at mitigating and managing in that environment. In fact, I put my money on them in a tough commodity environment. So think about it we have used things like pricing, we have used our supply chain scale, we have leveraged our balance sheet and then to go back to Toni’s question we have done a great job of driving positive mix. And so those are the types of things that we will continue to use to kind of manage this tough environment. And I have every confidence that we will continue to be successful.
Cathie Lesjak: Amit, the core HP installed base, I don’t think is declining at a faster rate, but clearly, the S-Print portfolio will decline at a faster rate and part of that’s because of that nature of the units that S-Print put into the markets, but also because we have rationalized SKUs and that’s why it’s not meaningful to talk about S-Print separately from HP, because they are one in the same, the better job we do at integrating, the better value for our investors and the fact to the matter is you can’t separate the two.
Cathie Lesjak: So, I think I take you back to the security analyst meeting, where we talked about kind of what we thought was going to happen at the home, the office and the graphics level in terms of the four-box model. I think that’s probably the place to go. So, from a home perspective, we did expect that the installed base would continue to decline, that from an office prospective we thought the installed base with the addition of A3 would be flat, and that from a graphics prospective we thought the installed base would be up. And that gives you a sense of what’s happening from an installed base, our expectations from an installed base perspective.
Cathie Lesjak: And I think it’s important when we talk about S-Print that you separate the A3 business which was a very small part of the Samsung print business. It was really all about the future technology that future with their technology and it’s the A4 piece of the S-Print business that we talk about on the installed base coming down pretty significantly and to Dion’s point as expected.
Cathie Lesjak: Sure. So FX has been very unpredictable and when we think about where the dollar is trading today, we think about revenue kind of the impact of revenue as a result of FX for the total year would be approximately 2 points and obviously most of that impact – the vast majority of that impact was happening in the first half.
Cathie Lesjak: So, Jim, the biggest impact to FX was the addition of S-Print in the portfolio from a year-over-year perspective. But as I mentioned, we did make incremental investments in R&D and go-to-market and those are along the initiatives that frankly we have been talking about now for several quarters in A3 figures prominently in that, especially along the go-to-market lines. In terms of the specifics of how much is in the core, in the A3 space, S-Print, graphics, we don’t typically go into that level of detail, but I would say that you think about the initiatives that we have for growth and that’s going to help drive you to where the OpEx investments are being made.
Dion Weisler: And thanks Paul for the question, the print industry is no different to the Personal Systems industry. I think we have seen the Personal Systems industry consolidating over many years and it’s still consolidating today and we are able to continue to grow in the Personal Systems businesses as you’ve seen us do double-digits for the past six quarters by playing our own game. And I think the Print business is no different. There is not room in an essentially flat market for 14 players. And so I think naturally over time that market will consolidate as well, but I don’t subscribe to the fact that it has to be done through acquisition. I think we made a very strategic execution of the Samsung print business that was a technology acquisition as well as an acquisition of some incredibly talented people, but it wasn’t a market share play. As we look at the market today, we feel that from a technology perspective we are very well positioned in both ink as well as laser in A4 as well as A3 and we continue to move towards a service-orientated business. And so by adding the sprinkles of magic that we do across the portfolio, I expect that we can outpace the market. Having said all of that, I have always said that M&A is an important part of our strategy that we wouldn’t surprise anybody, any of our investors or the industry with what we would do that. When we do think about M&A, it would leave somewhere on our strategy page and would need to bolster our strategic intent and accelerate our strategy that it will be returns based and it would be weighted against other organic options and alternative uses of cash that it would come at a reasonable cost and be modest in size and that we’ll remain thoughtful and disciplined and ensure that the opportunities are compelling and will maximize shareholder value.
Dion Weisler: And Toni, I think we have consistently said and you and I have talked about it, we have this relentless focus on execution and we have a continued confidence in their predictive value of the full box model, where you can expect us to drive continued improvements across all full boxes to maintain supply stabilization in ‘19. We anticipate the headwinds that Cathie mentioned earlier. We have contemplated them. We have captured them in the expectations and we have guided that for the rest of ‘18 as well as ‘19.
Dion Weisler: Yes. Look, I am really excited about the leadership position we have taken in 3D printing and the segment where we operate in a very short period of time, we are on the path towards disrupting this $12 trillion global manufacturing industry. But it’s a long path, I have always said this is a 5 to 10-year journey and we are making the investments today to really secure shareholder value both today and for the future we are seeing significant sales momentum, including repeat orders from customers as well as service bureaus. We are expanding our adoption across key verticals. We are seeing more than 50% of the customer benchmarks. So these are when a customer is contemplating buying 3D printing they will give us a file and they say can you make this path for us who want to see and test this path. And we are of course checking what that path is for and then 50% of the cases therefore production applications, which is really what differentiates us with this technology. And some of the recent highlights, Forecast 3D, one of the oldest and largest 3D manufacturers in the U.S. has expanded its Multi Jet Fusion footprint. It’s upgrading its entire fleet to our 4210 solutions and as they respond to the growing demand, they are expecting to produce millions of parts on Multi Jet Fusion in the coming year. Jabil, one of the largest contract manufacturers is now deploying Multi Jet Fusion in the U.S. and Asia as part of its distributor manufacturing strategy. And this quarter, we also continue to grow unit placement across all verticals and geographies, including new customers in the automotive and electronics industry. And we officially announced our market entry into Mexico as well. So stay tuned this is a great business for the long-term. We remain really confident.
Dion Weisler: Sure. Look, the way I think about change in the marketplace is that change equals opportunity and so whilst these competitors that are distracted with structure and that generally presents an opportunity in the marketplace. So what we are doing is doubling down and playing our own game. If we are out in front of a customer making a call and our competitors are gathered around the water fountain, then we are out in front of the customer and that’s really where we want to be spending our time. I think we have incredible assets inside the organization. We are very focused on managed print services. There is no doubt the business model is shifting even in the traditional A4 space. It’s moving from transactional to contractual that’s happening at a different price in every country, but it is a mega-trend that we certainly want to be out in front of managed print services, we have been doing now for many years. And I think we have really mastered the art of how to manage this for a customer and the pipeline not only for managed print services, but device-as-a-service is really strong, so PC-as-a-service and increasingly customers are looking to have everything both at Print and Personal Systems and workstations and even 3D printing in the future as a service. So we remain focused on that. With regards to Ink in the Office, it’s an important part of our overall strategy. We have two incredible technology platforms. We have an ink-based platform and we have a laser-based platform. And as we talk to a customer, we don’t sell them a technology, we understand what their needs are and inside a customer, every department, every user has an individual need. So the marketing department is going to want laser-based quality. They are going to be wanting really vibrant color when they print proposals, as same with sales inside Cathie and now Steve’s organization. They are a little more frugal and so they want to be able to see red and black, but we would like to see green on headlights, that’s good too, but it doesn’t require the same high-quality, you get incredible quality with ink, but just not that glossy kind of quality. And so that represents a really unique solution. That means that when we go to a customer we can provide this mix of hybrid solutions down to a departmental and individual basis that makes our offerings very unique and compelling. So that’s what we are focused on playing our game.
Dion Weisler: I think we continue to successfully execute those growth initiatives, but it takes time and we had certainly expected it to take time as we enter into a new $55 billion business, the A3 business, where we have very low market share, we know that it is going to take time to develop that business, but we remain really confident that we will achieve the 12% market share that we set out to achieve by 2020.
Dion Weisler: Great. Well, thank you. We are at the top of the hour. I’d like to reiterate that that I am very pleased with the results of the quarter, but as always, there is more work to do. We never stop. We remain confident in our strategy and our ability to grow. Our reinvention is paying off. And I believe our best is yet to come. And finally, I again want to thank Cathie for her incredible partnership and I look forward to having Steve here on the call next quarter and to speak to you all then. Thanks so much.
