Marie Myers: Hey Shannon, good afternoon. How are you? I hope you’re doing well. So first of all, I’ll just start out by saying, look, we’ve continued to see the benefit from favorable pricing, as you mentioned, due to the dynamics around supply and demand imbalances. And with respect to how we see it to mix shifts, we’ve seen the impact of mix shifts year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter from consumer to commercial. As you heard in the – in our earnings announcement, we had a very strong performance on our revenue in commercial, particularly in PCs. So in PS and in Print hardware, that mix shift was actually what drove a lot of the strength that you’ve seen in ASPs.
Marie Myers: Well, actually, we have been pricing - I think one of the benefits we’ve seen in the quarter is the impact of favorable pricing. So right now, we’ve been able to price through the impacts that we’ve been seeing around supply chain, commodity costs and logistics. So I’d say overall, we’re managing the pricing environment very well.
Marie Myers: Yes, no. Sure Shannon. So first of all I’d start out by saying that, look, we’re really pleased with the free cash flow in the quarter of $1.4 billion. And I’d just, at this point in time, reiterate that we’re still confident in our guide of at least $4.5 billion. And I’d just point out that given the supply chain challenges that you referred to, we are not planning to decrease our inventory as we originally commented. Therefore, we expect, at this point in time, to stay on track to our guide of at least $4.5 billion. In addition, I’d add, just in closing, that typically we don’t adjust out, I think, our free cash flow guide at in the quarter either.
Marie Myers: Yes, Ananda. Good afternoon. I hope you are doing well. So for the year, we expect PS margins to be at the high end of the range. Now I would comment just to note that in Q1, there were some partner benefits from our Personal Systems partners that were onetime in nature. So if you look at our PS rate in Q1, if you exclude those benefits, we’re still ahead of the Q1 EPS range. But basically, we’d be at the high end. And so if you think about – the way to think about the margins in the rest of the year is really it’s that mix shift that we’re seeing towards commercial, those higher-margin categories are driving the rate. And finally, we’re seeing that the benefit of favorable pricing. And we’re really seeing the ability for us to be able to reprice for some of those commodity challenges that are out there in the market.
Marie Myers: I’ll just add, on the comments on the channel, I think you brought up, right now for both print hardware and supplies, we’re comfortably within our range, and in some cases, due to those supply constraints that Enrique referred to, we’re actually below in some cases.
Marie Myers: Hey, Toni good afternoon. So in terms of just addressing your question around seasonality, very much in line with what we said at the Analyst Day that normal seasonality, I’ll just start out there, doesn’t apply for FY 2022. Obviously, now as you think about Q2 and beyond, we’ve had a very strong start to the year. And as a result of that, with the performance that we’ve had a year in Q1, we expect now a much more balanced first half versus second half. And so we’re no longer expecting our revenue to be more linear across the quarters as we have historically seen. And then just to sort of reiterate the point that you made around Personal Systems revenue, as we said earlier, due to the record revenue, the Russian situation and the continuing supply challenges that you’ve heard Enrique talk about, we do expect Q2 PS revenue to decline high single digits sequentially. I hope that helps.
Marie Myers: Yes, sure. Good afternoon. It’s Marie here. So look, I think at our guide at Analyst Day, we commented that the operating profit flow-through was really a full fiscal year view. So, I’d just say that we’re confident that we will see the total of Print and PS operating profit dollars, that they will increase year-on-year for the full year 2022, though I would just point out, it’s probably going to vary quarter-by-quarter.
Marie Myers: Yes. So just a couple of comments to help you then on the sequential on PS. So as I mentioned, we do see that single-digit sequential decline on PS revenue driven primarily, as I mentioned, around both the ongoing supply chain challenges and the Russia-Ukraine situation, which we also, I think, commented in my prepared remarks. So that’s what’s guiding the revenue. Then on the op margin, as I mentioned earlier, there were some partner benefits from our Personal Systems partners. They’re onetime in nature. Now if you basically sort of exclude those in Q1, that you would get back to basically the PS margin range being at the high end of the range, which is where we anticipate we will – what the results will look like the Q2.
Marie Myers: Yes. So with respect to our margin ranges for the rest of the year, we basically calibrated our ability to be able to reprice for commodities. So, I think we’ve done an excellent job of actually managing our pricing and really being able to deal with the volatility that we’re seeing across commodities, logistics and then repricing that through the market. So our PS margin, we expect it to be at the high end of the range for the remainder of the year, and it reflects that.
Enrique Lores: Let me – hi Ananda. I will give you, first, a view of what do we think in the market, and then Marie will give you some comments on the guide. I think market-wise, we continue to see strong demand on the PC side. The market projection for this year is that it will be around $200 billion bigger than what it was before the pandemic. And we don’t expect to see the level of growth that we saw in the past, but we think that the market is going to stay at the level where it is today, which is, again, significantly higher than it was before the pandemic. Now Marie will talk about our guide and what we expect to see in our side.
Enrique Lores: Let me take that question. So, I think the progress we are making is reflected in the strong results that we had in Personal Systems this quarter. As we said during our Investor Day, our focus was really on getting capacity and getting components for the premium categories for commercial, and the growth in this area reflects the progress we have made. So, we are pleased with the progress. At the same time, we have to acknowledge that the situation continues to be difficult. We expect to continue to be and to operate with high levels of inventory through the – of backlog through the end of the year, but we are making good progress, Ananda.
Enrique Lores: So let me talk about the situation first on the hardware and then I will talk about supplies. On – from the hardware perspective, shipments this quarter have been impacted by availability of supply. As we shared both in our Investor Day and during our Q4 earnings call, we have a majority of the factories for printers and of our suppliers in Southeast Asia, and those countries were in full lockdown the majority of the fall until December. And therefore, we are seeing now the impact of that situation. Additionally, in Print, we used several components that are ASICs that have been designed by us, where also we are seeing shortages. So as a consequence of both, we clearly had our sales impacted this quarter, and we expect this to continue through the rest of the year. In the case of supplies, the situation has significantly improved. We don’t have any more limitations in terms of shipment. And the supplies business overall performed in a very positive way, similar to what we shared during our Investor Day, so no big deviation from the plan that we had.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So let me go, on the office side, again, no different from what we shared a few months ago. We expect that the volume of pages and the overall size for the market will be around 80%, 80, of what it was pre-COVID. We – and we are on our way to get there. Clearly, because of Omicron and the delays in some office reopening, we’re still not there, but we are seeing steady progress. In the case of home, the market is now stronger than what we were predicting before COVID, and we expect it to continue to be for the foreseeable future.
Enrique Lores: Sure. So let me take that one. As I said in the prepared remarks, in the case of Personal Systems of PCs, we saw a decline of backlog during the quarter. It was driven by two things: number one is the progress we made on the supply chain side, being able to address the demand that we had in categories like commercial or premium. It was also was driven down because we saw a slowdown in some other categories like, for example, low-end consumer where we have seen a reduction of demand. The combination of both drove a reduction of backlog, but we are still operating with significantly higher backlog than what we normally do. So backlog remains elevated and we expect it to continue to be elevated for – during the next quarters. In the case of Print, the situation is different. Backlog grew quarter-on-quarter because of the two factors I explained before, where the factories are located and also the availability of certain components like ASICs or other type of power chips that we are still experiencing shortages.
Enrique Lores: Yes. So on PC backlog, I will only be a little bit more specific. It is below one quarter, which is where we were, but continues to be very elevated. Maybe the other color I will provide is similar to what I shared a week last – a quarter ago, we are seeing it more concentrated now in some areas of the portfolio like commercial and premium home. This is where the backlog is elevated. And Marie will take the question on guide.
Enrique Lores: So, I think on the – in supplies, what the performance is for this quarter is in line to the guide that we provided at some in during the Investor Day, where decline that we said we expected supplies to decline low to mid-single digits. And when we look at the rest of the year, we expect that this will continue and be aligned to that projection, Amit. Again, as I said before, supplies performed as we were expecting. Very small deviations, slight reductions or usage in the office side as offices were closed were probably below expectations, but share and price compensated for that. So overall, in line to what we were expecting.
Enrique Lores: And I think it’s important to remember, Amit, that how strong last year was because we are saying we are going to be growing EPS and also profit after a very, very strong year. So that’s we always important to remember, given the compare that we had in 2021.
Enrique Lores: Well, in the – thank you. In the case of Print, really shipments this quarter are really totally determined by availability of supply. So, I really wouldn’t read anything on declines of volumes because this is really totally driven by how many printers we and the rest of the market has been able to produce because it’s not – has not been an HP situation, it has heavily been an industry situation. In the case of Personal Systems, our view and the rest of the industry is that the size of the market this year will be in the 340 million to 350 million units. This is what it was a few months ago and continues to be. We also said that we expect the demand to shift towards commercial. This is what we have seen this quarter. And actually, if you look at our numbers, we grow significantly in both Windows-based PCs and commercial PCs, in many cases, above 20%. So it’s happening what we told the market it was going to happen. And when we look now at the funnel not only in backlog but at the funnel of opportunities we have for the second half in – for the rest of the year in commercial continues to be very strong.
Enrique Lores: Yes. I think the evolution of pricing is really going to be determined by the difference between supply and demand. As I mentioned before, there are areas where the demand-supply, there is more balance between demand and supply like low-end consumer. And therefore, there, we expect to see more price competition. There are other areas like premium, like commercial, where really still demand is above supply, where we expect to continue to maintain the ability to price that we have had until now. And all these factors are built into the guide that we provided. I think it’s also important to highlight that within the Personal Systems side, we continue to see very high growth opportunities in the growth area that we have identified on both gaming, peripheral, workplace solutions are really growing in a very strong way, which also gives confidence in our ability to continue to grow in a sustainable way.
Enrique Lores: Well, I have to clarify because you mentioned $5 billion. Our goal and what we have said is that we will buy at least $4 billion of shares, and this continues to be our plan. So this is what I would build in your model. Yes, we bought more this quarter but our goal is to complete their value plan as we declared it three years ago and $4 billion is the minimum we need to do.
Enrique Lores: Let me take those questions. In the case of Print, I think we should differentiate hardware versus supply. In the case of hardware, the current shipments are so limited by supply that it had to read any implication on pricing because really what has been driving the number of units we have shipped is the number of units we have been able to produce. We are shipping everything we build. In the case of supplies where we also drive price increases, I think what is important to highlight is that for both ink and toner, despite the price increases, we were able to grow share, which I think is a very important metric that shows that the – from a volume perspective, we haven’t seen any negative impact on driven by the price increase.
Enrique Lores: And then your question on Chromebooks, let me – as I did a quarter ago, let me remind that Chromebook is a relatively small part of our business. We already said a quarter ago that the backlog for Chromebooks has been basically totally reduced. We are expecting demand for Chromebooks to start growing as we had seen in previous years, in the Q2, Q3 time frame. But at this point, we have enough availability of components on that side that we – and we don’t expect backlog to grow in that space.
Enrique Lores: Yes, sure. My comment on share increases was specifically on supply, which as we heard a couple of years ago, is a big part of our strategy on supply. And what we have been doing during the last two years is to execute on the toner side, on the commercial printers, the same strategy that we had implemented on home printers for ink for previous years. And this is a combination of marketing efforts, it’s a combination of technology that we built in the printer, it’s the combination of improving the quality of supplies. And as a result of all of that, we are driving – we have been able to reverse a trend that we had in the past of losing share in toner. And as we have been sharing during the last quarters now, we are growing share of toner again. So that’s the – this is what I meant. In the case of hardware, there were also some improvements from a share perspective. But again, this is just driven by availability of supply. When we have supply, there is demand, and we’re able to ship more.
Enrique Lores: And I think this was our last question, so let me say thank you all for joining the call. As I said at the beginning of the call, we are really pleased with our start of the year. Clearly, the strategy that we have to modernize our core, expand into adjacencies and creating new businesses is growing, and this is reflected in the results that we posted today. And this, of course, gives us great confidence in our ability to grow revenue, operating profit, EPS and free cash flow in a sustained way. And today, before we leave, I want to invite all of you to join me in wishing Marie a very happy birthday because I am sure there is nothing better to do in her birthday than spending it with us in an earnings call. Marie, happy birthday.
