Deb Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Steph. I appreciate the question. Now absolutely, as we said, we have orders on hand to meet the top end of our guidance range for revenue, but we're feeling the cost pressures that the rest of the industry is feeling. And we are also feeling the supply chain pressures that the rest of the world is facing right now. It's funny, I went to buy something at the grocery store the other day and the shelf was empty. And I'm like, okay, I'm not going to fell for another brand. I'll just go with that for now. But the important thing is we've got everything in place, so there will be Hasbro toys and games on the shelves this holiday season. The team has put a lot of process in place, some of which includes air freight. Our air freight expense was much higher in the third quarter than it typically is, and we do expect it to be higher in the fourth quarter. We don't intend to take additional price increases this year. So what we have built in is what is there to cover our costs. So overall, we still are in firm belief that we can hit our guidance of double-digit revenue growth at 13% to 16%. We have orders for the high end, but some things will be beyond our control. And we believe that we can achieve operating profit levels in line with last year for the full year as well.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we talked a lot about the product that we have to deliver and as a matter of fact, the $100 million that shifted from Q3 into Q4, we talked about most of that's already been delivered. And in fact, if you look at just our inventory, never mind retail inventory, 40% of our inventory balance at the end of the quarter was in transit. So, that's here now, and we can ship that. So, we're very excited about the opportunity. We have plenty of things on the water. We are going to continue to use air freight for the quarter, and the team has done a terrific job, actually making sure that we will have full shelves of products, Hasbro toys and games for the holiday season. That being said, some of that costs a bit more and we've also talked a bit about advertising. It's very important that the consumer comes and takes away that product. So, in an effort to make sure that the POS is there that we're reaching the consumer will have higher advertising expense in the quarter as well. So, some of the puts and takes, some of the costs are going to be a bit higher which is why we said we believe our overall gross margin will be more in line with 2019 -- pro forma 2019 than 2020 because of the excellent deliveries that we expect on the Entertainment side, the good mix from our Wizards of the Coast business, but also our consumer products business, which does have some pressures on the cost side as well. So all of those things brought together, which is the beauty of our portfolio and our advanced business strategy. We have three businesses that work together that are going to allow us to achieve that revenue growth and operating profit margins that are in line with a year ago at about 15%. That being said, we also believe in our medium-term guidance that there is no inherent reason why we can't have operating profit margins over 16%. And we're well on our way to managing that. We're just dealing with some short-term issues that the rest of the world are dealing with as well.
Deb Thomas: So overall, our direct import business, we do expect it will be around similar levels to a year ago. I will say with the supply chain issues that the world is facing, our customers aren't immune to that as well. And we've been working very closely with them to ensure they have the product they need on shelves at the right time. As a matter of fact, partnering with them, if we can get containers and they can't, for example. So overall, I think our direct import business may be down a tick from a year ago, but overall in line, not significantly different.
Deb Thomas: Thanks, Jaime. Yes. So we're really proud that we're an investment-grade company, and we've maintained our investment-grade status even after the acquisition of eOne. It's been very important to us, and we've worked very closely with the rating agencies to make sure they know our plans and how we're stepping along the way. Our capital allocation priorities really are the same. First and foremost, we invest in our own business. You see that in the growth, in Entertainment this quarter. You see it in the growth in Wizards. You see it behind all the wonderful innovation in our consumer products business. So we do believe in investing in ourselves first. Beyond that, we are committed to getting back to the 2 to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. Right now, that is the right place for us. We believe that lets us keep investing for the future and continuing the growth trajectory that Hasbro has been on. And then thirdly, we will return excess cash to our shareholders. We have had maintained our dividend even after the acquisition of eOne. We maintained our dividend throughout the pandemic. That's important to us and to our Board as well. So we continue to have our capital allocation strategy to be consistent with the way it's been in the past. And we are proud to be an investment-grade company.
Deb Thomas: Good morning Fred. You're right, everyone -- the whole world, I think, is seeing input costs going up right now. Trends have been good lately. We've seen them coming down a bit in the last short period. However, the beauty of our Consumer Products product line is -- a lot of that product line is new every single year. So, we can engineer our product to hit certain price points. That being said, we do believe that there's going to be that the cost inflation we've seen is going to continue for a period of time. Looking at inflation, we're dealing in inflationary markets in most places. And again, I'll go back to what I could find on the shelves at the grocery store was more expensive, right? So, it's a matter of, I think, the -- all industries are facing a bit of this right now. But we do have the opportunity to reinvent our product line -- the majority of our product line every year, and therefore, we can just take cost out of it as we do that. We've been working very closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure they've got the right components to make the product and we'll have it. That's what's most important. And then we'll ensure that it's made the right way and priced appropriately for the market as well.
Deb Thomas: So for the fourth quarter, we continue to see escalating costs from when we put our price increases in place. So you just think about the cost of air freight, and the cost of freight -- everyone has talked about supply chain and the cost of shipping, right, and ocean channels, and what's in place for acquiring additional transport cost to get holiday, which we will have. But that does put just some near-term pressure on some of the margins. Our -- the full impact of our price increases will take effect in the fourth quarter. And overall, we still believe our total gross margin, which includes our program amortization, which is representative of our deliveries as well on the Entertainment side, as well as our Wizards of the Coast business, which we've seen the digital side of that business grow. That's why our diversified business model really lets us say, we think our gross margins will be in line with 2019. But more 2019 than 2020.
Deb Thomas: Well, thank you, Gerrick, and thank you for your sentiments. We appreciate everyone's but you may have been Brian's favorites sparing partner as well. So we all really appreciate your comments very much, all of you. So thank you, and thank you for all the nice notes that you sent that meant the world to us and to everyone here. The Peppa Pig -- and we're so excited about Peppa Pig and PK Masks. We started shipping products for our line for Peppa and PJ in the third quarter. Some of this supply challenges we had did impact those lines. But they are here now, and on the way. From the quarter standpoint, we just started shipping in the third quarter, so we expect to see a bigger impact in the fourth quarter. As we've said, we think that the total impact for the year would be $75 million to $85 million, I think we said, and we're on track for that for the impact for the full year. And Peppa and PJ together have operating profit margins very similar to our franchise brands. So you think high teens, low 20s operating profit margins. So we're really excited about the brands, the lines. We fully integrated our consumer products business now. We'll continue to have external licensing partners through next year, and beyond that as well. Because there are some lines that we won't take on ourselves that we have great licensees that are doing that. So we've successfully integrated most of that business. We'll continue seeing more of the business integrated in 2022, and we're really excited that Peppa and PJ are part of the Hasbro family.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I agree you, Rich. I think you hit it on the head. The retailer actually sets the price to the consumer, we don't. So we won't be taking further price increases in 2021. That would be very disruptive to our retail partners as well as if you think about the cost of running a company to implement something like that at this point is very difficult, right? So we want our retailers to have predictability for their season as well. However, they set the ultimate price to the consumer, and there'll be plenty of Hasbro toys and games for the consumer to buy this holiday season.
Chris Cocks: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Hi, Eric. Yes, the Magic business had a very strong and has overall, had a very strong 2021. By the end of Q3, in fact, Magic is already bigger this year than it was in all of 2020, which was a record year for us. Arena is a major contributor to that. Mobile has been a terrific source of new users for the brand, and we see a very healthy crossover between users who come on board digitally, who migrate to tabletop, and likewise, tabletop players who want to play a more magic in play, both on mobile and PC. And so I think the combination of those factors plus the segmentation we've been driving in our business has done an excellent job in terms of growing our overall user base, enhancing our engagement with fans, and driving our average revenue per user.
Chris Cocks: Great. Yes, sure. Yes, we were very impressed with our Hobby channel partners and how they rallied with the realities of the pandemic prior to April of 2020, only about 35% of our Hobby stores offered any kind of online solution or curbside solution. And over the last 18 months, we now have over 80% of them offering their wares online and as a curb side solution. And so our overall mix of business has actually stayed remarkably similar during the overall pandemic. Hobby has grown. Our online and e-commerce partners have grown, and our mass partners have also grown. And I think it's a testament to kind of like the strong foundation that is underlying both the MAGIC business as well as the D&D business and our ability to partner with all those partners across different channel mixes.
Chris Cocks: Sure thing. So, in 2021, we expanded our number of major set releases from six in 2020 to seven in 2021. Our next big release will be in Q4, which is called Innistrad: Crimson Vow, a vampire theme set. That's part of the twofer that we released the first part in the Innistrad: Midnight Hunt in Q3. And we expect continued growth in Q4, but as Deb mentioned in the upfront remarks, we think that will be moderated just based on set timing releases and composition. For 2022, we also expect to have seven major releases comping 2021. Those set releases will vary slightly in timing and composition. But based on the early fan reactions that we've received in Q3, we feel very good about the quality of those sets and how our fans are responding to them. And they include everything from returning to old classics like Commagawua and Dominaria and the Brothers War to exploring new themes, like a gangster theme set for the spring called the Streets of New Capana and then continuing to expand the number of formats and segments of consumers we're going after, including an expansion of our Universes Beyond initiative, which is taking outside IP for MAGIC and bringing it into the MAGIC play system like we did in Q3 with the D&D and MAGIC with Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, which set a record for us in terms of our summer releases. It was the biggest summer set release we've ever had. So, we feel good about the balance of the year, and we feel very good about the initial reactions to our 2022 set release schedule.
