Brian Goldner: Overall, Sean, we shipped a limited amount of TRANSFORMERS for the movie in the first quarter, and we began some shipments for Thor. Captain America and TRANSFORMERS will really ship in earnest in the second quarter. And in the first quarter, we did have good-size shipments of BEYBLADE, although we were and continue to run short of global demand. So we'll continue to catch up through second quarter. So said differently, if you look at second quarter, you're really looking at a number of Boys initiatives all shipping TRANSFORMERS in time for the May shelf date for the movie. BEYBLADE, Thor and Captain America, all in Q2.
Brian Goldner: Yes, that's right. If you look at the ranking of contribution in the Boys category, BEYBLADE would be the top, followed by TRANSFORMERS.
Brian Goldner: We continue to make good progress on the ratings over the period since launch. We continue to see that Hasbro shows are driving a lot of those ratings. You will see -- not to take anything from Margaret, but you will see a richer mix of Hasbro-related shows coming on to the channel as part of a summer lineup that she is going to be moving toward. And we continue to make progress with advertisers. We had a great upfront, and advertisers are very enthusiastic. We have more advertisers again in these next quarters than we've had since the beginning of The Hub's launch. And so again, we are on our long-term plan for The Hub.
Brian Goldner: Sure, Michael. The movie is really tremendous. I look forward to everybody getting to see it. And of course, this time around, it is in 3D, so it will play in both 2D and 3D. The acceptance has been as well very, very strong globally. It is a brand that has tended to be very split between international and domestic market. It's certainly a brand that has a long history and heritage in markets like China. We have a very strong product lineup. Additionally, we have a very strong product lineup, and the launch of Thor is already underway. We're starting to see some great uptake off the shelf for Thor, and Captain America begins shipping very shortly here for a later date of a July window and release. And then of course, BEYBLADE's continuing globally. We're in 40-plus markets around the world. So if you look at our Boys business overall, very strong, and certainly, TRANSFORMERS, I'm not going to give you a specific guidance, but certainly, TRANSFORMERS is a very robust line and is widely accepted and very enthusiastically being accepted around the world.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think there's a couple of trends out there that I'll talk about, and I know David will talk as well about it. In the holiday period, when you didn't get the merchandising that we described to you guys, there's a carryover effect early on. So therefore, you don't have the merchandising out in the beginning of the year. Having said that, we've begun some of the marketing around some of our Games brands, and we are seeing some good growth on the brands we've begun to market in the first quarter. And overall, Games inventory has come down, so we, again, feel good about our efforts and sell-through in brands like BOP IT and CUPONK and SCRABBLE and some kids games, as well as Magic: The Gathering, have all grown in the quarter. So it's really early days. We had always said to you guys that we were focusing on major innovation, major changes in marketing and merchandising in the third and fourth quarter. And we know that the Games business is highly seasonal, so we are on track for our plans for reinvention and re-imagination of that segment and feel very good about our plans there. David, I know you want to talk about markets.
Brian Goldner: So let me start again, and then David will pick up on it. One of the things that's been very heartening is the progress we've made in international markets. So that alone can drive a good proportion of increased inventories as we gear up for major initiatives that are no longer, as we had been several years ago, more domestic initiatives with a few countries going after them to be more global initiatives. So there's a good proportion of that inventory that is identified for and going to our international markets, including new emerging market businesses that we now own and operate, and we're going after that. We feel very comfortable about the quality of the inventory because, as you've indicated, we have a number of initiatives in the second quarter, not just the Boys -- in the Boys category, but to continue to fuel the growth of brands like our second half LITTLEST PET SHOP efforts, as well as FURREAL FRIENDS, as well as some new games initiatives and, of course, KRE-O that begins late summer, all products that we'll be shipping in the second quarter. So David, if you want to comment further.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We have a number of new initiatives in the business. I think it was a bit of an inflection point in the business in the first quarter, but a number of new initiatives for -- but second half of the year, we feel very good about. The innovation in that business has continued. As you indicated, we have grown our Preschool business, and we'll continue to intend to grow the Preschool business. This year, Sesame Street does begin. Second half of the year, we begin shipping that as well, and a number of brands within Preschool that have worked exceptionally well globally, including PLAY-DOH and our PLAYSKOOL brand. So as we look at the full year, we feel very good about our progress and new initiatives that we have.
Brian Goldner: In 2012, what we would currently confirm for you is our Star Wars: Episode I in 3D, The Avengers from Marvel and the Walt Disney Company, BATTLESHIP is coming in May, we have Spider-Man coming as well, and G.I. Joe 2 on the slate, as well as OUIJA. Those are the movies that we have slated for 2012. Beyond 2012, a number of initiatives that are out there, we're certainly excited. I know Marvel has announced Iron Man 3 for '13 already, in May, and we have a number of brands in development for 2013 and beyond.
Brian Goldner: I don't want to -- I'm enthusiastic, but I don't want to guide you. I will tell you I am very enthusiastic about the brand. I am very enthusiastic about our plans. The innovation in the product line is clear and apparent. And we are going on all cylinders with our retailers globally as well as with a number of licensed partners around the world to make great retail statements. And we certainly believe this movie will resonate with a full -- the full array of audience that you would expect for a big TRANSFORMERS movie. It's a really fun movie and filled with great characters and, certainly, great TRANSFORMERS. So I think that's about as far as I would go. But suffice it to say, it's a very exciting year for TRANSFORMERS.
Brian Goldner: Yes, Margaret, just to add to that, if you look, one of the major contributors in the first quarter in terms of growth year-on-year has been FURREAL FRIENDS. We just recently launched the new MY LITTLE PONY line that's associated with the new animation. That line is also now available in Canada as we've put MY LITTLE PONY on the air on Treehouse, a network up in Canada, and we're already starting to see some positive indication there. LITTLEST PET SHOP has a whole new line, as you saw in February, that's launching in the next couple of months. So our Girls business over several quarters, if you take that perspective, is on track for our plan. And again, as David indicated, I don't think the early months are indicative of where we see that business going longer-term.
Brian Goldner: I'd have to check the date, Gerrick. I don't recall right away, but we can certainly check, and we'll get back to you.
Brian Goldner: No. That's why I just wanted to ask some follow-up. No, we don't -- I mean, we don't really have any specific distribution agreement that goes the other direction. I thought you were talking about the Japanese agreement with TOMY for our products and with Tomy Takara in Japan.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we have specific contracts on products like that, that are related to each and every one of those different -- each and every one of those different initiatives.
Brian Goldner: That's right. I mean, in many cases, you have other people, other great partners involved, like Nelvana in the case of BEYBLADE. There are other people involved in those confederacies of groups of companies in other brand initiatives. So it's not typically -- it's not an overarching deal, it's by property.
Brian Goldner: So we have five -- there are five seasons of shows that are returning: Transformers: Prime, MY LITTLE PONY Friendship is Magic, THE ADVENTURES OF CHUCK AND FRIENDS, Family Game Night and POUND PUPPIES. The only one we've hit the pause button on, just for the short term, is G.I. Joe, and that relates directly to having the G.I. Joe 2 movie come out next year, and we want to do follow-up animation based on the movie. So that's just a decision we took to accentuate our plan for next year. And then we have several new series, including a miniseries on CLUE, a series called Blythe Loves LITTLEST PET SHOP, THE GAME OF LIFE, Kaijudo: The Rise of Duel Masters, TRANSFORMERS Rescue Bots, which is oriented toward a slightly younger audience, and Scrabble Showdown. So that's our lineup of shows for The Hub for this year.
Brian Goldner: NERF's fairly – it’s maybe down a bit, but basically, as you would say, sideways in the quarter in that we're gearing up for a big launch in Q3 around VORTEX. And I know you don't have yet a lot of visibility there, but it's a major launch for us, as well as a lot of new -- other new NERF products that come in the second half. Having said that, the BARRICADE, which was our automatic firing blaster, has done exceedingly well globally, and we have a lot of products along those lines that have done well around the world. In more and more countries, we're seeing great progress with NERF. It's part of the growth of our International market.
Brian Goldner: No. We have -- Super Soaker is broken out. And in fact, you're right, it's up significantly year-over-year. It does carry the NERF umbrella name, as well it now has a lot of the design elements as well as the innovation that we've been putting in the NERF business. The team has been working on the Super Soaker business. And it gives us a great seasonal play, but that's separate than NERF and again, as we said, year-over-year, significant gains.
Brian Goldner: We're really not seeing big shift in the category in the first quarter. Obviously, we're re-staging that business and reinventing that business as we speak. There are some bright spots within the first quarter but not going to go through lists. Having said that, again, we really feel very strongly that our brands are resonating. If you look at our digital Games business, it's actually up pretty significantly in the quarter. So brands like MONOPOLY being played digitally and Scrabble being played digitally, we have a number of off-the-board games that have continued to perform well. And the board game business, we'll launch a number of new initiatives in the fall, including the LIVE platform. So it's not a single quarter solution, but a long-term plan to reinvent and reimagine that brand.
Brian Goldner: Well, we would only have one or two brands where we had had product out in early stage at the time that the shows went on the air. In fact, MY LITTLE PONY was the only one that was out for any period of time and only briefly. What we're really seeing is MY LITTLE PONY show in Canada where it's been on the air and the product was out in time for the show, we are seeing acceleration of our business. But again, it's still early days. In the case of TRANSFORMERS and several other brands, we really did not have product out. We've let the brand launch as entertainment, and we'll follow with products in the subsequent quarters.
Brian Goldner: But again, we had said we intend to maintain our high-50s gross margin for the year, and we've priced accordingly.
Brian Goldner: Just to clarify, we have two great movies from Marvel this year, and then we have Spider-Man next year along with the Avengers. So there's two great Marvel movies this year in Thor and in Captain America, not three. But...
Brian Goldner: Yes. So BEYBLADE, it's really is -- the rate of sale is very, very strong. And obviously, we are trying to catch up. We have more markets now as owned and operated markets than we had back the last time. So we have a great opportunity to take advantage of that success of and the re-invention of BEYBLADE. I can't comment specifically on the number, but suffice it to say, it's activated around the world. We don't have the rights in certain Asian markets, but we have the rights everywhere else around the world. And as we look at Star Wars for next year, I don't know whether it will -- the shipments at this point will fall in late '11, some of the shipments, or come into 2012, but certainly gearing up for a first quarter 2012 launch of Star Wars product related to the motion picture. So I think it's a little early to guide as to whether those shipments fall in '11 or '12.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think what you'd start to see it as we start to ship more product related to the brands, to the animation that's on the air and the programming that's on the air would happen in the third and fourth quarter. Not only domestically on The Hub but around the world. We have 20-plus markets around the world that will have Hasbro programming on the air. We are already starting to see where we had programming and product launch early and simultaneously in Canada. We're already starting to see some indication of great progress on MY LITTLE PONY. And as we've talked about before, I think if you take the advertising line and royalty line, together, that's a pretty good guidepost for us. Years where we have our royalty line go up a bit, we tend to have the advertising line go a little bit lower and more towards the lower end of our historical range. And I think that, that's fairly consistent with what we're doing here in 2011.
Brian Goldner: Yes. It's really just about timing. We have a lot of -- we have some lower-priced products that had shipped for the spring this year, products like the BARRICADE in springtime and going to more markets. And we're gearing up for some major launches around the NERF brand core, as well as VORTEX as part of the NERF brand that will happen in the second half of the year. So I think in the brand, it's just timing, and it is really a brand that has done particularly well, not only in the U.S. but around the world this has grown. So no concerns there. Actually very confident about the NERF brand go forward.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think I may have mentioned it, maybe I said it quickly. So yes, in '12 it’s Star Wars: Episode I, The Avengers, BATTLESHIP, Spider-Man, G.I. Joe 2 and OUIJA. Those are the ones that are scheduled for release in 2012.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think if you follow up on what David's saying, if you look at the first quarter 2009, our inventory was about $300 million, and we didn't have the same number of international markets activated, nor did we have as much International momentum. And we didn't have quite as many new initiatives planned for second and third quarter as we did in '09 as we do in 2011. So I think those are good guideposts.
David Hargreaves: Yes. So I think our investment in emerging markets will be ongoing, but it won't necessarily be the same market, as Brian said. Right now, it's Colombia that we're opening and it's new, and we incurred some expenses ahead of the sales. A couple of years ago, we were investing in Brazil, and we built infrastructure and overhead there before we really got the sales. And next year or the year after, it's very highly likely that it will be some other market that we're entering in. I think, also, in the major markets such as Brazil and China, that we will continue to probably overspend compared to more mature markets on advertising as we start to build the brands in those markets that have the potential to be several hundred million in a few years out. So we’re committed to growth in the emerging markets, and I think you're going to continue to see investment spending against that.
David Hargreaves: One of the things is we have said and we're still on track to some of the markets today, the major markets, which are dilutive and not at breakeven, we've said that they would be breakeven or better by 2013. But that's not the case for all of the markets. I mean, some of them, like Eastern Europe, are already making pretty good returns today.
David Hargreaves: I think so. So I mean, clearly, the first quarter, when you put in investment spending, you increase your fixed costs. Obviously, that happens on a fairly linear basis, so 25% a quarter. But our sales, we might have 15% in the first quarter and 33%, 35% in the fourth quarter. So the impact of this incremental overhead that you're putting on in emerging markets in SAP and other areas, is much more noticeable in the first than it is in, obviously, the second, third or fourth.
David Hargreaves: I mean, I think when we came out of the fourth quarter where Games wasn't as robust, there's a bit of a concern that as you come into the next year, would retailers still value Games as a category as much as they had in the past and pursue it as aggressively? Certainly, as we've gone into this year and we start to sit with major retailers and work out our plans for the year and promotions for the year, this year, they are as enthusiastic about the Games category as they ever had been. I think we did talk about some changes in strategy at the Wal-Mart stores last year, which -- a couple of big promotional programs such as the game Highlander, which they didn't do last year. I think, clearly, there's been a lot of talk about going back to Mr. Sam's principles at Wal-Mart and going back to where they had been previous years. So I think we're going to see some of those promotional programs come back this year, which should clearly be beneficial.
David Hargreaves: Yes. Well, as everyone is aware, there's clearly a combination of inventories. There's new stuff coming in and supporting the second quarter and then some carryover from the year-end. As Deb said in the script, we've worked down certainly some of the carryover from year-end, but not all of it. Games, for example, I think you know, basically 45% of all board games sell in the last at retail the last six weeks of the year, so it's very skewed towards the end. And it will take a little while to work through all of the games. But to the extent that the inventory carryover inventory is things like PLAY-DOH or Games or some LITTLEST PET SHOP, those items are always going to sell. PLAY-DOH will sell. If we're a bit heavy on PLAY-DOH at the moment, there's no risk or exposure that we're going to have to write it off or throw it away. PLAY-DOH will sell, as will our board games that have been in our line for 30, 40 years. So would we like to work the carryover down a bit quicker? Maybe, but are we worried about the quality of the inventory or that it's going to have some negative impact? The answer is no.
David Hargreaves: Yes, I mean, I'm sort of surprised by the question but it is not something that I've heard anything. We took our price increases as planned, both in the U.S. and around the world. We generally took a little bit less than some of our competitors, I believe, and we haven't had pushback from the retailers. I think they understand that commodity costs are going up, and though they buy from a lot of other people, they do a lot of own label and toys, they do other categories, they understand that, and I think they accepted that prices need to go up a bit to cover these costs.
David Hargreaves: So I don't think we're going to get into a deep analysis about exactly what was left in inventory. Again, we've reiterated, that a lot of it is to support growth in the business. A lot of it's in the newer markets that we're in, where you have to have some local language inventory. Some of it's due to the fact that we're trying to level load our vendors and ensure that we've got labor. So I don't want to over dwell on inventory. I think it will improve as the year goes on, but I'm not going to give a precise number for where we think it's going to be at the second quarter. In terms of our POS, it's down a bit during the first quarter. Clearly, part of that is due to the fact that Easter did come -- comes later this year, so you would have had more both shipping in and POS performance related to an earlier Easter in the first quarter last year. But to say exactly whether that's $5 million, $10 million, $6 million, $20 million, I don't think we really can be that smart.
David Hargreaves: So in terms of retail inventories, obviously, we don't get as good information around the world as we do in the U.S., particularly from our top four retailers. From our top four retailers in the U.S., in terms of the current line, it's certainly down a little bit versus a year ago, which is good news. I think when you talk about the Girls business, I mean I think this first quarter, there was a retailer inventory issue not just with Hasbro but across the board. And I think there's very few analysts or observers of the toy industry who didn't expect that the first quarter of 2011 was going to be a fairly tough year for manufacturers to get growth, given the retailer hangover. And I think that's being reflected in all categories, with the exception of Boys, where we did have BEYBLADE, and we did have some TRANSFORMERS, and we did have some early shipments of Thor, which were sort of able to break through that. But as you look at the other categories, I don't think it's a problem with any of our lines. I think it's just part of the state of the industry.
David Hargreaves: I think as we just said, we clearly recognized at year end, coming into this year, retailers were over inventoried. They had a mid-single digit increase in their inventory of Hasbro products. Now coming out of the first quarter, we are saying that they're back in line with prior years.
David Hargreaves: I think I heard a little bit of that earlier. I mean, clearly, the first quarter, I think they've been cautious. They've been trying to work down the inventory. As you look out to the balance of the year, I don't think they're going to be unduly cautious. I think each retailer, the toy department, they want to be a growth department, they want to do well. There's a huge amount of -- this should be a good year for the toy industry. There's a lot of entertainment out there. There's a lot of product. So I think retailers and, in particular, the buyers and the people in the toy department are looking for toys to be -- toys and games to be a strong category and help drive their growth.
David Hargreaves: Well, one of the main points is that the way we buy is that once our vendor gives us a price, it's basically good for a year. So to a large extent, we are insulated from short-term commodity movements. Now not so much on our shipping, but certainly in our product purchases.
David Hargreaves: Well certainly, I don't think we gave the number of $65 million as a carryover. I don't think we've ever been that specific in terms of numbers. But clearly, it is our objective to get down to a normalized level by year end, and I don't see there’s any reason why we couldn't. I think somewhere maybe a little bit above where it was at the end of '09, recognizing that we've got a growing business and that we're in more markets than we ever used to be. So I think if we ended the year north of $300 million but not a lot far -- not a lot above, that would be a pretty good position to be in.
Deborah Thomas: Hi, Michael, I think that we are actually on track. And you're right, it is a volatile line on a quarterly basis. It depends on the programming that's delivered. But we're certainly on track for our expectations. And so we think the levels that we gave you in February are consistent with our guidance.
Deborah Thomas: Yes. I think we've stated that our television initiatives continue to perform in line with our expectations.
Deborah Thomas: We're actually -- in order to maintain the factories that we have and the labor rates that the factories provide, we are helping work with them and taking the inventory a little bit earlier on our book. So as David mentioned, where we might see more domestic inventory are in some of our international locations, they’re taking the inventory a bit earlier. And we kind of talked about this all throughout last year at each quarter, that we were having higher inventory levels because of this. We found that, really, to ensure supply and the quality of supply, we're working with our vendors in taking that inventory in a little bit earlier. So that's why you're seeing it on our book.
Deborah Thomas: I think, Per, what you're really seeing is, again -- and we talked about from a percentage standpoint, what we're really seeing is the impact of a lower revenue base in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. But from a dollar standpoint, it's really just a bunch of small things. We talked about our investment in installing our new SAP and shared service in Europe, which will lead to long-term efficiencies. And that's probably a couple of million dollars there. There's a few million dollars that we invested in Asia and in growing heads in Asia, and Latin America and our studio. So it's a few -- it's really just a few small things. The other thing about the fourth quarter as well is that typically, that line has a lot of incentive pay in it, and that was down in the fourth quarter as our revenues were down on the full year. So you're probably seeing a little bit of a lower amount in the fourth quarter from a pure dollar standpoint because of that.
Deborah Thomas: I don't actually have that in front of me, but I will say that we're in a high collection period in the U.S. right now, so it's probably a bit less than it typically is.
Deborah Thomas: Tim, our outstanding shares at the end of the quarter were 136,804,470. I was prepared for you to ask that question. And certainly, we've continued to say that to the extent we have excess cash here in the U.S., it remains our plan to return it to our shareholders, either through dividends, which our board just increased the dividend, and that's going forward for first payment in the second quarter, when the normal payment schedule is. And beyond that, we'd continue to return it to our shareholders through share buyback.
