Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. So with regards to market sizing, which is a part of your question, as Chris mentioned, there's a lot of different dynamics at play and different ways to look at it. In the collectibles business, we anticipate that through our research to be about $4 billion to $5 billion in overall market size. So it is a very sizable market. Our momentum continues. We don't break out our share publicly, but we can say that with our Hasbro Pulse platform as an example, we were up 69% in the first half of the year. So we have good, strong momentum that we expect to continue throughout. And we also had some great launches. This week, you'll see at San Diego Comic-Con some really incredible new innovations from the team. One piece of that, which we're really excited about, we talked about it last week is called Hasbro Selfie series, which allows you to basically put yourself on your shelf and turn yourself into an action figure. So we expect that to be a very strong new innovation for Hasbro as we launch this week.
Eric Nyman: No, you hit most of them, Chris. I think just to finish that, Megan, we really do feel like after some headwinds in the first half, we have a strong second half plan. We're proud of our teams and their innovation. Even in addition to all the great innovations Chris mentioned, we also have some big programs in retail in August behind Star Wars and the Obi-Wan product line, which is sitting behind their extremely popular Disney+ series. And across the board, the strength continues across the Marvel portfolio. So we really do feel like we're poised to have some positive POS versus where we've been. And I think the innovation you're going to continue to see from Hasbro is very, very strong.
Eric Nyman: I think with regards to retail, Deb already mentioned some of the dynamics. I think we're feeling actually pretty comfortable from a supply chain standpoint, which is the one thing Chris didn't touch on in the last narrative that conditions are improving. And while things are more expensive and transit times do take a little bit longer than they have in the past. Our teams are managing through those challenges. Retailers are managing through those challenges. And I think you'll see, as Deb mentioned, as we get into the Q3 and Q4, a stronger environment where our position amongst retailer promotions and their advertising is favorable. And we're certainly optimistic about that.
Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. So a couple of things to hit with regards to your question, Linda. The first was with regards to input costs. We do see those rising, and both Deb and Chris talked about them in our prepared remarks a bit. We have taken pricing to cover that, and we feel comfortable that we continue to make the right decisions with regards to pricing to cover those input cost increases. And we're working with our partners as we look go forward to continue to manage and mitigate some of those headwinds. With regards to transit, which is kind of the other big piece that we've talked about in the past, we are seeing some of the transit times and transit costs easing a bit. And we expect that trend to continue as well as we go into the fall. So I think some puts and takes across the board there, but we feel like we have our hands wrapped around it, and the teams are managing it well.
Eric Nyman: Sure. I'll just continue on that one. Clearly, Toys "R" Us is making another comeback. And we're always excited when we see toy space and toy merchandising increase in retail footprints around the world. We're certainly encouraged by what we're seeing as Toys "R" Us partners up with Macy's. And we saw the announcements, obviously, that you did. And we clearly have been in conversations with them for quite some time that they're going to expand that footprint for this Q3 and Q4. They're good partners of ours. And -- but when I say they, I'll talk about Macy's because it's really a footprint store within a store concept, and we'll continue to supply them as needed. I don't expect it to be significantly material for this year. But we are excited that we're continuing to see the toy footprint expanding. And we think that any time you have the chance to put more toys and games in the hands of consumers around the world at holiday, it's a good thing.
Chris Cocks: Great. Thanks for the questions. Yes, I mean, Wizards of the Coast is an important and vital business for us. It's been a major growth driver for the Company. And we've had a great first half of the year for the Wizards business overall. For the first half of the year, we see it up 5%, and we're continuing to project at the high end of our range of upper single digits to lower double digits growth for the entire year. In terms of the composition of that business, Wizards tends to be very MAGIC-heavy. MAGIC is probably about 70% to 80% of that business overall. And we tend to be -- between the D&D brand and the MAGIC brand, it tends to be very North American-centric. About 75% of our overall sales take place in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. So we see a lot of growth vectors for both of those opportunities. We see -- Europe has been one of our key growth drivers for the MAGIC brand. We just started localizing D&D product internationally just this past year. We see a huge opportunity for products like D&D Beyond to go beyond North America. Over 85% of the registered users for D&D Beyond, for instance, right now are based in the U.S. or Canada. We see a big growth opportunity there. And when we look moving forward, we continue to see the tabletop industry as being very vital and robust. I think you can see that in the 15% growth that we saw in our tabletop revenues in Q2. And we see a big opportunity to open up these brands over time as we really start to leverage our Brand Blueprint assets. If you just look at what we're going to do with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS in 2023, we have an only blockbuster movie that will be coming out in March of next year. We're going to be previewing that in Comic-Con later this week in a sold out Hall H preview. We'll even have like a little bit of an interactive tavern that people can go to and experience the world of D&D firsthand. And then we're going to be complementing that blockbuster entertainment with follow-on streaming entertainment, a huge consumer products push, all-new tabletop games and some really cool new video game innovation that will be coming out shortly following the film. So I think the Wizards business and the future for that business continues to be bright. And I see both MAGIC and D&D growing and maybe even D&D picking up some share inside of the overall Wizards business in terms of its future and its potential.
Chris Cocks: I think the biggest difference between Q2 this year and Q2 last year, Arpine, was we leaned into two rather large digital launches with Magic: The Gathering Arena mobile, which was in April. And then we started doing all the presale and advertising for the launch of Dungeons & Dragons Dark Alliance, which came out in late June. So year-over-year, we didn't comp those, and that's what drove kind of the favorability on A&P.
Chris Cocks: Got you. Yes. So for Q3, I think you're reading our guidance correctly, Michael. I think a couple of things are going on. First off, it's just kind of more release timing associated with what we're releasing across our Film & TV teams and our Family Brand teams and Entertainment. I think it has to do -- like we actually feel the underlying growth in Wizards is very strong. Our tabletop revenues were up 15% in Q2. So we see good momentum in that business. But based on the quirks of when we're going to release different sets, we feel like Q3 is going to be a little bit of a breather for that business. And we'll start seeing growth again in Q4, particularly as we lead into our 30th anniversary for the -- for MAGIC going into 2023. And then our overall CP business, like you said, we had a little bit of a shift of some of our direct imports from Q3 into Q2. I think that really reflects strong retailer enthusiasm for our back half of the year innovation. It's going to allow our teams to be able to really lean into advertising and promotions and really be able to solve some of the issues that we've had for the last couple of years on out of stocks because we feel like that inventory is very high quality and has a lot of upside potential for us in terms of POS. I'll turn over the balance of the question over to Deb.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And so from your second part of your question was margins on the Wizards business. For Q2, a great deal of that upside was the lack of amortization or realized kind of amortization for our digital launches, particularly Dark Alliance and Arena mobile and a much lower A&P spend associated with the business because we tend to heavy up and front load the marketing spends for those kinds of releases. For the back half of the year, I think what you see is we continue to invest heavily in building out the infrastructure for digital games, in particular, with the Wizards business. And we also have, as the economy starts to open up, we're starting to resume some of our more historical spending on organized play and helping to support that. So, those costs are starting to come back into the Wizards business and something that we're factoring in on our guidance.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Certainly, we came into the year feeling like there is a mix of headwinds and tailwinds for the consumer. We were very cognizant of the inflationary environment we were operating in, both from a consumer takeaway as well as its impact on our supply chain. I think net new headwinds that emerged through the year has been the Russia conflict and the effects of that and then the currency dynamics with the strengthening dollar, which particularly affects our CP segment in markets like EMEA and our Wizard segment with a very strong dollar versus the Japanese yen. So as we look at our segments moving forward, I think what we feel fortunate as, as a company is that we have very resilient segments across toys, games and entertainment. These tend to be small luxuries that consumers value pretty highly. Our CP segment in prior economic downturns has done relatively well. It has been affected, but not nearly as much as those economic downturns would affect the macro economy. The games business tends to be very resilient. MAGIC: THE GATHERING started -- MAGIC has grown 12 out of the last 13 years, and that growth vector started back in 2008 during the last financial crisis. And we continue to see that consumer being very resilient with a deep well of savings and a large amount of passion for pursuing what they love. And then in the Entertainment segment, we continue to see that to be rebounding from the pandemic. Our Film & TV business is up in the first half of the year. We continue to project our overall Entertainment segment ex the sale of our Music business up for the full year. So we feel pretty good about where our outlook is and maintaining our guidance from prior quarters.
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say at a top level, and then I'll turn it over to Deb and/or Cynthia if they'd like to chime in. We continue to invest behind the Wizards business and our games business as a whole. Digital will be an area of focus for us. I think we will at least maintain our production spending on digital. I think over the next couple of years, you'll see us announcing more products and introducing new innovation. I think games as a service is going to be a big area of focus inside of that digital business with what we call digital tabletop, what are we doing and where are we taking platforms like Magic: The Gathering Arena. I think we've already announced some platform expansion, but we see some upside potential in new gaming formats and new quadrants of players. I think D&D Beyond will be a major area of investment for us and development. We see a lot of upside in kind of content to commerce synergies with our Hasbro Pulse platform, international growth and really doing something special to make screens such -- in a more and more important part of even face-to-face kind of in-person play. And then we're also fascinated with what we can do with the balance of our gaming portfolio on some of the learnings that we've had with some of our "hard core tabletop games." I think there's some interesting opportunities for digitization of our overall board gaming assets that I know the team is investigating. And then beyond that, video games continues to be an area of focus for us. I think we'll have a couple of really interesting announces coming up within the next three to four quarters. We've got some just killer talent working on those games. And those games will span announcements that we have for established brands like DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and then some new innovation that we have being cooked up by people who are almost household names inside of the gaming industry, James Ohlen and the team at Archetype Studios being one of them that I'm particularly excited about. So I would say we're going to continue to lean in on investments in games. I think digital will be a particular focus of that investment, and you should expect us to at least maintain our current spending outlook, if not leaning in further as we see upside potential.
Deb Thomas: Right, Chris. Let me pick up on the amortization point. So if we think about program amortization, we said at the beginning of the year, we expected it to be in that 9% to 10% range. We still expect that. And I think in the quarter, we were just under 9%, the amortization as a percent of revenue. And if I look back on last year and just think about the phasing of our expected deliveries this year, as we mentioned, we had a much bigger Q3 from a delivery phasing last year than we expected this year. So my expectation is the rate would be slightly higher in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter. But we still expect to be within that range. And our expectation is probably more towards the lower end of that range based on all the things that we're delivering this year.
Deb Thomas: And just to add, looking at our financials overall, we do expect it to be dilutive for the full year. However, it will be accretive to next year.
Deb Thomas: Right. And we did talk a bit about entertainment as well, some of the deliveries that we have in Q4 versus Q3 a year ago. Interestingly, and we tried to highlight this in our release, when we release movies directly to streaming, revenue recognition just has us take it right at that point in time. And we have more releases that are actual theatrical coming in the third quarter, which will have that same revenue. It just gets spread out over the period with all of the ultimates and the library value that comes to that as well. So we're very excited about what's coming up in entertainment, but our delivery timing is a bit more Q4 from a revenue recognition standpoint and beyond than it was in Q3 a year ago. We also had the MY LITTLE PONY movie as well. So when you think about all those things, it really is just a timing issue. And the only thing I would add to what Chris said is as we look at our retailers and what they're expecting over the holiday period, they're looking to have more holiday promotions this year. And we're actually seeing that. You're seeing people actually going into shops more. Well, we're very excited about direct-to-consumer. And Eric talked earlier about pulse in the market that we have there and how excited we are about all that innovation. I think we're going to see more holiday promotions at retail. And we are well positioned this year with the inventory to meet that demand, whereas last year, we were short and retailers were short.
Deb Thomas: So overall, we are seeing higher cost. As we mentioned, there was pressure on gross margin from our -- particularly our MAGIC business, but also the D&D business when you think about Wizards in the quarter. We just had much lower advertising and depreciation expense as we talked about. So when we see the mix as we head into the back half of the year, we do have pricing on select MAGIC: THE GATHERING releases we have had to take just to compensate for paper costs. We've invested to make sure we have paper to support the demand that we expect in both D&D and MAGIC: THE GATHERING as well. But overall, as we see the mix and the things that impacted us back half of the year, while we could be surprised, we are expecting margins to be slightly down from a year ago overall for the full year. However, we agree, the second quarter was an exceptional quarter given the mix of business.
Deb Thomas: Really just that you're seeing the reflection of our preorders on the inventory and the operating cash flow number. From an investing standpoint, we just -- which is part of our free cash flow. We did make that very strategic acquisition of D&D Beyond, which we're very excited about the future for that, as Chris just said, for the platform for many things that we have in our view going forward. So as we look at that, we do expect the inventory to turn, but in the back half of the year, we expect our cash flow generation to actually improve in the back half of the year.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Gerrick, you're right. I mean, as we said in the first quarter, we warned that currency was a headwind. And in fact, we saw the euro for the first time in 20 years reach parity. I think it's up a tick this morning, right? But on a translation basis, that impacts our revenue, right? But the underlying business is healthy. Our -- we do hedge our costs. Most of our costs for products are denominated in U.S. dollars. So we hedge that. We're probably 65%, 70% hedged at a given time. So it does have less of an impact to operating profit. In addition to that, we are very focused on controlling our costs and implementing cost savings initiatives wherever we can. And we're excited to actually talk more about that when we get to Investor Day and how we view the long-term impact of that. But overall, we continue to invest in our business for long-term growth and do the smart business things to protect our margin on the bottom line and cut costs where we don't need to expand them.
