Brian Goldner: Sure, good morning, it's Brian. If you look at TOY STORY, we have co-branded games. So a brand like OPERATION is benefiting from that, as well as MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD, but not a significant amount of revenues in the second quarter. A good number, but not a significant number of revenues. The key within games really are our own brands in driving the business, so Magic The Gathering, MONOPOLY, THE GAME OF LIFE, certainly OPERATION and benefiting from TOY STORY. Those are the big drivers of the growth in games in the quarter. We're looking PLAYSKOOL, really a number of initiatives driving that growth. Certainly, in the learning arena, we've just launched ALPHIE. That's a great category for us. We're already seeing some good numbers there. A major category in EXPLORE ‘N GROW is growing for us. WHEEL PALS is growing, Our TONKA Preschool business is growing. So those are all some areas in Preschool overall outside of PLAYSKOOL that's growing. You are also seeing growth in PLAY-DOH, both domestically and internationally.
Brian Goldner: Our R&D has been in that range, about 4.5% to 5% revenues. Certainly, in the second quarter, it's a bit about timing, but also a bit about investing in our business, if you look across the business, making a bit of investments in R&D. We do expect, of course, growth in years to come and we're planning for that growth in our core brands and reinventing our brands. You see investments in television; you see investments in our emerging market business. So very consistent with our long-term strategy, that's where we're investing, and then we're managing our cost on other sides with royalties, amort and a bit of advertising coming down.
Brian Goldner: So we're very excited. I think the first thing I should say is that Margaret and the team, Steve Davis, Hasbro Studio and the team have done a tremendous job underway in producing those seven TV series over 350 hours of television and time for the 10/10/10 launch. Those numbers that we cited, the $300 million overtime and contributing an additional toys and game sales is consistent with what we believe today because it's not only what we're going to do domestically on THE HUB, but as we distribute those shows internationally, we believe we'll get those increases in international markets, as those shows go globally. So we again would reiterate our broad and long-term guidance, $300 million feels good to us. When you see the shows and I've seen the lot of the early story boarding and some of the early animation, it's really exciting and the feedback from the experts as well as novices is quite good. We are feeling very good about what we're seeing coming out of the studio.
Brian Goldner: Felicia, the one thing I would say to you is, clearly, what we're saying today is that barring a further decline. So if you look at what the current rates are in euro, you can look at where the business is currently. We're not going to provide guidance beyond that point. But I think we've tried to be very clear about where we are today and should be helpful to say that barring a further decline, that we could grow revenues including FX.
Brian Goldner: I wouldn't give you a lot of guidance there, specifically. But, suffice it to say, the major initiatives for the company this year, the things that you have in the second half that you've had in the first half of certainly are MARVEL business. You have the STARWARS business. We're looking forward to the third season of STAR WARS launching in the fall on television. You have the beginning of SESAME STREET in the PLAY-DOH business, but for the most part beyond that a lot of our own toys and games selling in the second half.
Brian Goldner: Good morning. Well, first to start with the big drivers in the Boys arena, certainly the MARVEL business, we continue to be impressed by the performance of IRON MAN. It's certainly significantly up versus the first movie. We feel very good about it as we go into the fall. It's really meeting with our expectations. We're certainly increased from the first movie. I think everybody feels good about that. The other major contributors are our own brand and NERF. NERF is a superstar, both domestically and internationally growing at significant rates. We rebranded the SUPER SOAKER segment to be NERF SUPER SOAKER and re-invented that brand, that's also contributing significantly, as we're getting great weather around the country and around the world, and SUPER SOAKER is certainly performing. BEYBLADE is just beginning. So we feel good again about BEYBLADE, how placement of the show through Nelvana around several territories which we mentioned. Feel good about that. STAR WARS, the third season hits in the fall of the CLONE WARS. We feel very good about the STAR WARS business and we still have initiatives for TRANSFORMERS in the fall with the HUNT FOR THE DECEPTICONS. Our first episodes for TRANSFORMERS will begin airing on THE HUB late this year and we chose to focus on that timing in time for THE HUB launch or just following THE HUB launch, but really allowing us to have full year 2011 animation for TRANSFORMERS alongside of the motion picture release.
Brian Goldner: 2011, we have the seven TV series launching this fall to varying times during the fall and time for THE HUB launch. And TRANSFORMERS is underway in production right now. They are shooting in Chicago, and we expect that to happen on July 1, 2011. Everything is a green light there. We go into production on BATTLESHIP in the next five, six weeks, and you see that reflected in our numbers in Q2, as we start to get in some revenues in the E&L segment around motion pictures. And overall, on schedule.
Brian Goldner: Correct. You see you'll have a number of movies in 2012. You have the Avengers in May 2012 as they've announced thus far, Spider-Man, BATTLESHIP and then Stretch Armstrong. Those are all 2012. 2011, you have TRANSFORMERS 3, you have Thor, you have Captain America - The First Avenger. So between Hasbro Paramount and Marvel Paramount, you've got at least those three movies in support of Hasbro's brands.
Brian Goldner: It's Brian. First, if you look at the plan and we've talked about the dilution this year as a financial metric, that dilution is primarily around the multimillion-dollar marketing campaign we have lined up for THE HUB. In addition to the campaign that the team is putting together to launch THE HUB, which will be in all kinds of forms of advertising, marketing and promotions, certainly the two parents are also using their skill sets to help bring viewership to THE HUB. We have a great partner in Discovery that has a number of domestic networks. We're working on promotions on air across a number of their different channels where our audience is lined up. You will see things for THE HUB across a number of different platforms and those plans will be announced and outlined a little bit later; I'll let Margaret and the team do that, but suffice it to say, between being on our packaging, being on the Discovery's channels, our multimillion-dollar campaign. Having said that, we won't get there all at once, but we are planning this growth over time. If you look at the growth of major networks, it happens over some period of time. And yet, we feel very comfortable that this network can contribute to increases in our toys and games sales as we've outlined over the next several years.
Brian Goldner: We're not going to provide ratings guidelines. Suffice it to say, our teams have worked on the modeling and we feel very comfortable both in the early years as well as in the later years as to what's achievable, and we'll continue to update you guys on our progress. But at this point, we're not going to provide any kind of ratings guideline.
Brian Goldner: So if you look at our POS year-to-date, POS is up, both toys and games. The POS was stronger through Easter, but has been still up recently. I mean, obviously, you have to account a bit for TRANSFORMERS, but overall, if you look at our overall POS year-to-date, it is up. The consumer sentiment is in line with consumer takeaway more recently. A little bit choppy, but as we look at our new initiatives, we're seeing good takeaway from those new initiatives. So as I said, year-to-date POS is up for the company. PLAYSKOOL, really getting a lot of support from retailers overall for PLAYSKOOL, a lot of new innovation, a change in leadership, lots of focus in new R&D, and new initiates. So both, domestically and internationally, retailers are very supportive of PLAYSKOOL. It is a brand with great resonance with consumers and we are delivering innovation at great price points to match that.
Brian Goldner: I'm not going to comment specifically retailer-by-retailer, but I will say that our retailers, inclusive of Wal-Mart, Target, Toys ‘R' Us, domestic retailer's Kmart have been very supportive of PLAYSKOOL, and so I don't see anything in your question that would be a watch out or warning.
Brian Goldner: Thanks. Well, first, if you look at our core games brands like Magic and MONOPOLY, they are major contributors to our growth. You're also seeing growth across brands like OPERATION, the GAME OF LIFE, SCRABBLE, lot of new initiatives like CUPONK we talked about. It's a great new game. It's already off to a great start. So whether it's our core mega brands or challenger brands or some new brands, growth is there. In the area of buildable games, we have five SKUs that we've launching now, including MONOPOLY, CONNECT FOUR, BATTLESHIP, MOUSETRAP and SORRY! All in the U-Build category, and they are just getting off to a start now, and we feel very good about those as well. The consumer feedback has been extremely positive as you could imagine with brands like that and great playability. So overall, we continue to reinvent and re-imagine that business both domestically and internationally.
Brian Goldner: They are roughly market rates, slightly below what you might pay on motion picture. Remember, that the way that royalties are split, there are some royalties that go back to the studio for producing and then some royalties that go to THE HUB as well, so really equally divided.
Brian Goldner: No, no. I am just saying, if you look at they are below market rates is what I was saying. If you look at what we pay on motion pictures, it's below that, Sean.
Brian Goldner: It's a bit different because what we're doing in effect is Hasbro Studios is producing those shows, and then through the related sales, we're paying a royalty back to the studio in essence for producing that programming.
Brian Goldner: Yes. THE HUB gets royalty as well in support of the brands. Obviously, with associated merchandizing, they would participate in that. But overall, the levels are lower than that of our motion picture dealer and outside the studios deal.
Brian Goldner: No. Call it liability, the total royalty cost on our motion picture like TRANSFORMERS, the payments to the studio and to THE HUB are below those levels.
Brian Goldner: Actually, if you look at TRANSFORMERS motion picture, the motion picture rates are a bit higher than in average television royalty, recognizing we're not producing the films. Remember that TRANSFORMERS and Paramount deal, I think we said a couple of times that the TRANSFORMERS Paramount deal was our first deal in Hollywood in motion pictures, and our subsequent deals have been better, which we described to you qualitatively and quantitatively. So it's probably our most expensive deals on something like a TRANSFORMERS, and so I wouldn't look at IRON MAN versus TRANSFORMERS in terms of total royalty liability as being altogether that different.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think Deb mentioned in her piece, she talked about how Entertainment and Licensing revenues were up and was trying to describe that to you guys because you might not have expected that in the second quarter. But the net of it is twofold; one, payments in arrears that come from the licensing revenues associated with our motion pictures; and secondly, we begin to get some payments as we go into production on movies like BATTLESHIP.
Brian Goldner: So you think about it as just, there is box office, there are rights fees, there's different things associated with the movie. That's what we were trying to describe that our deals with Universal is still a very good deal for both parties and certainly we're engaged in BATTLESHIP, but it runs differently than a TRANSFORMERS deal.
Brian Goldner: My broad guidance to you, if you go back and look at year after motion pictures in the Boys arena over the last several years, and we've all done that, you can see what the typical drop-off rate is. What I am saying is TRANSFORMERS is more along those normalized levels, whereas when we had the motion picture last time followed immediately by television, we were able to sustain higher levels. We chose to move new animation on to the channel, which obviously had a timing impact, but it's really a timing impact so that we can support THE HUB. We could get great animation out there with an amazing team and creative stewards. And so, because of that, in 2010 we don't have the benefit of the television. So a more normalized year after motion picture drop-off.
Brian Goldner: I think the way I'd look at that would be some television this fourth quarter, but the bulk of the episodes and the bulk of the scheduling really comes in 2011.
Brian Goldner: No. I think we feel very good about the third and fourth quarter this year. As we've said, we still believe we can grow revenues and EPS this year. We have a lot of new initiatives that are just beginning to ship, both here and around the world. Again, I would look at a number that says year-to-date our revenues are down just $3 million versus a year ago. So if you think about it that way, we've done $1.410 billion year-to-date up against $1.413 billion a year ago. To us, that says now, just like in the toy industry midyear, and we are at the starting line.
Brian Goldner: What's really happening in the industry, if you think about it, you're trading out a lot of console games, which were being sold at roughly $50 with a lot of online games and iPhone games and absent things that are sold at $3, $4 or $5. So I think what you are really seeing are the number of units that you need to sell in order to make up those kind of revenues are pretty significant. It's not unlike where we were back in 2000, 2001 where we were starting to focus on our core brands and the big initiatives, while some of our licensed business was falling away, and it took us a couple of years to get our top line revenues to grow. I think that that's in essence where EA is as they make this major secular shift.
Brian Goldner: Tim, we've said that there are seven TV series. We've also said we have about 300 episodes in production, and we probably won't give you a specific number. Obviously, it's going to be a bit of timing about where we are, but thus far, certainly we can tell you that $19 million has been put up on the balance sheet.
Brian Goldner: Our sales have been very good. I mean, it was a great movie and our sales have been good. Obviously, we don't have the bulk of the license rights. We have MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD as was well as co-branded games like OPERATION in our Space Shooters Game. But the products that we do have, have been selling very well, and there is lot of innovation in our line, and we feel very good about TOY STORY.
Brian Goldner: TRANSFORMERS is not uncharacteristically down. What I talked about is there are expectations for a non-movie year coming off of a movie year. We have certain benchmarks around that. Obviously, without the TV series and support of the brand, we're seeing that typical type of decline. We believe once we have the TV on the air for the most part in late ‘10 and ‘11, we'll get the support of television, because we know that television does drive toys and games sales, and it does so around the world.
Brian Goldner: I think for this year, you'll see a pretty normalized rate on advertising because again the channel doesn't launch till 10/10/10 and so you're not really getting the benefit of the additional television except late in the fourth quarter this year a bit. So for the most part, we're going to be spending on advertising. The royalties are down as we drive more of our business with our own core brands and do so globally. We have less licenses. I believe we have in top 10 brands, two licenses within the top 10 brands of the company this year. So as we've said, it's going to be that breadth of our portfolio that we feel very strongly about, really amazing array of world-class brands being driven by a great team that will deliver growth in revenues and EPS this year.
Brian Goldner: No. It's a for-sales product. You can build your hand, your deck online. You can buy and you are buying. People are buying digital objects, which are the cards. You have the opportunity if you want to turn those digital objects into analog cards and have your deck delivered to you, but it's really both in terms of growth and usage. Certainly, quantitatively, there is still more business in the analog card business, although digital has grown as has analog. It's a bit of a difference; you're seeing more new users using the analog or paper-based cards whereas you tend to see more lapsed users who have moved away from their friends, they've set up their own lives and they are now reengaging with other lapsed Magic players online because of course, digital helps you to span those distances between friends.
Brian Goldner: The PLAYSKOOL business and overall Preschool are both up significantly. It really has to do with a lot of new initiatives in the PLAY-DOH business and TONKA Preschool business in PLAYSKOOL. It is both domestic as well as internationally growing in emerging markets as well as mature markets. It's a concerted effort on behalf of the team that is doing a very good job. We're just in the early stages of unlocking the potential of that brand.
Deb Thomas: Well, I think if we look at our revenues, we tend to be consistently about 40% international, 60% domestic, and within that, we just try to give some color as to what some of the larger currency impacts were with the euro, Canadian dollars, Mexican Peso. Those are the currencies that impact us most, especially since the Hong Kong dollar which we purchased a lot of our product and is pegged to the U.S. So really barring a further decline in foreign exchange, we continue to reiterate our guidance but it's just very volatile right now. I think if we think about revenues being 60-40 and looking at the movement in some of the currencies, particularly the euro, hopefully, that's a little bit more helpful for you.
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that we don't give that kind of guidance and right now at current levels we just reiterate the guidance that we've given.
Deb Thomas: Hi, Michael, it's Deb. Our cash position is very healthy and it's consistent with our strategy. We do generate quite a bit of cash and we continue to plan to invest that cash in our future growth. So as David has said in the past that those investments are growing in marketing areas and adding new people in our emerging markets and developing our TV program that we talked about some of the levels of that. But those investments are in the tens and millions of dollars. We remain very skeptical of acquisitions. Obviously, if there was something compelling out there that would benefit the company and complement our strategy, and benefit our shareholders, we look at it, but we do remain skeptical of it. So our plan with our cash is to continue investing in our business and returning whatever is excess to our shareholders.
Deb Thomas: Certainly, Tom. As we continue to make some of the investments in our emerging markets, those are tens and millions of dollars. To-date, we have spent about $19 million on programming costs in the TV investment. We've said, given the programming being successful, we could ramp up to $80 million to $100 million a year on programming spend, and then that will get amortized through the P&L over the curve. But from an investment standpoint, as Brian talked about the interactive gaming really with EA, really at those lower levels now.
Deb Thomas: I think some of the regulations around at new accounting rules and the increasing costs that some of the banks have to capitalize it now have just made it not as advantageous as it was to us in the past. So we haven't securitized receivables since the second quarter of last year, and our expectation is that we would not use that as much in the future going forward. We go through 2011 with our current agreement. So we have the ability to tap into that, but we've not needed to.
Deb Thomas: Well, we actually have $19 million of cash payments that we made so far, so that's all up on the balance sheet right now. We do not expect a significant amount of cost to roll-through in 2010, as we launch 10/10. We only have the last quarter where we start to air the programming, but we'll do it, we'll expense what's up on the balance sheet as the programs air.
Deb Thomas: We didn't, and if I didn't I apologize for not doing that but we do continue to expect that to be a level of dilution impacting the share.
Deb Thomas: Well, I think that one of the things that we benefit from and we tried to give some color on the different currencies, and put a little bit of more context in the major currencies that impacted while we're significantly impacted by the euro and the euro has gone down, and then recently it's gone back up again. So it's been very volatile. Currencies like the Mexican peso and the Canadian dollar have strengthened. So we've got currencies really going in multiple directions. So currency isn't going to be the tailwind we thought it was going to be, it's really more of a headwind and we'll watch it. But at current levels, we continue to believe given the mix of where our revenues lie and the fact that some go up and some go down that we can reiterate our guidance.
Deb Thomas: I'll take the one financial question. We do continue to expect that the venture will be accretive in 2011.
David Hargreaves: Margaret, this is David. I think we're very comfortable with our retailer inventories at the moment. I think in the U.S., clearly, our shipments into retail have been down versus a year ago, but certainly in the U.S. POS through the first half of the year is up, which we tend to indicate there have been some reduction compared to a year ago during the first quarter of inventory. As we go into the rest of the year, I think there is one area of concern, which is shipping capacity and containers, and we've put additional container capacity in place and shipping capacity in place, and I think we're encouraging our retailers to take the product earlier rather than later to avoid any problems. So I think we're doing everything to avoid the problems, but I think it is something that you're going to read about in the papers in terms of container shortages and shipping capacity. I think retailers, as Brian said, we got a lot of newness in our line in the second half of the year, and I think retailers appreciate that. They're supporting the line, and I think they will take in the appropriate level of inventories so as to have a good year.
David Hargreaves: Well, I think clearly, we've invested pretty heavily getting into Brazil and China. We've opened offices in Peru, Chile, and some of the other Eastern European markets. We opened an office in Romania this year. So clearly, we're getting higher growth rates in these markets, but they're still relatively small compared to Western Europe. So clearly, some of our growth is absent for TRANSFORMERS and JOE is still coming in the Western Europe as well is still pretty strong. In particular, this year Spain had a very bad year last year. Their economy was probably one in worst in a road, and that bounced back pretty well. Mexico was also one of the worst places last year because of the economy, because of bird flu, and a number of other reasons, and Mexico bounced back pretty well. So pretty good everywhere, but Mexico and Spain, good bounce back in emerging market show more growth, which is to be expected.
David Hargreaves: It's David, Sean. Clearly, the payments for the studio, all within Hasbro, and payments to THE HUB, it's a 50% joint venture, so half of it sort of comes back to us anyway.
David Hargreaves: Also, if you look at our business, Sean, our Boys was down in the quarter, and within that NERF was very good. The real growth was driven by games and driven by Magic, which is a Hasbro brand, PLAYSKOOL, Preschool products, which are mainly Hasbro brands. Even in the Girls, FURREAL FRIENDS did very well. So a lot of our growth during the quarter versus a year ago has been driven by Hasbro brands, which just don't have (inaudible).
David Hargreaves: Yes. No I mean, you are reading about it in the newspaper, which is why I boarded up, but I think given what we've done thus far to secure additional containers and shipping capacity, and we are clearly working with the retailers to say, you need to not leave it all to the last minute. You need to sort of come during the third quarter, and maybe put a little bit ahead than you otherwise would have. I think, they're ready, they understand the situation, they import a lot themselves in terms of their own label and non-toy product. I think given what we've done and given working together with the retailers, we do not anticipate that this is a material issue.
David Hargreaves: So we are not really anticipating any price increases in the back half of this year. I think, as Deb said on the call, commodity costs, the way we look in our prices we're not subject to short-term movements in commodity costs through our vendors. But in addition, some of the increases which we saw in the first quarter and we're certainly ahead of what we had expected has started to abate. In fact, a number of resins and paperboard were actually sequentially down in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
David Hargreaves: I've not got much to add rather than Magic is very successful on Xbox LIVE Arcade, which is clearly the number one online video game platform at the moment. I think Magic is like number three in terms of their downloadable games. They got over 300 different downloadable games and I think Magic is currently ranked No. 3. So that's introducing new people to the Magic brand who have been going out buying the cards as well.
