Brian Goldner: Sure. Good morning, Mike. On the first question, we’re really seeing an array of TV series that are in production for eOne as well as a number of films. We talked about that on our prepared remarks. And we’re beginning those deliveries, including The Rookie, Cruel Summer, which we just launched on Freeform, a couple of films and increasing television deliveries throughout the year. In fact, by Q2, we expect to see the growth that we’ve been talking about. And our expectation for the full year remains the same, which is the Entertainment business should grow double digits in revenue and return on television and film revenues to the levels that we saw back in 2019. As we move beyond that, as we look at long-term plans, we clearly believe in the continued growth of eOne’s business over the longer term, and we’re really seeing the Hasbro IP begin to take hold. In fact, right now, we’re already on preproduction with a planned launch of production in the next few months on the D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS film. We’ve got TRANSFORMERS both television and film, MY LITTLE PONY. This feature animated CG film comes out in September on Netflix. POWER RANGERS, we have both the TV series and film that we’ll talk about going to a platform very shortly. We also have some great creative stewards on a brand like Risk that will be coming in a future period. So the Hasbro IPs are being actively developed in the television and films well under production. We do continue to use COVID protocols right now, and we believe those will dissipate as the situation continues to get better. But we feel very good about the Entertainment business for 2021 and beyond.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Let me start by talking a bit about Wizards and Digital Gaming, and we’ll begin with Magic Arena. We have really seen an acceleration of Magic Arena in the first quarter. We went to full mobile launch just at the end of the quarter at March 25. It’s available both on Android and iOS, and Arena is up 24% versus a year ago, where we’ve now seen about 3.5 billion games played collectively since the beginning in the launch. The average per hour use and gameplay for the week is now back to trending at nine hours per week. As you know, we’re launching a whole array of card sets that are also simultaneously for MAGIC analog and digital. And we really saw great success in the first quarter around Kaldheim. In fact, that launch, which is early February was the biggest winter set of all time for MAGIC, and Time Spiral was also in the quarter, and that was also very successful. As we move forward now with Magic Arena up on both iOS and Android, we’ll now be entering second quarter, in fact, just launching in April, on the 23rd, Strixhaven, which is a brand-new world for MAGIC: THE GATHERING; the big new card release that will come in June, Modern Horizons, will really drive Q2’s business, and there’s a lot of excitement around that. And then by July, we have another release coming for the brand. So, we’re really seeing an acceleration of downloads. In fact, it’s as good or even better than the team had anticipated. People are really enjoying the play, it’s translated very well to the mobile format, and we’ll continue to monitor and look at what appears to be an accelerating MAGIC business. The NFT is a real opportunity for us. As you know, we have so many brands that really operate on multiple demographic levels, whether it’s TRANSFORMERS or the MAGIC and D&D brands, brands like G.I. Joe. And we have a team that’s leading our effort out of the West Coast. We have our arms around this and see multiple opportunities on the NFT side, and you’ll hear more about that as we move forward. But we are actively developing our opportunity here, and we do see it as substantial.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So, I’ll start, and then I’ll let Deb comment on your question. So, as we look at eOne throughout the year, we’ve said Q2, we expect to see growth, and we’re seeing our deliveries really come in. I think Q3, that will accelerate and then Q4, we’ll see how many additional deliveries come in Q4 or whether certain episodes get delivered in the first quarter of 2022. But again, for the full year, we have a plan in place that gets us double-digit revenue growth, very robust sales. The teams executed across multiple platforms and productions. And increasingly, Hasbro IP comes into the mix. There’s a number of unscripted shows for Hasbro IP that we didn’t mention but are also under way. And so we feel very good about that business. We had also said that all along that in Q1 a year ago, we were still receiving theatrical revenues, and it happened to be a very big theatrical quarter for us. And clearly, just given the timing of closures, we would be up against those revenues this year. And we had mentioned that in our Investor Day as well as in our first quarter conference call. So again, the team is doing an excellent job that are really engaged in developing Hasbro IP and delivering a whole array of very entertaining shows and upcoming movies for the marketplace.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Sure. So in fact, you’re right. The Magic Arena had historically been expanding. It’s accelerating in that effort. In fact, analog tabletop has performed incredibly well. And let me remind you that the analog and the tabletop business is performing incredibly well while people can’t get together locally in their local favorite hobby shops or local gaming shops to play the game. In fact, about a year ago, and if you looked at the hobby shops, you would have seen about 40% of global hobby shops had some capability to fulfill for either curbside pickup or some kind of e-com. And today, that’s well over 80%, and we’ve tried to help foster those capabilities and building card sets and releases that would be enabling this local hobby shops to really participate. But we do expect an additional tailwind on the analog business when we’re starting to see that as markets begin to reopen and people can begin to get back together again. And so that’s obviously a major contributor to people is being able to play and also the opportunity to continue to share an individual gamer’s passion with new gamers to the game. People get invited to come along and learn how to play MAGIC all the time. So yes, it’s expansive. No, there is no cannibalization. And then in fact, Magic Arena is just allowing people to play at a distance who had never been able to be able reconnect with friends or family before and not necessarily be in their neighborhood. So all a net positive.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So in fact, the business was not sold at a loss. We, in fact, sold the business on a multiple basis far over what we had paid for it. So obviously, before we – or as we were acquiring eOne, we assigned certain values to certain elements of the business, music, television, film, other goodwill, and that was back in late 2019. And so there’s a book loss, just a true-up book loss that comes as a result of the proceeds that we received from the acquisition, but we feel very good about the sale. And it was, on a multiple basis, far ahead of what we paid for it. I don’t know if you want to comment, Deb.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, what we’ve seen is continued strength. Obviously, if you look at the games business, and I described this a bit in the remarks, our games business up until week 12 was up 30%. And then obviously, we hit where COVID really accelerated a year ago, and so games finished the quarter at minus 5% in POS. However, underlying POS during this period is still up 30% versus the 2019 pre-COVID level. So, we’re still seeing that robust gaming demand. Secondly, our toy business POS has been incredibly strong through this period and double digits up for – post Q1. The other thing that’s really important to note is that this is a period of time where we can actually supply product whereas a year ago, the POS was being generated from inventories retailers had on hand as our games factories in Massachusetts and Ireland had been closed for eight weeks. So, we now were able to supply demand. We weren’t able to supply a year ago. And similarly, supply chain disruptions had caused us to be unable to supply product during Q2 last year. Despite good strong POS, it was really coming from inventories on hand more than our ability to replenish. So, we’re seeing Q2 shape up quite well from a demand perspective. And also early on, I’ll comment from our shipments perspective. We are really seeing continued strength around the product categories. Growth in our franchise brands has really been robust around the world. In North America, Franchise Brands in Q1 grew 37%. We’re really seeing our Partner Brands grow, our e-com POS was up 34% in the first quarter with even higher numbers for several brands. Disney Princess was incredibly strong with POS up more than 60% in the first quarter, and that’s continuing as the team has launched a whole array of new innovative products. So again, it’s going to be a bit of a strange comparison on POS in Q2 as compared to a year ago, but the ability to supply product against real demand is very evident, and we’re executing on that.
Brian Goldner: No. In fact, I would say we’re as confident or even more confident. The teams have done an incredible job of working with our global retailers and selling in an array of new really inventive product. Season 9 of Peppa is really proceeding. There’s a whole line of new content coming, and I don’t want to give anything away to the fans, but including a trip to the United States for the family and a lot of product around all that and the play patterns. And really it’s just so cute and inventive. So no, we feel very good. Peppa and PJ both will have around 50 SKUs each this holiday and then we’ll continue to accelerate in 2022 as we have new products coming in that year as well.
Brian Goldner: Sure. What we’re seeing around the world, and we were – it’s really great to see the growth in every region around the world for the Consumer Products business, including a real return to growth in the Europe, in Asia Pacific and Latin America in addition to very strong growth in demand in the U.S. As we look at our retailers’ plans, it’s clear that these are categories that are important – increasingly this important to retail. The growth and robust sales increases we’re seeing across our business are really important again to the consumer. So, what we’re going to see, we believe, is a number of very big promotional windows that will occur in the summertime. A few of our major retailers, already lining up around those kinds of plans and then additional opportunities and big promotional windows occurring at the beginning of Q4. So I would say it’s multiple at best for big promotional windows that will begin early but also continue and accelerate during Q4, so the holiday period. And we’re really seeing that from several different categories of retailing and our major retailers.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Retail inventory is up a little bit with our Wizards business, and it’s up a little bit in our games business. But these are very, very small increases. I would say, overall, inventory is either kind of in line with a year ago or slightly below. And it’s just where we have increasing demand and sales.
Brian Goldner: It is. In fact, the performance in the first quarter makes us even more confident in our ability to execute a very good year, and the team is performing at a very high level. So yes, we feel very confident about the guidance that we had provided earlier this year.
Brian Goldner: No. I think we’re feeling pretty good about inventories. And in fact, I think it should continue to drive e-com and omni sales, and we talked about it being up 70% in the quarter. That’s just – that will reflect a little bit of the mix shift in weak supply of inventory on the margin. And so you’re just seeing us continue to hone the inventories for the channel, continuing to use really good techniques in how we restock our – and using flex warehouse space for our online and omni retailers and be as efficient as possible while still fulfilling demand. And in fact, we’re lining up against continued strong demand in Q2, a lot of new initiatives coming throughout the year. In fact, we’re really excited about the number of new initiatives we have coming for the remainder of the year that run the gamut across just the multitude of our brands. We talked about some of the NERF new initiatives and new initiatives coming in action around here a couple of new films, G.I. Joe, My Little Pony. And so again, we’re lining up those inventories for those major initiatives.
Brian Goldner: Yes, the team’s really got an array of new games that are coming. We have really robust plans. In fact, already year-to-date, we have the number one new game in the marketplace according to NPD, which is the Foosketball, and it’s been really well received. We have a number of new games in Monopoly and several new original games coming as well. So very strong plans for games for the year obviously, in Q2 and during this like eight-, 12-week period, we have a bit of a flip on POS. But as I said, the underlying demand remains quite strong and plans for the year really look good.
Brian Goldner: Well, you’re right. There’s a lot of excitement and major initiatives coming from the partnership with The Walt Disney Company. Clearly, Disney+ has an array of new content lined up. Falcon and the Winter Soldier began to ship in end of Q1, but it’s really a Q2 initiative. And we’re now seeing incredible growth in the Star Wars business, incredible growth in POS. Disney Princess, I mentioned earlier, has really strong shipments as well as more than 60% increase in POS. And then Marvel very strong around Spider-Man but also we’ll launch product for a number of films this year, including Black Widow and Chengxi. We’ll have some product for Venom. And the Eternals, which comes later in the year, is going to be a major initiative for us. So, again – and then the Spider-Man movie that comes at the end of the year. So against those three major brands, we’re certainly driving a lot of innovation and product for both Disney+ initiatives as well as the film initiatives.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Well, look, what’s great about where we are is that eOne has historically been an organization that’s been very effective in building incredible content in a risk-mitigated way and selling to any number of partners, great relationships across the board with the OTT platforms, from Netflix to Amazon to Apple to others. We have shows on the air with all of these different outlets and then, of course, as well with broadcasters, terrestrial and satellite around the world. We continue to look at how we put Hasbro IP in the market. There’s a very strong demand for world-class IP, and Hasbro has great array of it. We’re working, as I mentioned, on a number of brands, and we’re starting to see the traction around brands like the My Little Pony, which we have talked about, is on Netflix in September; Transformers, new TV series going on another platforms; our film coming next year in partnership with Paramount. And then Power Rangers and you’ll hear more about it, but we’ve been developing that, and we expect shortly to be able to talk about the brand, new content for the brand that will go after a multitude of audiences that will be on a streaming platform. So again, a very good position for the company, and we look at all of our opportunities. But you’re right, we’ve entered an era where there’s really an unprecedented spending on content and an unprecedented desire for these great brands with great story, and eOne is expert at that.
Brian Goldner: Well, I’ll comment and let Deb comment. Look, we – from very early on, we received a lot of interest in the business. As soon as it was announced, if you remember the headlines around all these different music labels that eOne had as well, juxtapose to some of our brands, and it was really a lot of conversation and a lot of interest. We ran a very robust process. And we had a number of parties, more than 10 parties interested in the business during the process. And ultimately, we think we found the right partnership. The team is really well positioned with the buyer and this opportunity. We’ll continue to work with them on several brands for music supervision and some of our music for a number of years because they are so good at what they do. And again, it was a really robust process. It wasn’t that we were contemplating a sale, but we had the interest from the very beginning.
Deb Thomas: And as far as our EBIT margins, I mean, the first quarter is generally a smaller quarter. At this point, we don’t see anything that changes our full-year outlook. Our demand has been strong, and we have positive trends in Consumer Products and whether it’s in Digital Gaming business, and Brian just talked about entertainment. So, we’re confident that, that segment can continue to deliver as well into together. We can – it can all deliver double-digit revenue growth for us for the year. But as we said in February, we’re targeting operating margins in line with our last year’s adjusted level of around 15%. Demand has been strong and that helped support it, but the impact of freight and input cost increases has become more pronounced over the past several months. And we do have plans in place to help mitigate those costs, including price increases for the second half of the year, and we’re actively working with our vendors, suppliers and customers. So for this full year, our plans continue to show that we should be in line with operating margins around last year’s adjusted level of 15%.
Deb Thomas: As far as the cadence of Wizards, you’re right, Steph, it’s the varying nature of the set releases really does impact the shipments for year-over-year trends. And the release cadence this year gives us an expectation that the second quarter will be the biggest quarter of the year, it’s our current expectation anyway, of the year for Wizards. So, Q1 of last year had some revenues pulled forward to avoid COVID logistical issues, but they – obviously, they comp very well because of the strength of releases. The momentum is there and the spring set timing will be in Q2 of this year versus Q1 of last year. So that, with some incremental game launches in the second quarter, which don’t have a comp on the digital side, that’s what kind of gives us the belief of the second quarter being higher than the other quarters. And so that if we look back on that business, we can see it fluctuates from time to time. And the digital revenue, and as that ramps, will have the depreciation that goes with that. So while Arena, we started to have – Arena mobile, we started to have some expense in the first quarter, you’ll see a bit more of that ramping with those digital games being developed. And that’s why we continue to believe that full year operating profit margin that segment is expected to be more in line with the 2019 levels for the full year of 38.7% versus the 46.4% than we had last year.
Deb Thomas: As far as the impact on the full year, it’s not expected to be material. As we said, we expect the deal to close in the second quarter – or late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter. We would expect at that point it would reduce revenues by approximately $60 million to $70 million and maybe $15 million to $20 million in operating profit, so not material in the second half of 2021.
Deb Thomas: Hi, good morning, Tami. I think we do still expect advertising to be right around that 8% to 9% of revenue level. It was light in the first quarter, not because of Consumer Products and Wizards and Digital Gaming because we had increased advertising in those particular segments. It really was because of entertainment and not having the theatrical launches that we had a year ago when we were out promoting those lines. So that’s really why you’re seeing the impact. But for a full year basis, we still expect to be in that 8% to 9% of revenue range.
Deb Thomas: Yes. So we did see that impact, you’re correct, in the first quarter. And today, we’ve been able to mitigate and absorb the increases that you’re seeing in freight there as well as the product costs, but they have become more pronounced. But in addition to our efforts, we do have to increase prices. In fact, in the second half of the year to help mitigate those rising costs. So as of right now, with blending all of that together, we do expect that, we should be able to mitigate those increases at present.
Deb Thomas: I think we’re seeing continued pressures, but we have plans to mitigate with price increases in the second half of the year.
Deb Thomas: Right. And as far as the net proceeds, as we said, we expect the deal to close late in the second quarter, perhaps early in the third quarter and we do anticipate using the proceeds to de-lever. As you recall, we structured the debt at the eOne deal, so we could prepay several components of it with no penalties. And our expectation is that we will – you will see something likely around that time frame or shortly thereafter.
Deb Thomas: Right. And as Brian said, we just – for us, it’s about continuing to focus on really the core strategic elements of the acquisition and how they fit into our Brand Blueprint to continue driving our company to get results like the double-digit revenue growth that we expect for this year. So go forward, we think that our music business is a great team, they’re in a great place. We look forward to working with them, and we look forward to continue growing Hasbro as a great play and entertainment company.
