Brian D. Goldner: Well, we've seen year-to-date that our POS is quite strong in many of our markets around the world, including where we have our own data for emerging markets. So good performance thus far for our brands. Around the world, in the first quarter, double-digit POS growth for every market that we track with only one exception where France was up mid-single-digit. But across the world, we're seeing very strong double-digit growth in POS. Similarly, in emerging markets, we continue to see good progress, obviously affected by forex in terms of absolute top line revenue growth. Absent forex, 25% revenue growth in emerging markets in the first quarter. We've seen both in our brands growth as well as Entertainment and Licensing that the storytelling within our brands and television, in particular, has helped to power brands like MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS. Certainly, this is a very robust movie year for us, an entertainment-led year. We see that entertainment slate coming throughout the year. It's a little more spread out than in years prior with Star Wars coming later in the year. But clearly, over time, we are seeing the expansion of entertainment-led brands, particularly in our partnership with The Walt Disney Company being more globally-led with greater strength in distribution, more screens available – movie screens available for movie goers to enjoy those films, certainly more global box office, and therefore, we would surmise greater toy sales over time.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, Taposh, our highest margin business is Entertainment and Licensing. Within that, obviously, the licensing part of our business is the strongest operating margin. And it goes back to the idea that in our strategy, there's tremendous power. As we drive our brands with story, we're able to sign licensees who are benefiting from that storytelling globally, and we certainly benefit from having their consumer products out in the market. And we get paid for that. Certainly for holiday sales in the first quarter, but throughout the year as we have new episodes out, television episodes and movies over time, that certainly benefits our margin. And that's what we've talked about. Over time, longer term, we would expect that to be a lever for growth and operating margin.
Brian D. Goldner: PLAY-DOH was up strong double-digits this past quarter in revenues. It was up double-digits in POS. We're seeing great strength. That's true in the U.S. as well as around the world. It's becoming increasingly one of our most powerful global brands. A few years ago, we had anointed it as a Franchise Brand and elevated it from a challenger brand status and continued to put great innovation. The team has done a very good job there. We do have a movie deal that's being consummated and some great creative stewards on that movie as an idea. We think it's a very fun format for a movie and for storytelling. We've seen some early indications of that through a television series we've been running in China. And again, the characters that we're developing around the Doh Dohs as well as other characters that could appear in a Play-Doh movie make it quite fun and certainly something for the future years that we would take advantage of.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. We track it by market. So we have the syndicated data, NPD data we have for a number of markets. And the markets we have syndicated data for – U.S. was up double-digits; Canada double-digits; Mexico, Australia, UK, Germany and Spain all double-digit growth; France was mid-single-digits. Our Franchise Brand POS in the first quarter were up – it was very strong growth. And again, indicative of the sales that we had. But our POS is ahead of our sell-in in Franchise Brands as it is in sales in many markets around the world. That's why we have syndicated data. We also have our own data in emerging markets. Our teams track that pretty carefully and we're seeing good growth there as well.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. We believe it probably would although we do think Easter had a very good impact. Easter this year occurred in, what we call, week 14. Last year it was week 16, which fell into the second quarter. Easter to Easter, if you took the three weeks around Easter, Easter to Easter was up a bit year-on-year. But we've seen very strong POS growth throughout the quarter and continuing into the second quarter. So we feel very good about the early initiatives we have for the year. Again, these are early days.
Brian D. Goldner: We have a very key levers in our business that we've established around where our spending goes. Increasingly in our marketing, we're using digital marketing and lots of very contemporary forms of marketing to our audience. We work with our trade very effectively. We've seen obviously growth in our business at the trade. We have plans in place as well. It doesn't involve just increases, but certainly, where we are gaining share, which is in many different categories and certainly around the world. We are getting gains in linear footage, and therefore, opportunities for both in-aisle as well as out-of-aisle placement. And that just comes along with the growth in sales.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. If you look at Entertainment and Licensing segment, there are several elements within our Entertainment and Licensing business. Certainly, lifestyle licensing was up in the quarter. And that has to do with the fact that we get paid typically in arrears by a single quarter. So we account for the sales of our consumer products licensees and then we are able to take in those revenues as we get paid and recognize those revenues. So that was up in the quarter. That was obviously – contributes to the mix and contributes to the operating margin in that segment. Certainly, we have a number of streaming deals that are happening. We have our content on any number of platforms, SVOD platforms, including Netflix, but not exclusively to Netflix. And, yes, there are payments that happen within the quarter. What happens is as we deliver the episodes, we get paid for the episodes that we're delivering. And we also have other deals in place. So some of this is library programming. And then as we go on time, we talked about the development of and launching of new brands and new brands would be launched both in linear television and over time on different SVOD platforms.
Brian D. Goldner: And, Gerrick, we're obviously taking a number of steps to mitigate that impact. We've taken mid-single-digit price increases both in the U.S. and around the world and in markets where we've seen particularly high forex impact, we've gone back to take additional price increases where necessary to try to again mitigate in the short term those FX impacts.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. MY LITTLE PONY continues to perform quite well for us globally. It certainly benefits from revenues in several different categories. It goes back to the idea of being a franchise brand, and having licensed product as well as our own toy and game product. We are gearing up for the fifth season of MY LITTLE PONY is just breaking now and will break throughout the year. So brand-new product lineup around the fifth season that comes in second, third, and fourth quarters. But MY LITTLE PONY performed well, its POS was in the PONY business, the core PONY business was quite good for the quarter, double-digit POS increase there. And again, it's a small first quarter. And we're gearing up for the rest of the year, but MY LITTLE PONY continued to grow in the quarter.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. In our Preschool segment, one of our biggest brands there is PLAY-DOH. It continues to perform incredibly well. It's one of our most global brands and a number one brand in a couple countries around the world for us. The brand was up double-digits in the quarter. The POS was up double-digits throughout the world. We continue to have all new innovations, and again, that team has done a great job of continuing to innovate that brand. This is absent even DOHVINCI, we're just talking about the core PLAY-DOH business. The other part of the business that's performing quite well is a character-based business. That storytelling-led business is very strong. We saw good strength in TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS. We got in both placement of the TV show as well as the toy sales in the quarter were quite good. We add to that initiatives around Jurassic World, which just begin to take hold now. So again, character-led business has been particularly strong and we've seen that for our business. We have a number of new initiatives in our core PLAYSKOOL business. You saw at Toy Fair Play, Stow and Go. Early indications there good POS, albeit, early days, but POS growth there for some of the new initiatives in core Playskool. So I think it's about creating those innovations based on great consumer insights, about character-led business, and great creativity and enabling kids and moms to agree on developmental milestones and all the fun of our PLAY-DOH business, that great creativity that parents really love and kids enjoy as well.
Brian D. Goldner: Advertising we've said ratably should be right around 10%. So very consistent with the year-ago numbers. But over a trend line, longer-term trend line, that's down a bit, but it won't be the same number as it was in the first quarter. It was down more than that in the first quarter. And that just has to do with the size of the quarter and revenues. But if you look at our strategies, clearly, we're employing every one of the digital strategies that are available to us. That does add a level of efficiency and effectiveness to our messaging, engaging consumers, enthusiasts and fans, and enabling them to curate our brands and get involved in their own content creation and involvement in our polling, whether it's in our Games business, or in our Preschool business is quite a enabling technology that does enable us to – allow us to more effectively advertise over time.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. The digital streaming, we mentioned that in 2012, we had done a similar digital streaming deal, that was a few years ago. We mentioned how that revenue comes in. Obviously, in Entertainment and Licensing, we also took in significantly more licensing royalty income. So it's not just digital streaming in that category. And, Deb, you want to...
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. And, Tim, as we go out beyond 2015 into 2016 and beyond, you know we go out and price product based on the prevailing elements of the marketplace. And given so much of our line is new every year, it gives us a chance to look at what the cost inputs can and should be, what the pricing should look like. And therefore, this year it's about the fact that FX changes were so significant across countries and so fast in terms of the change back in the fourth quarter of last year. So this year we have to mitigate those changes, taking steps wherever we can on pricing and looking at our costs. But as we go out in the future years, we've taken that into account and begun to address that so that we can look at that in our cost of goods and into our product development as well as product pricing.
Brian D. Goldner: We're continuing to develop our product along a number of different lines. We've said our first objective was to create the right balance of our Franchise Brands, Franchise Brand effort and Franchise Brand growth. We've then developed adjacencies that you've seen enter the market quite successfully around those Franchise Brands. And the next phase of our development you'll see over the next number of years some new brands that we will now take this blueprint and the model we've created and begin to introduce some of the new brands. Some of those are from our vault like Jem and the Holograms. Some will be absolutely new to us. A few are based on some historical acquisitions we made, like Micronauts, but that becomes part of the mix as we go out over the next several years. Then in addition to that, we've talked about how in partnering with The Walt Disney Company, we have the opportunity to take advantage of their amazing slate of entertainment that's upcoming, as well as in future years the Princess business that we're very excited about. And it continues to allow us to balance our revenues where our partner brands revenues should be plus or minus 20% of our revenues, a couple points higher or lower in some individual years. But that balance enables us to continue to generate the kind of operating returns we're looking for as a company.
Brian D. Goldner: For the full year, we have some amazing initiatives and new innovations across our Girls business. And if you look at MY LITTLE PONY, there's a brand-new product lineup as well as a whole new TV series we're hitting. This is season number five and a brand-new series that we've developed for MY LITTLE PONY. LITTLEST PET SHOP is seeing great growth in the quarter and really just beginning to build on the momentum that we said we would create based on all-new TV series and getting that entertainment out around the world. For the second half of the year, of course, we add Disney Descendants and very excited about the new entertainment initiative from Disney and our lineup there. So I'm not going to really guide you on overall Girls growth. The last two years we've grown the Girls business and both years have been north of $1 billion. FURBY was a big brand for us. And last year, it continued to be a big brand as it moved through non-English speaking market. And it will continue to be a headwind throughout the year. But having said that, the teams are lining up some great product and storytelling initiatives for our own Franchise Brands and lots of new news within our challenger brands for the third and fourth quarter.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. We saw great growth for MAGIC. We didn't put percentage terms on that, but MAGIC in the quarter was very strong. It was double-digit growth. We talked about the fact that that had something to do with – we've talked about the timing of new initiatives, the major release came in the first quarter of this year whereas it was in the second quarter a year ago. So you do have some points of comparison year-on-year that have to do with this new timing schedule. But we're very happy to see both the sales as well as the sell-through of MAGIC continue to grow. And we'll see as we go through the year just the overall receptivity to the new cadence. But what I will tell you is thus far in the year, the engagement with fans and enthusiasts, the tournament play, and our effort and commitment to continue to improve the online experience with MAGIC: THE GATHERING is front and center at the company. It's something that we're investing in. We think MAGIC long term has incredible growth potential and we're just scratching the surface of the opportunity with that brand.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Our plan right now with the studio and film makers, you may have read something about some writers being hired and we have, in fact, brought in Akiva Goldsman to lead a group of writers to really create a strategic plan around Transformers. We think there's any number of stories to be told, that's a brand that's been around for 30 years with amazing canon and mythology. And we would expect the sequel to Transformer movie to happen in 2017.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. I think we noted why Girls was down. We're up against a very big FURBY comp, and, of course, in the first quarter, Easy Bake was down because, again, it's very holiday-sales oriented. And there's a bit of impact with some inventories based on the West Coast port strike and some delays around a little bit of product. TRANSFORMERS would have been up without the entertainment payment. So I think that I would turn it around a little bit. I would say that our objective is to continue to grow our Franchise Brands across a number of dimensions. We're going to continue to be the preeminent creator of toys and games through great innovations and consumer insight. But through storytelling, we are going to bring the power of our brands to other consumer product categories. That is the nature of the way fans and enthusiasts want to enjoy brands today. We are following the consumer, and they're telling us that that, in fact, is the most contemporary way to proceed, and that is modern-day brand building. And so we think that we're offering both a differentiated approach to the market as well as something that's incredibly compelling to our fans, enthusiasts, kids and other audiences around the world. And that's what's being borne out. The blueprint is – the strategy that we're employing and we see those revenues from our consumer products business as important as and an opportunity to expand our operating profit beyond just what our Toys and Games business can provide. But recognize that our franchise – but I recognize that our Franchise Brands inherently even within our toy business, enjoy higher operating margin than our partner brands because, of course, they have lower royalties to be paid out.
Brian D. Goldner: Games was flattish. It was up in the U.S., down a little bit internationally, but we have a number of games that grew within the quarter. In fact, a raft of games including Dungeons & Dragons, which is really on a tear, Risk, Scrabble, Trouble, Life, Candy Land, CLUE and OUIJA were all up in the quarter. And we're seeing great sell-through of our games. Our Games POS was up in the first quarter in the U.S., and up in many markets around the world. And so down a little bit internationally, but we view a lot of that as just timing on some of our new games initiatives.
Brian D. Goldner: No, that was inclusive of currency, because we didn't retranslate that number, so that includes the declines relative to FX.
Brian D. Goldner: Look, I think that the Easter shift was a couple of weeks. It was – our week 14 this year versus week 16 a year ago. But we've seen strong POS since the very beginning of the year. And that strong POS has continued post-Easter. I said Easter on Easter. This year we're up a bit so it was a bit stronger than Easter a year ago. But overall, what we're really seeing is great strength in our Franchise Brands as well as some great partner brand initiatives. The MARVEL business is performing incredibly well in the first quarter. Star Wars POS is up significantly in the first quarter behind both action figures and role play. We're very excited about the Star Wars entertainment even in this quarter of the year. So we're seeing kind of from strength to strength in terms of what's selling in the first quarter. We point out the impact of Easter only inasmuch as some shipments certainly have to happen before Easter in order to get on shelves. And we just think it's fair to be transparent about where Easter falls. In terms of the Entertainment and Licensing business, the payment for streaming rights, digital rights is only part of our Entertainment and Licensing business. We also saw considerable increases in the entertainment royalties, the licensing royalties around our brands. And we talked about the fact that we had very good holiday sales around Hasbro franchise brands and in several categories, we're up around the consumer product sales related to our brands that we get paid in terms of royalties and hit the Entertainment and Licensing category of our P&L.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. The port delays are certainly a negative – it's funny. They're certainly a negative in a few brands where some of the new spring initiatives have not gotten out as fully as they will in April and May. And so a lot of the teams – the marketing teams have noted that. Conversely, the fact that we had very strong carryover sales of brands like NERF actually benefited us, because we had such good sales of NERF around the holiday period. We didn't have the spring initiatives, but our carryover items have sold incredibly well, and NERF's POS is up significant double-digits in the first quarter and grew considerably in the first quarter. So I do think that there's some puts and takes. Overall the port strike has been a negative. I certainly wouldn't characterize it as a positive. But we're working through that. And we said for the full year we didn't expect that to impact revenue.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we had a similar arrangement probably three years ago that we talked about. And what happens is we recognize the revenue when we deliver the series. So as we had this payment come in, in the first quarter and delivered most of the series that are under the agreement, we recognized most of the revenue in that period. And you also see the amortization expense going along with that. That's why we highlighted – we have a few more higher line items in the quarter than we would expect for the full year.
Deborah M. Thomas: I would just point that we really did benefit from our product mix in the quarter. So it was a larger mix of our Franchise Brands helped us including MAGIC: THE GATHERING as well as the digital streaming deal that we signed. And our Entertainment and Licensing segment overall is up particularly the licensing part of the business.
Deborah M. Thomas: We also mentioned, Eric, that we had – we referred back to our full-year estimates on amortization. A lot of this revenue was included in our estimates when we set up our alternates for amortizing the products. So what you continue to see is the amortization that had already been built into our revenue estimates for the full year.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we continue to have – we had a slightly larger impact from foreign exchange obviously because of the magnitude in the quarter. You've got a fairly small revenue quarter compared to the rest of the year. So a bit higher foreign exchange impact than we would normally expect to see. And as we said, we've hedged a fair amount of our product purchases, probably about the same level as we'd hedged last year, obviously, at declining rates through this year. So what you're seeing is the benefit of favorable foreign exchange product cost hedges in the first quarter and larger than average impact. As a matter of fact, the impact on our revenue from foreign exchange was about 9% of our total reported revenues. And if you recall, we said at Toy Fair that at rates existing at that point in time, had those rates continued through the year, our 2014 full-year revenue would have been about $250 million less. Well, in fact, the dollar's continued to strengthen. So if you looked at that impact at current rates, our revenues would have been about $310 million less. And as the euro continues to move toward parity, if the euro actually hits parity that would probably put another $60 million to $65 million negative impact on those revenues. So for the full year, we continue to see the impact of foreign exchange will be a headwind. Because of the size of the quarter, it was slightly larger than it would typically be, but we do continue to think it would still be around that 10% to 15% impact to revenue will impact earnings per share.
Deborah M. Thomas: The digital streaming revenue does primarily come in one big chunk. So that's why, if you recall, Tim, I said it made things a little bit lumpy at the time. We'd say it's just a bit lumpy. But again, it's been built into our models. And that's why we've continued to say that our amortization for the full year will be consistent with last year, because obviously that number is impacted significantly. As far as foreign exchange, you're right. I mean, the way numbers have moved and rates have moved and the dollar has strengthened, even from Toy Fair, has had an additional impact to us. If we looked at last year's revenue, it'd be about a $60 million additional negative impact to the year. And you can add another $60 million on that if the euro goes to parity. So as we watch how rates go throughout the year, it will have an impact on revenue.
Deborah M. Thomas: We've hedged about the same level as we did a year ago. And each month is a little bit different. Think about we have this rolling hedging program, as a matter of fact, after year-end, we'd had even put in more hedges to go out through 2019. So, you think about as you layer those hedges on at different times, they're at different rates, and you get different flow-through of positive impact to the gross margin. For us, we've always said we don't speculate, we do it really to protect our product pricing. So we know what we have to price our products at in the various markets over time.
Deborah M. Thomas: And we still see opportunity in the various emerging markets that we're in now to continue to expand our market share and for growth as those markets grow as well. And outside of that, I mean, we talked about some other markets, we specifically spoke at Toy Fair about some growth in Indonesia and some Asia markets as we go forward. But nothing certainly of the size in investment that we've had in places like Russia or Brazil where they're just very large countries.
