Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the revenues year-to-date as a company, we're up 9% year-to-date in revenues. The U.S. was down 2% year-to-date in revenues; International, up 27%. Thus far, in the fourth quarter, we have made up those revenues in shipments for the first 3 weeks in the first -- our fourth quarter, and so again, we would be even in the U.S. to year-ago in shipments.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, exactly. A year ago, we had the $0.30 dilution, and this year, we'll have nothing like that. And so again, on track. The shows are being placed around the world, 142 markets around the world, and most networks are buying 3 or more shows, more than 75%. So the TV is on track, and we're seeing some great ratings growth more recently on The Hub. So again, those long-term plans are in place.
Brian D. Goldner: We won't typically provide guidance like that, but suffice it to say, we do have a lot of new initiatives as well as new marketing energy behind the Games business, as well as great new merchandising plans that are a major improvement to 2010. So we feel good about where we are going in the fourth quarter for the Games business and then into 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that for the most part, if you look at the quarter, and then for the full year -- I don't have the specific forecast of the Boys business. But overall, the Boys business has performed well year-to-date. The TRANSFORMERS business has continued to perform very well. So again, I think that as we've said, our indication, given the strong POS that we're seeing in the U.S. and the momentum that we're seeing in POS into the fourth quarter, we feel good about that business for the full year.
Brian D. Goldner: So we've mentioned on the call, in the formal notes that the TRANSFORMERS business right now is tracking very strongly. In fact, the POS that we're seeing now is very strong. It's very strong in mature markets around the world, in some markets up over 100%, as are shipments in several mature markets around the world and emerging markets. We said that we believe now we will come in between the $482 million we reported in 2007 and $594 million that we reported in 2009. And a lot of new initiatives there. Things that are performing very well include KRE-O, as well as our Rescue Bots, Preschool segments of that business. And so we're seeing great broad consumer takeaway.
Brian D. Goldner: We've got a lot of areas in our underlying business that are performing quite well, in the new Elefun Busy Ball Popper, particularly, in the Preschool heroes line -- PLAYSKOOL Heroes line, particularly focused on the TRANSFORMERS Rescue Bots on the Marvel Preschool as well as Star Wars. So again, overall, clearly, we intend for Sesame Street to be one of the major contributors to our Preschool business. So it's kind of collectively showing some good momentum both in the U.S. and around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. This year, a number of new initiatives in the KRE-O business, which to this year, of course, is focused on our TRANSFORMERS brand, is off to a great start in 8 countries around the world. And we'll roll that out to the rest of the territories in 2012. Our Super Soaker business was up significantly year-on-year and the teams really rethought that business. Our NERF business continues to perform exceedingly well in the international markets, and we're seeing great growth across geographies. The VORTEX line is just hitting retail now and already seeing some great takeaway there. Our Marvel business and Star Wars business this year are down versus a year ago.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think what had, had happened a year ago was a different -- a change in plans that really was never executed a year ago. This year, the plans are very significant. We feel very good about the plans and the execution of those plans happening earlier in the holiday season albeit still late, because our Board Game business sell-through is particularly late with 50% of our sales happening in the last 6 weeks. But we feel very good about marketing around games, the focus again on the kids, the takeaway we're seeing on products like MONOPOLY Electronic Banking, as we're focusing on kids advertising, CONNECT 4 and the new launchers product, BOP IT! XT, SIMON FLASH as well as YAHTZEE Flash and SCRABBLE Flash. So across the board, we're seeing some great initiatives from us. The marketing, and then the merchandising plans, I think, have significantly improved this holiday season versus a year ago.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that if you look at the combination of the U.S. business year-to-date being down 2% in shipments, the inventories being down 9.4%, third quarter POS being up 8%, Play POS being up double digits, Games POS improving, the number of new initiatives we have for the holidays and a refocus on our Games business and merchandising and advertising, I think the empirical evidence indicates and certainly supports our belief that we can deliver meaningful growth in revenues and EPS this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the growth in inventories, year-on-year, that we have, nearly 70% of those inventories are focused on international markets. The remaining roughly 1/3 is focused on the U.S. business, which is consistent with the growth rates we've seen both domestically and internationally and again would point us in the direction of meaningful revenues and EPS growth for the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Appreciate the question. Actually, we read with great interest and sort of seeing the similarities. If you look most recently at the Walt Disney Company, having recently worked with filmmakers to bring down the budget of the Lone Ranger movie, and yet then greenlit movie at a lower budget level for 2013, have just slated it for 2013. That's the same process we've been going through on the OUIJA movie and brand, albeit not at that type of budget level. And we -- we're reworking that budget, but the script is in good shape. We're polishing the script right now and have a producer on board. We would expect that, that movie would be back with a studio very shortly. It's part of the process. In addition, the deal with Universal does continue to include STRETCH ARMSTRONG and does continue to include CANDY LAND as some of the properties that they are going to look at for production. Obviously, as you know, BATTLESHIP for 2012 goes into theaters April of 2012 around the world, and in May domestically. And that's one of the major initiatives between Hasbro and Universal. And we'll have a full product line around that, which I look forward to showing you, when everyone comes in to Rhode Island in early November. In addition to that, we have a MICRONAUTS movie in development now, and script's being written with our producing partner J.J. Abrams, and that deal has been done over at Paramount. We are developing and writing a script right now for MONOPOLY, for RISK, for CLUE. And we have a couple of other projects that are yet to be named that we haven't yet talked about. So again, our business continues in earnest. The process of honing a budget for a script is part of the process, as the economics of the movie business change, and we're actively developing all these movies right now.
Brian D. Goldner: Preschool x Sesame Street, year-to-date, is -- looking at some numbers -- is down. I don't have it overall broken out quite like that, but overall, the rest of the business is down a bit.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure, Margaret. I'll start off, and then maybe Deb will pick up as well. Over the last couple of years, we talked about becoming globally capable, the ability to take our brands out, reimagine and reinvent those brands around the world. And over the last couple of years, we've opened offices, Hasbro sales and marketing offices or subsidiaries in 11 new territories. In order to do that this year, we needed a step up both in marketing and sales personnel globally as well as licensed personnel, and that's the significant investment we made in SD&A. It's really a step-up that this was a onetime step-up when we would see some nominal increases in SD&A go forward, consistent with running the business, providing raises and salaries and increases and leases or cost of space, but nothing like this year. So as Deb mentioned, we begin to get significant leverage out of those increases as we go forward.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We do have a couple of movies from Marvel that have already been announced in Iron Man 3 and Thor 2. As you imagine, with the success of a franchise like TRANSFORMERS, we are in active discussions with our great partners at Paramount, with Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg and our writer to talk about what's next on TRANSFORMERS. And hopefully, I'll have some more news to share with you in the next quarter.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're not going to comment at this point. But again, we're making great progress overall. As you know, the ratings on The Hub, as well as our domestic -- our international placement of TV shows now being in a 142 countries, which was ahead of the news we'd given you earlier in the year. So again, the teams were making great progress internationally, as well as the early signs, as we put those shows on air with both the ratings that we're garnering, as well as the POS increases we're seeing on brands. It's all pointing in a positive direction and is consistent with our long-range plan in the TV arena.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Our distribution has increased organically to about 61 million homes over the period. Our conversations with MSOs around additional rolldowns or additional distribution gains are going quite well, although we're not going to report any news at this point, but are going quite well. The ratings momentum that we're seeing more recently certainly has a good bearing on the number of new advertisers we're garnering. We're now over 120 new advertisers to the channel versus where we were with Discovery Kids. Our advertising year-on-year, as you would imagine, is up significantly. Our affiliate fees increase more organically in line with the long-term contracts we have with MSOs. So again, long-term plan for The Hub is consistent with what our strategic plan was over the long term. Internationally, we're ahead of plan, with 142 countries taking our programming. Now at this point, several major kids networks are already reporting some great ratings, having just begun airing our shows. And 3/4 of those deals are for 3 or more series, recognizing that we'll have a second wave of new series that will go out to the international markets over the next year or so.
Brian D. Goldner: It's a great point, and clearly, when we do have television following a movie year, the brand does perform considerably better. If we look at '10 versus 2008, for example, there's a -- was a significant difference in the dropoff. We would expect a dropoff from a -- to a non-movie year to be more consistent with a year where we had television. We had foregone that a year ago, in order to line up our television launch with the launch of The Hub.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. If you look at POS overall we have tried to look at some of the measures where we have them. In a lot of the major markets around the world, our POS is up strong double digits, so we have good data from Mexico, France, U.K., Germany and Spain. And all those markets are -- POS is indicated as significantly stronger.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we've planned more significant initiatives this year, if you think about the number of brands and products that are on those top-toy lists. Having about 20 this year was certainly more than a year ago. As well, the merchandising plans and promotional plans of our retail partners is indicative of having some greater success with those initiatives. So whether it's in the NERF business, whether it's in the LITTLEST PETSHOP business, the MY LITTLE PONY business, our KRE-O brand, which is brand new, and FURREAL FRIENDS, across the board, we have some major new initiatives and innovation, a number of different price points which offer both great value and our brands that consumers want.
Brian D. Goldner: It's Brian. Good morning. If you look overall, what Deb was talking about, if you take the roughly $25 million a quarter in additional SD&A step-up this year, it's inclusive of our personnel at Hasbro Studios, which led -- which had to lead the actual initiatives in revenues in Hasbro Studios. It was in licensing personnel, which we needed prior to getting the additional revenues in licensing. It was in marketing and sales personnel, as we opened new subsidiaries. So that step-up is now going to be concluded at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. Go forward, any additional increases in SD&A are more, I'll call them, organic, consistent with a payroll increase or a lease cost or something along those lines to run the business, but nothing like the 2011 period. We're really hitting a peak of incremental spending with our intention to be -- to deliver additional leverage and earnings power, as we become a more globally capable competitor. Recognize, our brands have been in markets for decades, but were handled by distributors. So many of our brands have been in the markets for 20, 30 years, but were handled at a much lower level, a much more modest level, because they were handled by distributors in Latin America and Asia-Pacific and in Europe. So in taking those brands on and having our own marketing and sales personnel, we have this great opportunity for significant revenues growth and earnings growth, as you're beginning to see in this quarter and as we go forward, with not a significant step-up in expenditure from 2011 to 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. For the most part, with the exception of MY LITTLE PONY and some Chuck and Friends, the toy product is not out in markets yet. It's just really beginning to roll out into markets. Transformers: Prime in particular and the rest of MY LITTLE PONY as we roll out the television, will begin in earnest in 2012, consistent with our plans. And so that's -- for us, that's really where you'll start to see the integration of extensive programming placement along with the availability of toys and licensed products associated with these brands. And it's heartening to see, while we've made investments in our license personnel, that year-to-date, our licensing revenue in each category is up versus a year ago, so in Boys, Girls, Games, as well as across the -- each category. So that's been helpful as we create these placements and toys -- or excuse me, in TV to be able to see that the license revenues are increasing.
Brian D. Goldner: The performance of our TRANSFORMERS business outside the U.S. has been phenomenal. And TRANSFORMERS box office, if you think about international box office, take 2007's movie for a moment, the box office of the 2007 TRANSFORMERS movie is not as big as the international box office performance of the 2011 movie. So as they're building more multiplexes in Russia, in China and Brazil, as the movie box office increases dramatically there, as people move into the middle class, as there's more disposable income in those emerging territories, motion picture business from both Hasbro, as well as our great partners in Lucasfilm and Marvel, play a key role in building our overall business. And so again, feel very good about the ability to be part of that part of the business. Having said that, brands like NERF, FURREAL FRIENDS, PLAY-DOH are brands that are showing exceptional growth globally. And so again, it's not just about our movie business or the TV business, but it is that branded play, that balance between all those different categories where we can drive growth.
Brian D. Goldner: No, I don't think we would -- I don't think we have that in here. We'd have to follow up on that note. I think it's important to note, and maybe to provide some additional color to the idea of motion pictures -- and now I understand a bit of what maybe the question was. We're not just launching the same types of product lines for each of the major motion picture initiatives for 2012, so there are some great and significant differences between what we can do with Star Wars that kicks off the year and lots of role play and other great new initiatives there. And the Avengers, BATTLESHIP is a totally different kind of complementary product line, not just -- not action figures per se, but in the gaming arena as well as some other new categories for us. G.I. Joe, different still, so -- and of course, Spider-Man is both a great role play of action figures. So there's some great complementary new product initiatives within those brands, and so it's not just all in the same category but across the departments in the store.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you look at the International business, the other categories are down just by a tad year-to-date as well as in the quarter. So our feeling is with the fourth quarter initiatives in International and the fact that the International businesses tends to be more significantly later, we feel good about the categories across the board. In the U.S., I think it just has to do a lot with some of the timing, particularly as we look at Games and Girls. We've had some great growth in several of our Girls brands, both domestically and internationally, including FURREAL FRIENDS, MY LITTLE PONY, picked up first domestically behind the television and the new toys here. We're just beginning that process internationally. So that's where you might see some differences. On NERF, we're growing that brand very significantly, globally and through new geographies, whereas the U.S., we are staging the VORTEX launch just now. So again, a bit of a timing difference between international territories and domestic.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think the difference is where we don't have full capacity like a brand like KRE-O, where we can't roll out every market at once. We're seeing great success in the 7, 8 territories where we've launched, but we need to get into 2012 to get to the rest of the geographies for the TRANSFORMERS line. That's the case where you would see more particularly a lag.
Deborah Thomas: Certainly. The -- from a foreign exchange standpoint, we could see a drop in the euro and pound and the Australian dollar and Mexican peso late at the end of the third quarter. However, it did -- it was still positive over where we sat in 2010. We did not have a significant impact at all on our gross margins from foreign exchange. As a matter of fact, we had a slightly positive impact because of favorable hedges that we had put in place last year. So for us, foreign exchange, while it did have a positive impact, which we highlighted on the top line, it did not have a significant or meaningful impact overall to the P&L for the quarter.
Deborah Thomas: Sean, we did have a small amount of discrete charges, kind of like we have every quarter, less than a few million dollars. But really, what we're seeing is, and we talked about, was the greater leverage we're getting from our International business. And as a matter of fact, the leverage coming through being better than we had originally expected. Based on the unit -- the segment's performance, we actually are finding that the underlying tax rate is coming in lower, because we are earning more internationally than we had originally expected. So really, that's what's driving the change in the rate in the quarter, the strength of the International business.
Deborah Thomas: We do. On TV, we expect Hasbro's program production amortization for the year to be between $35 million and $45 million.
Deborah Thomas: It was really a ramping thing and how the revenue is coming through. And on The Hub itself, I know we said in the second quarter, we had expected this quarter to be more like the first quarter. For The Hub in our non-op expense, we'd expect the fourth quarter to be similar to this quarter, not to go back to the profit that we saw last quarter, but along the similar lines of this quarter.
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think as we've looked at the prior quarters, we've seen about a $25 million impact per quarter. So as we sit and look through and -- to the full year, if we just roll that step change amount through to the full year while keeping SD&A at 20% or below of revenue, that's really how we would quantify it.
Deborah Thomas: I think, we're -- certainly, where we saw our stock price get to in the quarter, we thought it was a very opportunistic time to buy back the shares in line with our plan. We do have remaining amount under our authorization at the end of the third quarter of $263.5 million. And we -- we'll certainly look to the market and be opportunistic in our repurchases there.
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I'd agree. I mean, a lot of the inventory increase versus a year ago is to support our International business. We're in more markets, and we're growing rapidly, so that's fine.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. We clearly don't get as good retail inventory information overseas as we do in the U.S. But I think overall, our retail inventories are in good shape and aren't excessive, but should support the growth of our business, which we're anticipating, which has been fairly significant all year. And we're not seeing that necessarily changing.
David D. R. Hargreaves: If you look at our month-end rate for quarter end rate this year compared to the quarter-end at last year, it's not having a material impact on the inventory.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I mean, I think our retail partners are sort of -- have planning sort of fairly robust season. Certainly, as we talk to them at the moment, they all plan that their business with us will be up this year and are starting with low inventory, which is good. I think there is a degree of caution around that. As we all know, the economy is not in great shape. We've still got high unemployment. So I think they are certain level of cautious, but they're certainly planning the business to be up.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think, thus far, we're virtually seeing a bit of a shift in -- to FOB later in the year. But I think as traditionally, when you get into the very last part of the year, it is predominantly domestic. And I think that will clearly continue or be more so.
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think everyone recognizes that we came into the year with too much inventory at the retailers. And I think the fact that it is down to more appropriate levels is okay. There is still enough there to support our fourth quarter growth objectives.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think at the end of the day, the price will be dependent on what our retailers choose to say to that. I do think that games are a tremendous traffic builder. They're a very good Christmas item, so I'm sure we will see games discounted in order to bring people into the store. Whether that's -- I would expect on average, probably the level of discounting is lower than last year, given that the level of inventories of games are down.
