Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think, Felicia, we're feeling very good about inventories both at Hasbro and at our retailers. If you look at the retailers, we're down nearly 40%, 39.9% or something in terms of gains. And overall, we're down 20%. We're down -- in addition to Games, we're down in Nerf, where we're a little bit long at the end of the year, but we're up in a lot of the new lines like Beyblade, we we're in short supply at the beginning of last year. We're up in Beyblade. We're up in My Little Pony, which is a brand that's doing very well for us at the moment. And the brands that has been experiencing some decline, like Littlest Pet Shop, we're down in Littlest Pet Shop, for example. So overall, as you look at our inventories, we're feeling good. We're longer where we've got momentum and the product's selling well and is driving up POS, and the brands that are moving a little bit less well at the moment, we're significantly down in those brands.
Brian D. Goldner: Our point-of-sale in the first quarter was up in the U.S., as we said, by 6%. And if you look Easter versus Easter, we're up as well in single digits.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Again, I think we have major innovations. We're seeing those brands doing very well. Obviously, Battleship is up year-over-year. Magic: The Gathering is performing exceedingly well, up probably nearly 40% in the quarter. We're seeing things like Monopoly, with the Electronic Banking, perform very well. So again, a range of where there are innovations, a range of games that are performing well. In fact, as we look at it, a few categories of games like children's games and preschool games were actually up in terms of POS in the quarter. So I think what we're seeing is, as we're applying more innovation, as we're beginning the process of reinventing and reimagining that business, and we have a number of new initiatives that are first launching now like the Fighter Pods as well as Bot Shots now, and then in the second half of year, whether it's Lazer Tag or a number of other new initiatives that are coming, we feel very good about our plan for Games and our guidance that we've provided, again, stabilizing the business in '12, growing it for '13.
Brian D. Goldner: It's been off to a good start. Again, it's a -- spring is always about creating the marketing and impression around the brand. We start to see the volumes going. But you're going to see a number of brands that marry iPads or iPhones or that hybridization of games where you have the -- both digital and analog together, and they're off to a very good start.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. In fact, Rob, if you look across the entertainment brands, Star Wars was up significantly in the quarter, as you indicate. But so was Marvel, and we are seeing great early success from Avengers. We feel very good about the Marvel brand overall, that was up significantly in the quarter. G.I. Joe was up in the quarter. Beyblade was flat in the quarter. Transformers as a brand was flat in the quarter. Battleship was up significantly in the quarter. And then a kind of an entertainment brand of a difference sort, Sesame Street was up in the quarter. But so was My Little Pony, up in the quarter behind television. And we also, if you go underneath, Transformers and the Prime, Transformers Prime, the TV related product line where we have TV shows airing around the world, 160-plus [ph] countries, that too was off to a very strong start. So the premise around -- our premise around both television-supported initiatives as well as movies initiatives are working, albeit early days. And I would just remind you in terms of -- as you think about quarter-on-quarter revenues, remember that next quarter, the second quarter, you're going to see that motion picture revenue versus a year ago and things like Transformers be much stronger. So again, it's that mix of Transformers overtime that will change what we're seeing. But underneath Transformers, a little more color, is that we're beating the trend on the year after for movie-related or Boys' action-related product lines. And then the Transformers Prime, Bot Shots and some of our other initiatives, like KRE-O, the new brand KRE-O, are making up that difference, and that's how we get back to virtually flat.
Brian D. Goldner: We were. We were -- particularly, as we were chasing product in the U.S. In U.S., we're seeing very strong point-of-sale albeit not as strong shipments versus a year ago, only in that we're working -- had been working through some of the early inventories. But the point of sale is very, very strong and similarly catching up on year-ago inventory in international markets.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, in fact, if you look back to what we had outlined for you, in fact, what we're saying is that 2% to 4% of our annualized revenue is one could expect to see in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year versus historical trends. So in fact, we do expect that we will get that back more in line with consumer demand. It's been a partnership between us and the retailers to ensure we're dropping retail inventories at the right places. Meanwhile, we're bringing in lot of new initiatives, so whether it's Dizzy Dancers or Transformers Bot Shots or Fighter Pods and Star Wars. So you're seeing a lot of new initiatives get up and underway, as well as rolling out KRE-O around the world in Transformers and Battleship KRE-O in 10 markets. So it's really that combination. I would say that it is all about the inventory management. It's the reason why the inventories are down. And obviously, our POS has been up, so we're also selling through inventory.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at our licensing revenues and digital year-over-year, they're running about a year ago, a little bit down versus a year ago. But that's just as we transition from console gaming to some of the online and mobile gaming, but again very strong revenues overall continue in our digital gaming. Obviously, we have some protections around trademarks, but there's play patterns and copyrights that you can't protect. And so one of the strategies we've had proactively over the last couple of years since '07 as we signed the deal with EA and then, more recently, with Activision, has been to ensure that our games are out there. And so we have, I think over the period, over 75 Games brands EA has launched and titles that they've launched for Hasbro in the digital arena and with good operating profit margins for us as a partner in all of that. As we go forward, clearly, we've reached out to some of these partners, and our long-term deal now with Zynga enables us to take advantage of some of their development. And certainly, anything that Zynga has would be something that we'll develop. And we're going to develop it in a way that really as additive, not just exploitive of the online property. So you'll see this fall our new launches, which we haven't outlined yet. The new launches for this fall literally add to the play in a way that you haven't been able to play before online. And then in doing so, in our analog game, it enhances the online play, and then the online play in turn would enhance the analog play. So you'll see that we're going to marry up our brands in a number of ways. You have fully digital versions, hybridized versions, versions on the iPad and versions on mobile, but also brand new ways to think about what we might call, broadly speaking, board gaming and off-the-board gaming as we go forward.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, thus far, Margaret, Beyblade is basically flat. Obviously, we've guided everyone to not expect that as we go forward. But it's very heartening to see the kinds of POS gains we're seeing in the U.S. and several countries around the world. We had mentioned to you, we were going try to buck historical trends by adding new innovations to Beyblade, which we are adding and will both be expressed in toys as well as expressed in the animation and the series itself, which is new for the brand versus the last time it was launched. Let's see, on Avengers, it did contribute to the quarter. And I don't think we give like quarterly numbers. But it did contribute to the quarter, we began shipping Avengers. But overall, we feel very strongly the Avengers is going to perform very well in the marketplace. What's heartening about the Marvel business for us is not only is it growing in the U.S., but it's growing more quickly internationally as we work with Marvel globally to really build this business. And so we're seeing great uptake on Avengers and anticipation and excitement around Spider-Man that follows. And we also have a lot of classic product. And the Marvel business will also be supported by a number of animated shows, both here in the U.S. and outside the U.S. around the world. So again, the Marvel business for us, we had always seen as a significant contributor, plus side contributor, and it's bearing out.
Brian D. Goldner: It just -- it takes a bit longer. A lot of preschool products are language-dependent so you have to take the time in order to translate those products into multiple different languages. So that takes a few more quarters, and then we want to coordinate that with the television episodes that are airing around the world. So I think you'll just see that happen, it's just -- again, it's a matter of timing.
Brian D. Goldner: Well , I think what's interesting is that, in fact, and what we've done in the U.S. as part of employing the strategy has been to up the advertising and to work through good products in the springtime, driving POS or the product lines that were good albeit not shipped in necessarily in the quarter, driving down that inventory and beginning to ship a lot of new initiatives in a lot of these brands. And you'll see more of that as we get into the second half and across the brand portfolio, whether it's Nerf or Pet Shop or Pony or in our Games business, a raft of new initiatives there widely supported by retailers not only here in the U.S. but globally. So I think it's been part of our expressed strategy. It's something we outlined for you last fall and, again, in February. And I would say we are absolutely executing the plan we intended to execute in 2012. David, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Brian D. Goldner: It also allows us to be more responsive as we start to see product lines accelerate. We're able to ship more of those inventories, and we're already seeing that in the first quarter where we're able to -- where we'd look at new product lines that have begun quite strongly in certain regions or territories. Star Wars Fighter Pods, Avengers, Transformers Bot Shot, where we're able to fill that inventory because we haven't already put inventory into play.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We -- as I was looking at the numbers, what we're really seeing, as we said, is Transformers overall as a brand is relatively flat year-on-year. And that has to do with new Games initiatives and our Preschool initiative with our Rescue Bot line. Overall, if you look at the Boys business, it's tracking better than one would expect on a year-over-year decline in following a movie year. So typically, we would see about a 50% decline, and we're tracking more strongly than that in the first quarter, recognized that we had the benefit of a DVD out in the fourth quarter, lots of excitement around the Transformers brand as people see that and still shipping Transformers-related movie product and selling it through in the first quarter. So right now, we are down around 30% versus historical level of 50%.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think it's been -- really, it's a shift in thought process and a shift in strategy. There was a day many years ago, actually -- and now, as we think about it, not that many years ago, that you could make a new game, "game brand" and you have a game SKU and a TV commercial and you'd be off to the races. And what we've really recognize now is you need a raft of innovations, you need to really think about that brand across multiple platforms and you need to focus on fewer brands and -- much more intensely. And so in doing so, like Magic: The Gathering is a perfect example and very emblematic of what we've done, which is to develop the online Magic: The Gathering online game, a digital game that marries up with the analog game to go back out to lapsed users, the team's done a very effective job of getting lapsed users as well as new users into the analog, meaning paper-based trading card game around the world but also marrying that with any number of iterations of digital game play. That's -- to me, that's a great example of what you're going to see from us in developing that ecosystem both in our own brands as well as our partnered brands alongside Zynga, alongside of EA, alongside of Activision.
Brian D. Goldner: So on the first point, Battleship now, we've gotten some final numbers in this -- early this morning from the weekend. So after just 12 days, we've done nearly $130 million, $129.6 million at the global box office, very strong starts around the world, #1 in a number of markets around the world, in Asia, in Europe, in Russia. So again, really bearing out our strategy. In terms of our participation, as we get participation, which we are a first-dollar gross participant on this film, that would appear as revenue in the Entertainment and Licensing segment of the business. Although, I'm not going to guide you as to what that could be. But again, it's an improvement versus our prior deals that we had made as we get or established in...
Brian D. Goldner: Right. And in terms of the buybacks, I think it's a matter of us looking at our cash throughout the year, utilization of cash versus short and long-term debt and making good decisions about how to return excess cash to shareholders, recognizing that a lot of our cash is now held offshore. So again, we've guided around remembering last year that we were buying back shares more aggressively based on our week.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think the biggest element there has been -- as the U.S. business is down in the first quarter, clearly, that's impacted the Girls business in particular and a couple of brands. Pet Shop has been down. It's down more in the U.S. than internationally. And FurReal Friends year-over-year in the first quarter is certainly down as we transition out of some product lines and into the early days of Dizzy Dancers. And those 2 things have an impact in the quarter, given that it's a low revenues quarter overall. And then, as we've said, Littlest Pet Shop is now planned for the new animation as well as a whole new line in the fall. FurReal Friends, in addition to Dizzy Dancers, which is off to a strong start, has number of new brand. And then Baby Alive, that had modest growth in the quarter, has a lot of new initiatives in the second half of the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Games is -- Games was down in POS 5.8% around in the first quarter, but recognize that's far above the decline in inventories and in sell-in. So we're selling down and selling through those inventories. A number of Games brands certainly performed well in the quarter. We have strong sell-through in Transformers Bot Shots and Fighter Pods, as well as Monopoly and Battleship. And there's a few other brands I probably haven't mentioned, but certainly, in that mix, we're also selling through inventories of the Games.
Brian D. Goldner: You would see the entertainment line trend up as we get paid for our TV shows. The TV shows have to be delivered and, therefore, they have to be translated into multiple languages and we have to -- we have different windows of airing around the world for those shows. But as we start to put those shows on the air, we get paid for the episodes. And that's what you're beginning to see, but again, it's early days. But the early indications, if you look at the impact from television, the early indications in the U.S. throughout Latin America, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, I mean, every market really where Transformers Prime is now running, we're seeing strong point-of-sale trends.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, yes, obviously, we can do some math and we can look at how the box office has performed with our participation.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Operating profit margin is to get more normalized, and I think I would look back to years like 2010 as a good guidepost, and we would like to get there or close to that by the end of this year. So that would be for the full year 2012, the U.S. and Canada segment. Operating profit margin would be similar to 2010's level, not '11's. And to -- as we say, versus '11, we would be therefore up, and that to us is back to more historical levels and operating profit margin. And then at go forward, we would drive off of that number.
Brian D. Goldner: No. Fighter Pods and Bot Shots are not considered board games, but they're in the broader definition of games, just as BOP IT! is in Games or Lazer Tag is in Games.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, let me look. Board games, the board game business was certainly down in the quarter, not down as much as inventories were down in the quarter. As we said, inventories were down 40% in the quarter. We're seeing some positive areas within board games as I mentioned. For example, Monopoly and some places where we have electronic banking and some of the early innovations that were out there either from fall or in springtime. And we would expect to see more of that in the second half of the year and -- as well, we will be launching the line of Zynga-based games, and that will be happening in the second half of 2012 as well. So that's where we are.
Brian D. Goldner: I think you'll see it's kind of an all-platform strategy. The team has done a very good job in looking at how consumers make decisions about purchases, particularly in mature markets and certainly particularly in the U.S., recognizing the importance of digital platforms. You're going to certainly see an array of new digital marketing elements. Television is still important, and you'll see us focus on TV when we believe there's the highest propensity to drive consumer demand around Hasbro's strong brands and innovations. So it's really -- it's a kind of an all-mediums approach to marketing.
Brian D. Goldner: It's going to be -- if you look at Nerf, the biggest decline in Nerf year-over-year is really in the U.S. business. So that had to do, as David mentioned, with the fact that we did have too much inventory on that brand than we've been selling through. The sell-through on that brand has been very good in this first quarter, and we do have some new initiatives around the glow-in-the-dark products in the springtime, as well as a lot of darts promotions. And so we've seen sell-through and lots of promotion around that brand. So again, that's really been the biggest element there in terms of the drag on the business.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. And then the other thing, Michael, to know is we had a complete reinvention of the core dart business, which we did not have last fall. If you remember last fall, with Vortex, we added a new form factor in the disk caters [ph]. But this fall, we have new dart-related business, Nerf Elite line, which is brand new to the business and will allow for there to be a number of SKUs in the favorite -- fan-favorite dart business that are brand new and much higher performance.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think we've certainly, over the last year, expanded the number and types of play patterns and the different kinds of innovations, whether it's Preschool, Transformers with Rescue Bots and our new play pattern that's easier to transform for littler hands. In Bot Shots, which is a brand new play pattern in Transformers, which is doing very well early this year as we launched it, that's a new play pattern, although its action figures and it's merchandised in the Boys isle. Fighter Pods within Star Wars, which is a whole new play pattern. So you're going to see from us a raft of new innovations in a short while, coming out, I believe, May 1, will start with -- and we told you about BONKAZONKS. And BONKAZONKS is all around the Marvel brands and a fun -- really a fun, new way to play action figures collect. So it's both the collectability of action figures, as well as a fun new battling kind of a play pattern. So when I talk about the game-ification of play, this is what we're thinking about, that so many of our brands have the opportunity to provide these new innovative ways to play, and so we're out really doing that proactively and we've been doing this for some time. Hence, we're launching these new initiatives now. The last area, I would say, is that as we see the growth of KRE-O around the world, we're really reemphasizing the innovation strategy there. There are things that we understand about that business being the Boys action business that we can really bring to KRE-O as we roll out, and that's why we're seeing such good early success.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you look, our POS and Preschool was actually very strong in the quarter. So I think it's a matter of looking at Preschool again a bit differently. Our Play-Doh business is part of our Preschool business, and while it was only up a bit in revenues, the POS as we start to ship new play sets and new innovations as -- was quite strong in the quarter. If you look within Playskool Heroes, that whole category is really performing well, with Transformers Rescue Bots, the Star Wars Jedi Force and the Marvel Super Hero Squad, which is also on The Hub, and those have all strong performance. So I think it's different kinds of play patterns that are certainly working, and certainly Sesame Street is a major new contributor for us. So I just think it's early days, early in the year, and certainly our lowest revenue quarter year -- revenue quarter within the year. And so clearly, positive signs for us are the POS around our new initiatives.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, remember that our business outside the U.S. grew by 14% -- or 17% ex FX. So inventory -- pools of inventory are following sales. We have more territories, more new Hasbro marketing and sales teams and marketing and sales personnel selling Hasbro brands around the world than we ever have. And so as we build our capabilities and build brand blueprint, meaning TV on the air around our brands, motion pictures coming from our partners and from Hasbro, you are going to see a demand for more inventory because those markets need to feed consumer demand in those geographies. So that's a major driver of that. And then the U.S., clearly we have a lot of new initiatives. What we wanted to do is clear out the retailer shelves and clear out retail inventories so that we'd make room for our new initiatives that could benefit from the additional advertising and to guide you guys to say that, in fact, we are going to follow more of consumer demand and do that early enough so that you could be along there with us and on the same page as we go through this process.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. I guess, the way I would view it, I would view stable meaning we would be very pleased if we improve the rate of decline, is one way to look at it. But I would just look at it in simple terms, Tim, to be plus-or-minus a few percentage points in terms of revenue for the full year. And just a very simple way to look at it is if we were down a few percentage points in revenue this year, and our rate of decline was better than prior year's or it'd be up a bit if everything broke right for us. That would be -- to me, that's the range we're talking about. So both has those 2 components. It's stabilizing the rate of decline, and it's also looking at just overall revenues being plus-or-minus a few percent.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we certainly will have a number of brands of Zynga's activated across a number of different iterations for this fall. So that's on track, and there'll be a number of ways to play Zynga games in an analog space, as well as adding to the digital play in a really unique way, and I can't wait to tell you guys or for you guys to see what we're talking about there. But certainly an added enhancement, building on what I talked about as that ecosystem, one enhances the other and the other feeds the next in a virtuous circle. So that's certainly a part of our plan. If you look at the -- our opportunities in digital gaming as we go forward, certainly, we have great partnership with Electronic Arts that was signed in 2007. That deal goes through the end of 2013 on a number of Games brands. There's an opportunity to renew that under certain conditions for another 4 years, and we've talked to you guys about that. But there are Games brands that are available to us right now to go after and to look at and there's new ways to think about Zynga's brands that would benefit the analog space, and we're doing both of those things right now. And clearly, also Activision is working with us as we're also working in joint ventures with NetDragon and Jagex on sort of MMOG. So there's an array of ways that we're bringing to life our Games business across a number of platforms.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So John, if you look around the world, in fact, My Little Pony's on the air now in more than 160 countries, as is Transformers Prime. So we're actually seeing strong lifts in POS in early shipments around the world. Our POS and My Little Pony, for example, even in the U.S. was up over 50% in the quarter. Transformers was up very strongly around -- behind Prime in the quarter in the U.S. As we go around the world, we're seeing that My Little Pony in Latin America is up well more than 50%, whether it's Peru, Chile, Brazil, Mexico, Ecuador. So again, great point-of-sale gains. And it's really, our long stated premise but not -- it's not lost on everyone that television, particularly television outside the U.S. has historically driven merchandise sales and that's what we're seeing. On Transformers, the programming continues to drive and help us to drive our retail POS, whether it's Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong and Europe. The U.K, has seen significant growth in Transformers Prime in POS year-to-date, recognizing again it's still early days, but certainly a strong performance. As you look at The Hub, our growth on The Hub in the first quarter was up 32% in Kids total day, in our ratings. And Kids total day against kids 2 to 11 and it also grew with kids 6 to 11 and also grew with 18 to 49-year-olds. This is the second best quarter we've had since our start. And so again, it bodes well for the trends that Margaret and her team are putting together. Lots of new excitement as we bring on new series, and we get to our second and third seasons on some of our shows, as well as adding new shows like Kaijudo. So overall, very positive trend within television.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. So what we've sold thus far is really we've sold in Season 1 or Season 1 and 2 depending on the brands. Overall, we have green lit [ph], which doesn't mean they're all being -- had been produced. But we have green lit [ph] over 750 half hours of programming around all of our brand shows. Our brand shows are 6 of the top 10 rated shows on The Hub and outperforming, working with great partners around the world, whether it's Disney or Nickelodeon or Cartoon Network or Carousel in Russia, our shows are performing very well. And as we're trying to give you some early indication of POS, certainly contributing to our POS as well as contributing to revenues because both Pony was up in the quarter versus a year ago, and that wasn't just in U.S. but actually vast growth outside the U.S. And Transformers being flat, certainly Transformers Prime has contributed to helping us get back that gap that is what we've talked about a lot, that we didn't have -- in 2010, because we're waiting on the launch of The Hub, we didn't have an animated series throughout 2010. We do have that animated series in 2012, so we would expect the decline in Transformers to be less than a traditional 50% drop-off in a non-movie year. So I'm not sure how else to answer that but I'm trying to give you some color around it.
Brian D. Goldner: No. So most of the series began airing in roughly in the fourth quarter of 2011. So it's just been early days. So I would say you're in the Season 1 primarily. I would doubt that anywhere around the world has seen Season 2, although it's been produced. And we're also translating episodes as we speak. So I would say primarily, you're talking about Season 1 shows, and that is the first season of Transformers Prime, which was 26 episodes; the first season of My Little Pony, which I remember as being 26 episodes; Pound Puppies; Chuck & Friends in Preschool; and then some of our game show formats being translated and aired in countries around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that the way to think about it is, in the first and second quarters, it's been about -- particularly, in the first quarter, been a reduction of historical inventories. And also as David outlined, typically, the U.S. might do 25% of its revenue in the first quarter, whereas the total company might do 15% to 17% of its revenue in the first quarter. We're going to follow more of that pattern over the first and second quarter, just in terms of matching consumer demand and consumer takeaways so as to allow us to get visibility to those lines that are really performing, given that we've made so many strong strides and improvement in our supply chain. We're able to do that, more just-in-time inventory. And therefore, able to follow really the consumer takeaway patterns. So it's kind of an across-the-board approach. It's advertising when the consumer has a high propensity to buy. There are certainly mitigating factors within that, especially in 2012 as we have strong entertainment properties coming out in second quarter. But recognize we have strong comps to go up against versus a year ago in Transformers in particular. And so I think that as we view the year, we look at it as being -- the best way to view it is that if you take 2% to 4% of historical level annualized inventory and were to ship that, that's what we'd sort of describe to you guys back in November and again in February, I think some of you have understood that more than others.
Deborah Thomas: The improvement in gross margin really related to the product mix. In addition to that, we had some factory under absorption last year that we didn't have this year. And that was just -- really, it was about product mix and the pricing that we took early in the year.
Deborah Thomas: Well, that's correct, Felicia. I mean, most of the cash is offshore, and we've been trying to highlight it. As a matter of fact, the predominant amount of our cash at the end of this quarter, again, remains offshore. And we continue to expect to opportunistically repurchase in the market under our open authorization, however, at lower levels than 2011 and 2010.
Deborah Thomas: Well, the extra week really, because of the time of the year, when it comes, we talked about it being in the early part of the year. So it really didn't add anything significant in terms of revenue. However, by having an extra week of fixed expenses in the company, it impacted us by about $6 million in the quarter.
Deborah Thomas: Yes, we were. And for the full year, 50 -- I think we're looking at about $70 million in program production amortization.
Deborah Thomas: I think it's really just kind of the timing. If you look at and think about when we've talked before about looking at the trend of the amortization along the lines of our revenue in the quarter, that's probably why it's looking so low right now, so the amortization timing tends to follow basically the revenue trends.
Deborah Thomas: Right. And we do have a lot of those shows that are going to start to air a little bit later in the year.
Deborah Thomas: We do booked some when we start principal photography on the movie. So we did recognize that last year, maybe even late in '10. However, the box office revenue, when it begins to be reported to us, will be recognized through to Licensing. And as David mentioned, that was included -- there was an amount of that included in our plan when we gave our guidance for the year.
Deborah Thomas: Well, year-on-year, it's actually just the VAT receivable. So it's a timing issue on year-over-year.
Deborah Thomas: Tax receivable. Internationally, it's value-added tax. That's what's really causing it. It's just a timing issue.
Deborah Thomas: And they have been some of it, but it was so -- it was really the January and February compared to the March timing. So it really was a shift in the quarter, but it was February as much as March -- I mean, as much as January rather. So -- and that extra week helped as well, particularly internationally, where you get March -- the very last day of March being a big collection day.
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think we're going to make it both at the end of 2011 and at the end of 2010. Within the U.S., our retailer inventories were too high. So I think within our guidance this year, that we expect to grow revenues again. We actually are expecting a bit in the U.S. our POS grows by more than our shipments into the trade and we actually will finish the year with less retailer inventory than we've had in either the last 2 years.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I mean, the retailers are heading into the second quarter. And clearly, they've got inventory to sell. I think areas where we were long will certainly work that down, and it's at an adequate level. And we've got a lot of inventory -- or not a lot, but sufficient inventory of the new initiatives like The Avengers and Battleship, which are coming very shortly, and supply in terms of Beyblade now were fairly short a year ago. So I think we feel good about the overall quality of the inventory.
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, I think as we all know, most toy sell 50% in the last quarter of the year. And in international markets, in markets around the world, we tend to ship close to 40% in the last quarter of the year. In the U.S., working with the retailers, we tried to level or lower that a bit, and we've been shipping a lot more during the early part of the year and earning maybe 24% during the fourth quarter of the year. I think as we and retailers work together, we say that go forward, we need the shipping patterns to look -- need to look more like the international level. They had issues associated with shipping too much in -- early in the year. And to be honest, if you're going to give retailers flow allowances or warehouse allowances, then you're spending money against the retailer, which will be better spending against your consumer and your advertising. So I think with -- working with the retailers in the U.S., we're saying no, we won't be shipping it later in the year, more in line with consumer demand.
David D. R. Hargreaves: And we certainly planned for that in our plan. So the guidance we gave, we certainly assumed that we would be getting some revenues from Battleship participation.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, and I think in our international markets, where sales tend to come later as we said, Nerf is still very much a growing business.
John Taylor: So I got a couple of questions. First, on The Hub. I wonder if you could give us any sense, quantify for us what kind of lift you're seeing in the markets. I think you mentioned Sony, for instance. So is there any way to do a before and after, and kind of give us a sense for that? That's the first question for The Hub. And the second one is given all the timing issues related to amortization and stuff that folks were asking about before, I'm wondering what the first quarter episodes -- broadcasts versus episodes broadcast last year might have been like and kind of maybe what your outlook for the full year is versus full year of 2011? So 2 questions on Hub, and then I got another question.
John Taylor: Yes. I was wondering on the episodes side though, as you take the Hasbro programming global, kind of what your episode comparison looked like maybe first quarter and your outlook for the year.
John Taylor: I mean, 160 countries is -- that's a good headliner. But you just kind of wonder how many episodes are under each one of those and...
John Taylor: Yes. Just kind of getting at the broadcast episodes around the world, kind of how many half-hour segments have actually been shown? That kind of comparison as a unit revenue driver and cost driver kind of...
