Deb Thomas: Yes. No, I would just agree, Chris. I think we see 2022 was a bit of an anomaly in the order pattern early in the year. And we do expect to get back to those historical shipment patterns. We think retailers will closer to the holiday season, that's typical, and we also see that in our business. And with all the entertainment, we're really excited. 
Deb Thomas: Yes. I would just -- just to comment on the D&D. We will see some revenue coming through our Consumer Products division as well as Wizards of the Coast. And as I commented earlier, from an entertainment standpoint, based on when the movie is released and our share of the box office, we expect to see that later in the year, maybe some in the third quarter, probably more in the fourth quarter. And the cash that's associated with that will come really in 2024 in a meaningful way. But we're very excited about that release. So Arpine, that's the first thing you're going to see traveling through the Blueprint. And well, it's a great brand, and we're very excited, and we're looking forward to bringing more fans into this brand who can really enjoy it for years to come because it is a great brand that can be enjoyed by people of all ages.
Deb Thomas: Right, of course. And you actually have hit it. I mean we're spending more on advertising, and we're making it much more focused. And again, if you look at Blueprint 2.0 and our focus on the consumer, you'll see more of that spend clearly against the consumer as we go forward. In 2022, we had a significant amount of sales allowances, and we talked about that in our prepared remarks. And we had a significant amount of closeouts. We do have some additional inventory. We'll be looking at closing out over the course of this year. That's built into our assumptions. We have that every year. And our inventory build, if we look at it, a big piece of it was preparing for the early releases of MAGIC: THE GATHERING and making sure we have paper on stock to print because that was in shortage -- short supply last year. . So as we look at that, the closeouts that are in our own inventory, we see sending -- selling those out at the right time for both us and for retailers to maximize the profit on that. So you see the impact on our gross margin won't be as significant as it was in 2022 and all of the sales allowances. I mean it was important for us to reduce our inventory on hand at retail from where it's at in the third quarter. And we did have a lot of sales allowances in 2022 associated with that. So when you look at the reduction in sales allowances, you look at maximizing our closeouts go forward and, honestly, our cost savings. And we have a slide on this as well in our presentation. I think it's on Page 24. We continue to expect a very large percentage of our cost savings initiatives as part of our Operational Excellence program to come out of our cost of sales line. So it's -- that’s the piece that -- and I'm sorry, I apologize if we're getting some feedback. It seems to be me. That's not -- that gets -- it gets a fuzzy sound, but that's okay. As we look at that, we do see a significant portion of our cost savings coming out of our cost of sales line. So we expect cost of sales to be much more normalized as a percent of revenue in 2023 than we did in 2022 because of all those actions we took to make sure that we are being better positioned for 2023 as well as retail.
Deb Thomas: I think the challenge -- we expect to get the profit improvement throughout the year. I will say, based on some of the actions we've taken in connection with our Operational Excellence program, you will see more of the savings in the back half of the year. And that was really the comment we were trying to make on SG&A and admin. We'll see that impact in product development and in SG&A. However, we do have some headwinds in those lines, too. Overall, the first half of the year is a smaller part of the year for us. So the impacts are a bit greater when you look at the overall revenue.
Deb Thomas: Of the $300 million this year, it would be slightly -- it would be -- maybe about -- it will be less than 1/3. Think about the timing of it. So we said, over time, we expect that revenue to be about $250 million. You're 100% right. If I look at that impact from '21, it would be about $100 million. This year, it would be -- from 2022, it would be less than that. And the reason why is we're providing an orderly transition to a license model. That's what's helping our operating profit as well. So we are losing revenue on that. We still will have some in 2022, but you'll see us transition out of that over time, and it will be a lower revenue number but a more profitable revenue number for us. 
Chris Cocks: Sure. Eric, yes, I think the question was will it grow in 2023. It grew pretty well in 2022. Yes, we expect MAGIC to grow. I think the growth will be a bit moderated versus what we saw in prior years. We're taking some of the feedback to heart. We had some supply chain issues last year, which forced us to compress our release schedules, particularly in October of this year due to a couple of releases slipping from April and August into October along with our regularly scheduled releases. We're going to be spacing those out in a more even basis. We think we've got to handle on all the supply chain issues that we had with paper stock and local paper production. So that will change the nature of what our revenue distribution is by quarter. In general, I think we expect MAGIC and Wizards to have a good Q1. Q2 is actually our toughest comp of the year, and we think that will actually be down just given the nature of moving some releases around. Q3 should be a very strong quarter. And actually, we think Q4 will be a pretty solid quarter as well when you look across the Wizards business.
Chris Cocks: Well, MAGIC is arguably one of our most innovative product and design teams. I would never discount their ability to figure out new ways to engage players and delight our fans. They've had a pretty good track record. We've grown that brand for 13 out of the last 14 years. And I think the one year, it was down, it was down maybe 2% or 3%. That was actually my first year on the business. We turned that around pretty significantly, I think, over the last five years.  So as we think about growing MAGIC, we always think about, okay, how can we engage our existing players more, how can we find new fans and then how can we attract lapsed fans. And I think that's going to be the magic formula for this year as well. I think we have some exciting new initiatives. I think one of -- the one I'm most looking forward to, and I think we've seen some early success is Universes Beyond. Our Warhammer set that we released in October of last year, we couldn't keep in stock. That's on its third reprint. It's doing very, very well. I think our hobby shops and our retail partners are thrilled by it. And as big of an IP as Warhammer is, we're going to be going out with the OG of fantasy with Lord of the Rings come this June. We think that's a big fan base. It's a very ripe adjacency for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. And we think it's a great opportunity for Lord of The Rings to introduce them to our fan base and help kind of grow their business. And an awesome opportunity to introduce Lord of the Rings fans who love Fantasy into a deep strategic game like MAGIC. So I think that will be both an opportunity to attract new fans and also add some collector surprises as well for our existing fans.
Chris Cocks: Sure. Megan, good talking with you. If you -- in our investor deck, we have a waterfall, which walks through our expectations of $300 million of headwinds in the -- on the slide that says 2023 outlook, just in case you want to take a look at it after the call. We do see that $300 million headwind spread across business, but it is concentrated in Consumer Products. We're exiting several rather significant licenses this year like Disney Princesses and Sesame Street and Trolls. Those were pretty low margin businesses for us. Frankly, they were negative margin businesses for us in aggregate, but it does have a top line effect. We've transitioned several of our in-house brands like EASY-BAKE Oven, Littlest Pet Shop into an out-licensing model. So we think that will be accretive on a bottom line basis, but it will impact our top line because some of those brands drive meaningful revenue. And we'd likely have a few more planned that we have yet to announce. FX is certainly a continued headwind that we're anticipating certainly in the first half of the year, more notably than the second half as we comp FX, and that will affect all of our businesses. But CP tends to be our most internationally exposed. We exited a couple of entertainment businesses last year. One that's called secret location, had meaningful top line, not so meaningful bottom line, that was a location-based business, and then a couple of digital businesses and also some theatrical distribution that will impact entertainment. And then, of course, Russia, we exited Russia in March of last year. And so that comp will be most difficult in Q1. So when we add all that together, it adds up to about $300 million of total revenue headwinds. We see about 60% of that hitting in the first half of the year and the balance in the second half. But then when we look at kind of like our release calendar for entertainment, for Wizards and for our Consumer Products business, we look at kind of the retail promotions we have lined up, the feedback we're getting and the volumetric testing that we're doing on the items because we've expanded that basically threefold this year versus what we did for 2022, we feel like the second half of the year, when you combine that with what we anticipate will be improving macroeconomic conditions, should yield the growth that we have projected.
Chris Cocks: For instance, Fur Real Friends would be a handoff that would happen throughout the year and a couple of the ones that we haven't announced yet would be a handoff throughout the year with the full transition by 2024.
Chris Cocks: Well, we can. I think it's just a choice of how do we maximize the asset and maximize the returns for it. So our view is by being a bit more parsimonious about how we dole it out quarter-over-quarter, we'll be able to maximize the margin return that we have on the inventory.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Our POS was down in toys and games last year by the mid-teens kind of mark overall, which was slower than what we saw for the balance of the year. So that's kind of where that comment was generated. Wizards of the Coast saw strong turns, but that's not captured in our POS tracking, at least the public POS tracking. And our direct business and our licensors saw healthy gains as well. 
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I think all of our forward guidance is on an as-is basis, where it's assumed that entertainment stays with us. Now obviously, we're in a sales process, and that's pretty far advanced. So we feel like, by midyear, we'll be able to have a significant update on where we see that going. The comment that Deb made was we're still targeting 2027 for a 20% operating profit margin. We might be able to beat that by a couple of quarters. But right now, we're maintaining 2027 as a target. Assuming a sale happens as the majority of the noncore TV and film assets, I think we could accelerate that target quite significantly.
Chris Cocks: No problem. Linda, thanks for joining the call. for entertainment, it really just had to do with timing of deliveries that our partners, our network partners wanted. And to a certain degree, we're a vendor working on their behalf, and they have a fair degree of flexibility about when they'll accept deliveries on products. We had assumptions that we would be able to achieve by end of December some of these deliveries. And some of them got moved out not just by a couple of weeks but by several quarters as they're managing their own P&Ls. And so that's what really drove the material difference.
Chris Cocks: Well, I think on the top line, when you're looking at a market that's flat to potentially down for a year, it's a share gain. So we need to execute against our five focus categories and deliver the right pricing, the right promotion at retail and make sure we get our product in there and well assorted. We missed our marks on that in 2022 in too many areas. We grew in 2. We grew in creativity and preschool, but we need to grow more fulsomely across all of them. . And so when we look at our product road map, when we look at the quantitative testing we've been doing and we look at the promotions we have in place, both pricing as well as what we're doing just to drive kind of availability of product, we feel better positioned for that for 2023. I think the second thing we have to do to drive the top line is responsibly manage down our inventory. And we'll be doing a good hunk of that in Q1 and Q2, but I think that also gets back to your bottom line question, which is, hey, we need to do that responsibly and not just make a fire sale because that's not going to help our bottom line and ultimately not help our capacity to be able to fund our growth initiatives. And then the last thing I think you really need to look at for bottom line, last two things, internally, this wouldn't be as available to you, but it's a big area of focus for us. It's making sure we have really robust demand planning and supply chain management in place. I feel really good about the team that we're building around that, but that's going to be something that we need to improve our marks on and then driving our savings goals. We have $150 million gross savings goal for this year. We'll be reporting on that every quarter in terms of progress. And that's going to be a meaningful bucket of money that will drive both bottom line performance and help to fund increases in our advertising and promotion budget and our ability to be price competitive.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So on Wizards of the Coast and MAGIC in particular, as I talked in Eric's question, I think you should expect in up Q1 down Q2, a significant up Q3 and then a fair up in Q4. And that's just based on release timing. Last year, we had an April release that had to push by about six months into October, and we had an August release that had to push about two months into October. We don't feel like we're going to have that issue again. We feel like we're pretty well ahead of our supply chain issues, and the capacity of our vendors is pretty good. But that's generally how I think about it. Wizards doesn't have the seasonality of the overall Consumer Products business. It's more release-driven. So that's how I would look at it. MAGIC is going to be a pretty big component of their revenue for this year. The other thing I'd note -- the only other thing I'd note is there is quite a big D&D component that will happen in Q3 and Q4 with the release of Baldur's Gate 3. Even though that's a licensed product, it's a pretty -- we have fair sized expectations about what that product is going to do. It was one of the most successful early access products in history on Steam. And that will have meaningful revenue impact starting in Q3 and even more so in Q4 for D&D.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I mean we had some subscription cancellations, but they were comparatively minor in the totality of both the D&D P&L and the Wizards P&L. Of course, we take anything like that seriously. We're in contact with the people who canceled. And in general, what we're finding is a lot of them are very open to restarting their subscriptions. D&D Beyond is a great platform. It's a really good value. And it's something that's been a good growth vector for us. We find it -- we feel about eight months into owning the asset, it's been a really good purchase for us. It was EPS accretive within six months of joining the company. And we had over 20% user growth through the end of 2022, and the revenue growth was roughly commensurate with the user growth as well. So I think D&D should be on pace for a healthy 2023 with everything we have going on. .
Chris Cocks: Matt, thanks for joining. Yes, I think the biggest thing on arena is going to be the release on Steam in, I think, we're targeting Q3. the reason for the time line to get to Q3 is we're reinventing what the new player experience is as we start to expand that so that it's an easier onboarding and a more fun way to learn how to play what is a super deep but can be a difficult learning curve game. . So we think Steam is going to help open up the game to more users. Obviously, we think there will be some decent revenue growth associated with that. Over the midterm, we continue to evaluate consoles, particularly Xbox and PlayStation platforms. And I think that will be an interesting opportunity for us but likely in 2024 and beyond. And then we continue to invest in figuring out new ways in which we can express MAGIC digitally. I mean if you think about the success of MAGIC over the last five years, the success really has been driving like this, what we call, a segmentation strategy where we are offering bespoke products to new segments of consumers that we either were underserving before or not serving it all before. And there's formats like Commander, which is a four-player version of the game that's highly social. I'm enthused, as I know Cynthia and the team is, figuring out how we can get like a true multiplayer experience beyond two players for MAGIC digitally. And then I think we're still intrigued by digital collectibility. I don't think you'll find us kind of going after the passing fad at the minute. But we do think digital collectibility is going to be a thing, and it's going to stick. And so we continue to invest R&D about what the right approach is for that, whether doing it ourselves or doing it through a partner.
