Chris Cocks: Thanks, Debbie, and welcome, everyone, joining today. I'm thrilled to be starting as Hasbro's CEO later this month and overwhelmed by the outpouring of well wishes from employees, partners and stakeholders since the announcement. The positive response is a testament to this amazing company and the wonderful people, brands and fan communities around the world that make it so special. Hasbro is unique in our ability to create cherished childhood memories that translate into lifelong favorites. Our brands stand toys that inspire wonder to collectibles that showcase fashion, board games that bring families together to gaming systems with thriving global fandoms and animation that delights children to feature films and video games that engage audiences of all ages. As CEO, I'll be working with our team focused on three long-term priorities. First and foremost is driving growth with the Brand Blueprint. At the heart of Hasbro is the Brand Blueprint. It enables us to expand the value of our brands and capabilities as we engage our fans across all aspects of play and entertainment from consumer products to games to streaming TV shows, executing through our owned and operated assets and the best partners in the industry. We've seen significant success with this strategy with brands as varied as PEPPA PIG; TRANSFORMERS; and most recently, MY LITTLE PONY. And I'm excited as we extended benefits to more brands from PLAY-DOH to MAGIC: THE GATHERING, to our upcoming blockbuster movie and AAA video games with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. Our next focus area will be multigenerational fan engagement. Play isn't just our kids anymore. It's a lifeline pursuit. Gen Z's favorite brands are the ones they play with that surround them with engaging experiences, and millennials and Gen X aren't far off. We are creating omnimedia play and entertainment that spans age ranges, connect people together and is passed along generation to generation. Lastly, new growth opportunities, specifically games and direct. At $2.1 billion and 19% year-over-year growth, Hasbro is one of the biggest and fastest-growing games publishers in the world. Our investments in digital and direct-to-consumer give us an amazing opportunity to forge tighter relationships with our most valued customers to learn from them in real time via cutting-edge data analytics and to reinvent how we bring product to market and customize it for our most passionate fans. While the whole Blueprint generates immense value for Hasbro, look for us with particular focus on these fast-growing businesses as we take our portfolio to the next level. Underlying these priorities will be a laser focus on capital allocation, how we invest in the business, prioritize our brands and drive total shareholder return while paying down debt, maintaining an investment-grade rating and returning cash to shareholders. We'll be sharing more insights about how we will drive our Blueprint strategy, extend our fan engagements and grow our gaming and direct-to-consumer assets in the quarters to come, underpinned by a strong sense of purpose and commitment to our planet and people. In the meantime, my focus will be squarely on partnering with Deb, Darren, Cynthia and Eric on executing with excellence to deliver our growth plans as well as meeting with the stakeholders who help make Hasbro Hasbro. I want to end with a special thank you to Rich Stoddart. Rich came on board five months ago after the tragic loss of Brian Goldner, our beloved leader of nearly 15 years. Using uncommon care, a natural insight from this time serving on our Board and strong and steady leadership, he helped guide us to exceptional results. Rich, your insights and leadership will be amazing assets as the new Chair of our Board of Directors, and I'm looking forward to working with and learning from you as we grow Hasbro in the years to come.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I think -- thanks for the question, Eric. So look, the gaming portfolio is extraordinarily strong and has been a real leader. As we pointed out, we would point you to the $2.1 billion at 19% growth. And we've got some powerful brands in there. Clearly, gaming has had some robust demand as we were in a COVID environment. And so very tough comps, and yet we're still growing that business, and we see upside for the business going forward.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I think within the quarter, it was just the quirks of when we depreciate when we capitalize and then also some advertising expenses related to an incremental release that we had Crimson Vale during the quarter as well as continuous support of Arena and scaling Arena mobile. The growth of the business has been very strong, exceeding our expectations. We continue to have a very positive outlook on it, both on the table top side and long term on the digital side for 2022 and beyond.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So absolutely. Let me just start with the Entertainment business. As you know, Entertainment is so dependent on when deliveries take place, right? So I would think a little bit about that similar to the cadence of 2021 from an Entertainment standpoint. As you mentioned, June was a big quarter. The second quarter was a very big quarter for us in Wizards of the Coast in digital gaming and also, we have some exciting initiatives in consumer products as well. So as I think about the year, I think the most difficult comps for us this year from a cost standpoint are really in the first quarter. We've got high capitalized freight and input costs. And as we mentioned, our price increases don't take effect to cover some of that until the second quarter. So if you think about cost pressure standpoint, it's really the first quarter. And from a comp standpoint, given the success of MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the releases that we have planned this year, really the third quarter is going to be a bit tougher as well. We had some digital that launched and went into that third quarter and an extra release. We have the same number of table top releases this year. We just don’t have the extra digital release that we had in 2021. So, as I think about comps, the first quarter and the third quarter are a little bit tougher comps than the rest of the year.
Deb Thomas: Sure, Eric. As we kind of look out over the business, we had a great year of deliveries, and we saw theatrical start to come back in 2021, still wasn't anywhere near the levels of pre-pandemic, but it's starting to come back. So as we think about deliveries moving into 2022, we do have a few movies that are scheduled to be delivered. We have a couple in the early part of the year from eOne and one in the later part of the year. It's still in production right now. And we think as we move into 2023, obviously, that will be a bigger year as we did production on DUNGEONS & DRAGONS with our partners at Paramount and Transformers: rise of the Beast. So those will be out in 2023 as long as movies from our -- as well as moves from our partner at Disney and the Marvel starting into the Galaxy and Indiana Jones and a new Star Wars movie So very excited about moving into 2023, and then our partners at Disney later in 2022 with Dr. Strange; Thor; Spider-Man; and of course, we're all excited for a Black Panther: Wakanda Forever coming in the fall. So as we think about our Entertainment business, we have that, but we continue to distribute live-action content. We have many unscripted and scripted television or streaming coming out throughout the year. So much of that is dependent on deliveries, which is why I said earlier, if we kind of think about the delivery and the cadence being similar to 2021, just from a delivery standpoint, that will continue to come out as we go through. And from an animated standpoint, we have MAGIC: THE GATHERING coming in the fall. We're very excited about that as well. And we have more deliveries from -- for PEPPA and PJ. But just as a reminder, in the third quarter of last year, we had the MY LITTLE PONY movie. So while we have a robust content road map coming from MY LITTLE PONY go forward, that delivery in the third quarter is probably will have a bit of a blip on the animation side, which is, again, why I think the third quarter is probably the one that has probably the toughest comp as I think about the year ahead of us. From a library standpoint, while we did have some sales of library, in particular, we've done -- just done a deal in the Nordic countries to distribute some library content. The vast majority was from new series delivery of our revenue as we think about the past year.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So just from an inventory standpoint, as we mentioned, both our inventory, our owned inventory and retail inventory was up a bit at the end of the year. And that's really input and freight costs that are capitalized in that inventory. Now the good part is what's in transit is our new spring releases for MAGIC and for our Consumer Products business. So, it's an excellent quality and it is being slightly impacted though by those higher input costs as we think about inventory.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So absolutely, Arpine, as we launch games, we did see the higher depreciation we expected. As we talked about, we continue investing for that long-term growth. So our higher admin cost reflects hiring people to do that. And we did have that. That being said, our gaming portfolio -- overall, our gaming -- Hasbro gaming has high teens, low-20s margins. And when you look at our total gaming portfolio is in the low-30s operating profit margin. So as we grow that category -- and that's why it's important that we said today, despite the fact that we're growing, our gaming portfolio overall is continued to expect to have operating profit margins in the low 30s as we go forward. And our Wizards of the Coast and digital gaming segment is expected to not only grow revenue and, as Chris mentioned earlier, at a greater pace in '23 and beyond as some of the games that we've been investing in come to market, but we expect that segment to maintain operating profit margins over 40%.
Deb Thomas: Thanks Drew. Well, first, the debt-to-EBITDA question, yes, we intend to pay down debt this year. We expect to hit our targets of 2x to 2.5x through a combination of EBITDA growth as well as debt repayment. That being said, we maintain our capital allocation strategy. First and foremost, we invest in the business. We've talked about how some of those investments, particularly in our gaming portfolio, have delivered growth of 150% and above in revenue. We continue to plan to make those long-term investments in the business around the Blueprint to drive that profitable revenue growth going forward. That being said, right now, those targets are the right targets for us. We think, given our current projections, we'll hit them in 2023. And that's -- so that's how we look at it. But it is a combination of debt paydown -- additional debt paydowns as well as EBITDA growth. With respect to the investment in Discovery Family Channel, listen, it was a great investment for us. We made it over 10 years ago. It allowed get our programming on the air. It really drove the beginning of the Brand Blueprint strategy. And you think about MY LITTLE PONY coming back in again, well, we've reinvented it now. It had a great run for a long time. It's been a terrific investment for us. It's driven over $1 billion in revenue for the Company. It's returned a significant amount. Listen, there's just changes happening in the cable industry. I think as we look around us, we see it too, more people moving to streaming, more people moving on to different things. That being said, discovery runs a great network, and all of their network is terrific. And it's been a great investment for Hasbro as we continue evaluating what we're going to do with it. We'll continue looking at what's happening. But it's been a fantastic investment for us over time. It's had a really great return. And just because of the way the accounting function works, we had a non-cash non-op charge in the quarter.
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. Jamie, from a CapEx standpoint, just straight CapEx, our expectation is it would be about $150 million to $180 million in 2022. And that changed from a year ago. If you recall, it's usually -- the majority is spent on tooling, but our increase is really due to digital game development as we sit and look forward, and that's driven us a bit higher over time. But that's really where the increase is coming from in our CapEx estimates for 2022. From a programming standpoint, I think we mentioned we expect $725 million to $825 million in content spend, up a tick from 2021, but that's a multiyear content spend. So as we look out past '22, we have a lot of new animated programming coming including new brands. So when you think about that, it's a multiyear spend that we're seeing in this year. So hopefully, that helps.
Deb Thomas: No, absolutely. And that's a great question. Yes, we have been saying that we saw nothing holding us back from getting to over 16% operating profit margins. And we see that in 2023 and beyond. When we look at the mix of what we expect to have in our product line, we expect a greater mix of franchise brands, a mix of I talked a bit about the movies coming out in 2023, like Indiana Jones and TRANSFORMERS and Guardians and new Star Wars and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. When we think about that and the growth we expect in our gaming portfolio, we expect to see operating profit margins based on that mix of greater than 16%.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So as we think about margins, operating margins in the quarter, we did have depreciation. Not every quarter is the same, right? So we had some digital depreciation in the quarter. And that's really kind of what you're seeing from a quarter-on-quarter. I think said, it's still a very healthy and high operating profit margin within the quarter. And Chris, do you want to talk about...
Deb Thomas: The depreciation was really just related to our games. The only other thing I would point out is people don't think about that -- think about this very often, but our Wizards of the Coast business, and not so much the digital side, but the tabletop side was also impacted by the freight and input cost issues that we saw in the Consumer Products business. So that card business from a manufacturing standpoint, if we look at components, the highest growth of components of our overall inventory this year within paperboard and print, right? And we think about the printing of the cards and the freight in for the cards as well. So that was the other thing that impacted us in the quarter. And we do expect to have a bit of an impact in the first quarter as well.
Deb Thomas: We had -- we did have some adjustments on discrete items for the quarter. I mean, typically, we do file our tax returns as most companies do in that October time frame. So to the extent we have discrete return to provision items, we tend to see those in the quarter. As we are going through the integration of we probably had higher impact from that in 2021 than we would expect going forward.
Deb Thomas: No, Fred, that is a good assumption still. I mean we're and we're still on track for the in-sourcing. We had a little bit of a challenging supply chain like everything else with our in-sourcing for PEPPA and PJ. And we've continued to work with some of our really terrific license partners actually, our consumer product license partners, as we move forward and deal with some of the supply chain challenges. But we are on track for the $130 million in the additional amount in 2022.
Deb Thomas: Yes, absolutely. As we said, we expect operating profit margin expansion in 2022, just not reaching our full goal of in excess of 16% by 2023. We do expect to continue challenges with freight costs and input costs for the better part of this year. We do have the pricing coming into play, but it still remains a challenging environment, we think, in 2022. So as we think about that, the first quarter is difficult, but just because the price increases come into play in the second quarter and beyond. And we're very excited about the new launches and all the innovation that we have coming out throughout the year, but in particular, around the holiday season.
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks earlier, the toy and game industry has had incredible growth the past couple of years, really above trend. And when you look at things like stimulus payments going away, inflation, right? I always like to say around the table, guys, look, how much milk costs today versus how much it costs a year ago, I think everyone is seeing inflation. That's why we expect the industry to be more muted this year, maybe even down. I mean we have a lot of innovation and a lot of new things coming with a lot of great entertainment coming this year, which we believe is going to drive a lot of our demand, and that's why we think our business can grow. But we do expect to see a bit more muting in the toy and game industry in 2022 just because of all these things that aren't hitting global inflation and stimulus payments, as you mentioned it, in other parts. That being said, we expect the entertainment industry to grow this year, as theater is coming back online and people are going back out and content demand continues to be at an all-time high as well as digital gaming and gaming industry overall, we expect to continue to grow. So that's the benefit of all of the parts of our business working together around our blueprint. And that's what we think gives us a distinct advantage in this type of market.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we expect our Consumer Products business operating profit margin to continue expanding. I think in 2022, we've talked a lot about the cost pressures that hit that business. And we've talked about in 2023 and beyond, we expect our operating profit margin as a company as a whole to expand above 16%. We expect a bit faster expansion in Consumer Products operating profit margin in 2023 and beyond. So while I can't go back to 2016, because our business had many facets to it at the time, and it's our business as a whole, we do expect that our business will continue to grow. As a company we'll be in excess of 16% operating profit margin similar to those levels in 2023, and our Consumer Products operating profit margin will expand over time.
Deb Thomas: So we did say that, over the term of the Disney Princess and Frozen license, it's averaged about $250 million per year of revenue. And the peak was in 2019 with the Frozen movie. So if you just think about that on a revenue standpoint, we continue to remain very excited about our partnership with the Disney Company and continuing with Marvel and Star Wars. And we're all very excited for Indiana Jones. We had a license for Indiana Jones many years ago. And I've had the opportunity to look at some of the products we're bringing out, and it's just fantastic. So we're very excited about our partnership continuing with the Disney Company. We have not specifically talked about profitability in those lines in total. But I will say, we've said in the past, our Partner Brand portfolio in total in the past has had mid-single-digit operating profit margins. But our expectation, as we move beyond 2023, is that would grow to high single, low double-digit operating profit margins in 2023 and beyond.
Deb Thomas: Each license is different. And depending on what goes into content creation within those brands, each license has a different margin profile as you look at it. So what I would say is in 2023 and beyond, we expect our Partner Brand operating profit margins to expand to high single, low double digits, more in line with some of the other parts of the portfolios of our business.
