Eric Nyman: Thanks, Chris. Hey, Eric, I'll really pivot to talk about where our inventories are because that's, I think, at the heart of your question. At the start, our Hasbro inventories are in good shape at the end of quarter one. We feel good about our position heading into the balance of the year. Our retail inventories are in good shape as well. We're up a bit in the US, as noted. Quality is good as we head into our strongest events for the balance of the year. And I'll just remind you of some of them, things like Star Wars, Obi-Wan Kenobi, streaming on Disney+, Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse, our new My Little Pony and Transformers: EarthSpark animation and Wakanda Forever, knowing that we're in pretty good shape there. We feel at this point pretty good, Eric, about our inventories going into the back half. And I'd also note with regard to supply chain, as Chris noted and Deb noted, in their upfronts, we're excited to also have a world-class leader coming in and joining Hasbro as Shane Azzi is planning on joining Hasbro in May coming from Kimberly-Clark.
Eric Nyman: Yes. Thanks Chris and Megan. I think it bears repeating that we have a tremendous amount of retail support for the second half of the year in support of our innovative new Hasbro products, as Chris mentioned, Megan, including our action brands like TRANSFORMERS, where we're launching our new Transformer Earth Spark Animation later this year. We have a big Nerf best event planned for September 9th. MY LITTLE PONY and PEPPA PIG, the launch of Starting Lineup, which we announced yesterday, which we're all thrilled about bringing back to the pop-culture consciousness for fans. And in addition, we have the industry-leading games portfolio that Chris noted. And the entertainment is bear repeating as well. We have this big Star Wars launch coming up with Obi-Wan Kenobi on Disney+. As I mentioned prior, Thor: Love and Thunder, Spiderman: Across the Spider-Verse; and Wakanda Forever, all of which lead into 2023, where we have a great slate, inclusive of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and Transformers: Rise of the Beast. So, as we have our inventory buildup, we're ready for that. And I think that's why we continue to know that we feel like our inventories are in a good position.
Eric Nyman: Sure. As we think about -- as Deb mentioned, for Russia specifically, just to clarify again, we've paused all shipments into Russia. That's a situation that we're all continuing to evaluate day-by-day and week-by-week. With regards to the rest of Europe, our European business is in good shape. We were up in POS for the quarter in Europe specifically, and we continue to look forward to that business continuing to grow and improve.
Chris Cocks: Well, we continue to see a positive mix shift in our overall revenue mix, Arpiné. Our games segment has a very nice operating profit profile. Wizards, we think, is going to grow on the top end of our range, potentially as high as more of our traditional double-digit growth rate. And when we couple that with the great product lineup, the fantastic entertainment and storytelling lineup that Eric talked about, along with some targeted cost savings that we're doing across the organization, we feel like we can raise that operating profit -- adjusted operating profit outlook for the year.
Chris Cocks: Well, it's still a little early for a full POS readout on the first quarter. What we can say is, traditionally, the Q1 is one of our smallest quarters. We have a fantastic lineup coming up in following quarters, along with a great entertainment lineup. And we exited the quarter with POS on the positive upswing. We like what the trends are and we see that improving as the year goes.
Chris Cocks: Sure. I will give a very quick answer, and then I'll turn it over to Cynthia Williams, our new President of our Wizards and digital segment. When we look at Wizards, we look at a combination of MAGIC, both tabletop and digital and D&D and the balance of the portfolio. And in Q1, and throughout the rest of the year, we see strength across each of those. And so that's kind of what we're looking at as we look at the mix. We see our tabletop revenues being pretty buoyant and actually growing above our expectations, and we continue to invest heavily in digital. Now that said, as Deb mentioned during her upfront, we have a couple of headwinds on digital in terms of comps. We had a very successful release of Arena Mobile last year, which has kind of settled into a more of a mature kind of growth rate. And we also had Dark Alliance, which was a new video game for D&D that came out in late June last year. We're not going to be comping those. So we think our digital growth is going to be a little bit more muted. But on balance, when we look at the two, we feel good about where the Wizard segment is going. Cynthia, I'll turn it over to you on any further color or commentary to add.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So I would say for this year, we see a fairly stable mix, if not table actually being a slightly higher mix than it was last year, given some of the comps that we have. And over the mid to long term, we see both robust growth in tabletop and digital, with digital as a growing portion of the mix for our Wizards and Digital segment over time. We don't have a specific goal around what that percentage mix should be. Both segments are highly profitable gross margin segments. And so, we like growth in both.
Chris Cocks: Well, for this year, certainly, we're targeting 16%, and our goal is to always see that rise. I'm going to let Deb take you through a little bit more where we see the midterm and long-term outlook.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So Q1, we expect it to be a good quarter for Wizards and it turned out to be a better-than-expected good quarter for Wizards, despite even moving a release in September. Q2, we expect to be the biggest quarter that we've ever had because last Q2 was our biggest quarter as well. So we think that will be comping favorably based on just the number and quality of releases that we have. Q3, we also expect to be a significant quarter. But just based on comping year-over-year and the types of formats that we have releasing, it likely will be flat to down. And then Q4, we expect another growth quarter for the business as well, again, just based on the nature of the formats and type of releases that we have.
Chris Cocks: We expect the acquisition to close in mid- to late Q2. So our guidance would incorporate Q3 and Q4. And then a lot of the integration -- meaningful integration would be back half loaded or into 2023.
Chris Cocks: Well, when we looked at the D&D Beyond acquisition, we've been partnered with D&D Beyond since they were founded back in late 2017, 2018. They were -- we were the exclusive licensor and they were a digital distributor for us. So we had a lot of unique insight into the value of that platform, the growth of that platform and the nature of the user base on it. And so we've been in discussions with Fandom for many quarters in terms of bringing D&D Beyond into the Wizards family. And I think we had some great discussions. I think we had a really mutually compelling deal where both sides got a lot of value for the asset. And we see that asset only accelerating in value under Wizards’ ownership. Having our biggest digital content platform paired with the actual content creation team, there's a lot of potential synergies. There's a lot of international growth vectors we can do. There's a lot of new exclusive content we can do. We've talked a lot about universes beyond in MAGIC, which is this concept of thinking about MAGIC as a play system and bringing in outside brands or outside IP into that play system. We see potential for that with D&D as well, and we think D&D Beyond can be a primary hub for that. And then we see a lot of e-commerce and direct opportunities working in partnership with our Hasbro Pulse team to have physical digital tie-ins that are unique to the platform. So the combination of like those business upside opportunities and then really getting this great tight connection with the 10 million customers who play on that platform, which is the majority of customers who actively play D&D, it's a fantastic learning opportunity for us and, to your point, very similar to what we've seen with Arena, where we build this relationship with our customers. It's a great incremental business opportunity and a fantastic learning platform for us to understand how people are playing our games, what do they want to purchase and how can we make our products better. And I think that's been an important part of our segmentation approach for MAGIC over the last couple of years, and I think it's going to become an increasingly important part of our D&D segmentation and product development approach as well. And to cap all that off, in 2020 -- March of 2023, we're going to have a blockbuster film coming out with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. We have a lot of streaming entertainment on tap that our eOne team is planning. We've got a big consumer products push for 2023. And then we'll add on top of that the 50th anniversary of DUNGEONS & DRAGONS in 2024, where that Entertainment, Consumer Products and gaming momentum will continue. So we see a lot of growth vectors and a lot of lifts for D&D with the D&D Beyond platform being central to that.
Chris Cocks: Yeah. Our view on the market is there's a lot of factors at play. There's inflation that's pinching consumers' pocket books. There's continued supply chain headwinds, and there's a lot of geopolitical uncertainty in the marketplace right now. Regardless, though, of if the market goes up or is down or is flat, we believe in focus and scaled execution. Having great product innovation, coupling that with fantastic storytelling and just executing the heck out of that with our channel partners and our general licensing partners overall. And so we believe that we can grow in any market context, and that's what underlies our overall guidance for the year.
Chris Cocks: Well, I don't think I'll comment on any specific license or any specific partner. But, in general, as we think about partners and we think about co-brands, we see that as a continued important part of our mix. Particularly as you think about our themes of games, multigenerational play in entertainment and direct-to-consumer as our big investment areas. Partner co-brands will be an increasingly important part of that mix. But dedicated partner lines, like our partner brands, as we call them today, will also continue to be important. And we'll be investing across the line on those. In particular, we see a lot of great opportunities to bring those brands into what we term as play systems. And those can be gaming play systems or they can be collectible play systems. I think our Nerf business and our Monopoly business have been particularly adept at that historically. I think the announcement starting lineup has a -- is a huge platform for fantastic sports partnerships across the world. I think our gaming portfolio, particularly MAGIC and D&D, offer a lot of fantastic co-branding relationships. And we'll continue to lean into how we do that on action figures and collectibles across our lineup with Hasbro Pulse being a real focus area for that. And so we think -- when we think about that kind of perspective, games, multigenerational play in direct, we see a lot of growth opportunities for partners in our mix. And, importantly, we see a superior operating profit margin associated with that as well.
Chris Cocks: Well, I think I'll open this up to everyone on the call, but I'll give you a general thematic. A lot of it is sales mix, the type of products that we're driving. And again, I'll go back to the themes of games, multigenerational play in entertainment and direct are things that we're definitely leaning into and we see superior operating profit margin outlook for. And then we also are evaluating our business, evaluating our structure, and evaluating where we're making investments. And we've seen some cost savings opportunities and reinvestment opportunities in higher margin businesses as a result of that. So, when you take those two factors into play, we -- it gives us confidence in raising our outlook for our adjusted operating profit margins for the year. In terms of pricing, pricing is ultimately up to the retailer at point of sale. And most of our pricing outlook really is to cover costs, both in terms of freight as well as the bill of materials.
Chris Cocks: Well, Wizards of the Coast has grown for, I think, 12 out of the last 13 years. And that growth spurt started in 2008, 2009. So, we see games as pretty economically resilient. And generally speaking, we see the toy industry as being a proven economically resilient industry to economic headwinds.
Debbie Hancock: Just to add a bit more detail, Arpiné, just as well. As you look at the business and the cost pressures, we said we would have cost pressures in our gross margins for the first quarter, and we did. Price increases in CP start to hit in the second quarter. Actually, they've already started, and we'll see those to offset some of those higher costs as well as our first price increase in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, in certain sets that come later this year. So as Chris said, it all balances out that high growth gaming business and that focus as well as covering some of the increased costs that we're seeing will help us get to that margin.
Debbie Hancock: No. We're here to comment on our earnings, and we're very focused on that. We will not be commenting on Alta Fox today.
Debbie Hancock: I think the cadence from selling into our retailers is very similar year-over-year. We did have, as Eric mentioned earlier, certainly, as we look at a direct import business, that's coming directly to our retailers, and it's really their order pattern. They've got a bit more on the water as well. As they think about that, they may be pulling in a bit earlier, but we expect the cadence to be very similar to last year. We want to make sure we have products in our own held inventory, so we don't end up having out-of-stock issues and at a very all-important holiday season and around all this great entertainment we have coming this year.
Debbie Hancock: Thank you, Rob and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. The replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours. Additionally, management's prepared remarks will be posted on our website following this call. Thank you.
Deb Thomas: I think from a royalty standpoint, as Eric mentioned, we are excited about some things happening later in the year. But as we mix more to Hasbro-owned products, we talked about the growth in MAGIC and D&D and -- terrific growth that we've seen in MY LITTLE PONY with the entertainment we have, we expect royalties to be slightly down year-on-year. From an advertising standpoint, our advertising is focused on -- as always, on the all-important holiday season. However, different launches that we have during the year, it was a bit higher earlier in 2021 due to the Digital Gaming launches that we talked about earlier and some of the entertainment. The one thing I would say for Q3, we had a higher advertising balance because we also have the MY LITTLE PONY movie launch. So, certainly, as we think about entertainment, we would expect that to be the toughest comp for that segment for the year Q3 because of that movie launch, and advertising would have been higher in that quarter as well. But overall, I think we expect advertising in line to slightly down as a percent of revenue just based on mix for the year.
Deb Thomas: Sure. No, absolutely. And as we said at year-end, we believe that we could get back to 16%. We get asked that question constantly. And really with the focus on – focus on scale, gaming, our multigenerational play and entertainment and – we are very – and looking at our cost in great detail. We reiterate guidance that we'll get to that 16% this year. We haven't set out a guidance, but we expect growth from that level in 2023 and beyond, particularly when you look at what we have coming. I mean we have -- we're all very excited about DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and the movie that we have coming early in the year, TRANSFORMERS: Rise of the Beast and all of our partner entertainment that's coming as well.  In particular, we look at the D&D Beyond acquisition, which we're excited about. We just said that would be accretive in 2023 and beyond. It's coming. That acquisition gives us a great base and player base as we head into the movie which will expand the number of people who are out there to play D&D Beyond. So, as we look at our total gaming portfolio and all the entertainment we have for 2023 and beyond, we're very excited about what we have ahead of us.
Deb Thomas: The only item I would add to that is the one thing, I just would point out, I mean, the – we saw in our European business this quarter, it was very strong absent FX. And the one currency -- there's really two currencies that have significantly impacted us year-on-year. One is the Euro. So, a stronger dollar against the euro, I think it's down about 9% from our average rate for last year. And then the yen is the other one, which more significantly impacts our Wizards of the Coast business. But just for Europe, I look at exchange rates, just could have an impact for us. But on a constant currency basis, the business is doing very well.
Deb Thomas: And then with respect to the investments, as we look over the past, we've invested over $1 billion in the Wizards of the Coast and Digital Gaming business, and it's grown over 150%. We continue to make those long-term investments. We've talked about the investments being in talent. We have the opportunity, and we're very excited to have Cynthia on the call with us today. She's a great new talent, just one of many, that we've been able to bring to Wizards of the Coast, and we will continue to make those investments to drive that long-term profitable growth.
Deb Thomas: D&D Beyond acquisition is with -- that is within our guidance. As you recall, they were a good partner of ours before. So we did have licensing revenue from them. However, as we look to the future, we expect that to be an even greater benefit as we brought them into our group. And we have that great talent that came with the acquisition as well.
Deb Thomas: Well, it's early. They just started, and we don't have a lot of that POS data and as we spoke about now. But really, we're looking to take those price increases on the product, just to cover our cost. And we've been very thoughtful about what we increased. We continue to try to engineer a product if we can take -- if we can change a few things to give better value to the consumer at the lower price, we continue to do that. Right now, Gerrick, we're facing -- and I'm sure you've read about it, paper allocations and card stock allocations. So we're trying to acquire some of that ourselves, so we don't have an issue. But, as we look to it, we've been very, very thoughtful about taking price increases to not hurt the consumer and to not have elasticity issues with that in all of our product lines. It's not just the CP Group. It's also impacting our Wizards of the Coast business through MAGIC and D&D and Duel Masters as well.
