Brian D. Goldner: Yeah, Steph, not to get too philosophical this early in the morning, I would say for me there's always been a quote or to kind of paraphrase from Bill Gates who said, "People overestimate what they can do in two years, and underestimate what they can do in 10." And I think what you are really seeing is a byproduct of our teams around the world having worked together over the last decade in building the brand blueprint, recognizing how important consumer insights are, and investing in those consumer insights, investing in product innovation and storytelling and storytelling of all kinds of formats. And as I look out to answer your specific question about sightlines, we believe now we've fully assembled the brand blueprint; we'll continue to invest in aspects of our business. Right now we're investing in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online. We want to continue to improve people's participation in our brands at every turn. We'll continue to invest in product development. You see some of that this year with investments in Disney Princess and over trend investments in R&D. But over the long-term, we feel that the blueprint has been assembled. We'll continue to add parts to it and pieces to it and we'll continue to execute across global geography. So we feel very good as a team that we have the right skill sets and we continue to on-board new leadership and new employees all the time who are helping us to deliver what you are seeing now.
Brian D. Goldner: Good morning. In the quarter, we shipped only a very little bit of DESCENDANTS, most of it's shipping now. We haven't yet seen retail takeaway to speak of, maybe a day or two, so I wouldn't really want to comment on retail takeaway quite yet. The movie does come at the very end of the month and we are very excited about the DESCENDANTS movie and the associated marketing around it. I think it will really resonate with the audience and we are very excited to get our first product line out there. We are incredibly enthused by our efforts on all the R&D and innovation we are putting into the Princess line. The feedback we've had from retailers is that our Princess line is fantastic. Our marketing plans will be very robust and our partnership with Disney will enable us to launch in a very strong manner. We actually believe over time, we may be able to do better than the Princess line has done historically because of the innovation we're bringing to the line, global scope and scale of our two companies together, our partnership and commitment to grow Princess and Frozen business. So that's our focus and we believe that we have standout brands there. MY LITTLE PONY, we've just begun to launch Cutie Mark Magic for the fall. It's already seeing very good takeaway in the fall as well this fall. September, we have an all new Equestria Girls movie breaking, the Friendship Games. And so whether it's short-term, medium-term, or even longer-term, we believe we have very compelling brands in the Girls space. We've built this business over time and we intend to continue to be incredibly innovative and bring very fun experiences to girls all around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Felicia, yeah, if you look at – you just take Franchise brand. We can talk about POS but Franchise brand's POS in the quarter was up double digits, up 17%. So we're seeing great takeaway of our brands and they are resonating around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. Yeah, the POS is up nearly everywhere in the world. It was down a drop in Canada in the quarter but that's owing to something Deb mentioned, which was the exit of a retailer out of that region. But if you go around the world where we get the POS data, it's up double digits in several countries, in Mexico and Australia, the U.K., Spain. We're seeing good strong single-digit growth in France and Germany and the U.S. So again, across the business we're seeing great takeaway and we're seeing good market share gains in most of the countries where market share is measured, albeit I would take those numbers directionally. But certainly, we believe that that's indicative of the strength of the brand.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah, Taposh, I think it's a great insight on your part because in fact TRANSFORMERS year-to-date I would say is outperforming the trend you might see otherwise. Year-to-date the brand is down about half of what you would expect from the fall-off of the movie, although in the quarter it is off about what you would expect up against the movie, and that just relates to the shipments we would've had this time last year in movie shipments. In the U.S., for example, the POS through the end of the quarter in TRANSFORMERS was only down single digits. So you really are seeing both in terms of year-to-date shipments being down half as much as what you would have expected and the POS, the associated POS. The movie-related product is certainly a major headwind versus a year ago but the TV-related product is performing quite well around the world and a very innovative product line and it's working quite well. As well, the Licensing business, inside of Entertainment and Licensing has performed quite well, it's continued to perform well in the quarter and year-to-date.
Brian D. Goldner: No, we're really focused on – good morning – we're focused on the Episode VII product. We've had a lot of questions around what do we see as the tempo of Episode VII, and so we're just trying to get people the sense that we see it. Roughly equally split at this point albeit we'll update you as we get closer to movie timing and to our retail set date of September the 4th, but at this point, as we look at the business, lots of anticipation around the launch of the movie. The feedback we got for our first product at Comic-Con was phenomenal in the Black Series action figure. And we're seeing the tempo of Episode VII be roughly half, remembering that after December 18 the movie will continue in theaters for some time and roll into 2016 and then of course you have the home entertainment window.
Brian D. Goldner: Gerrick, if you remember in the quarter in addition to some entertainment properties that performed quite well, NERF performed incredibly well, continues to grow, and so that's a lower royalty bearing item obviously it's our own brand. It has higher operating margin, and so that's really helped the mix of royalties in the quarter. And then of course TRANSFORMERS shipments, movie shipments were down, and as you know we don't pay for the movie production but we do provide a royalty to Paramount on movie-related sales.
Brian D. Goldner: In the second quarter, our traditional Games business was up a bit, and so that would be – let's call it board games business was up a bit in the quarter. In Wizards of the Coast in the quarter we also had a reduction of Duel Masters which they're restaging in Japan, so that was a bit of the impact in the Games business. As we go forward for MAGIC, there are a number of initiatives that are going across the brand. As we've talked about, we're investing to continue to improve and seek more players in MAGIC Online. We have Magic Duels. Hopefully you've downloaded it by now onto your iPhone. It's a great digital game that really introduces people to the play. And as we look at the holiday period, we'll have a couple of releases for MAGIC for the remainder of the year.
Brian D. Goldner: The date is October 23 for the movie. We've already gotten some very positive feedback from audiences. As you know, early you get feedback and make sure you're on the right track. We're feeling very excited about the movie and we'll have a range of licensed product and some collector-oriented toys during the launch of the film, a great program from Sephora and several other licensees. But it's really our first step in reintroducing JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS to audiences around the world and we'll build momentum around product, particularly toy product, as we move beyond the film, so not for this year but into the next couple of years. And as you look at Allspark, the next major production is the MY LITTLE PONY animated film, which will come out in 2017. We'll announce a distributor shortly for that film. And again, we are able to make that movie for more of a nominal cost than a traditional animated film given all of our experience and expertise in animated television production, although this certainly will be on scale with all the other animated films you've seen in terms of quality and the look and the feel of the movie. The music as well as the cast is quite good but I won't steal the team's thunder. They'll announce some of that shortly. And that will be the next project from Allspark.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah, I think it's more of the latter of what you said. I think they're flexing space up. They're going to use a lot of space that wouldn't otherwise be dedicated to the modular or to end caps. I think you're going to find distinct locations for STAR WARS product in addition to more traditional locations. Remember year-to-date, MARVEL is performing incredibly well, and so I think retailers will continue to want to support the MARVEL lines. In the quarter and year-to-date, MARVEL has performed incredibly strongly. In the quarter, STAR WARS has performed well. The POS for both of those are very strong double-digits. So I would imagine retailers would want to support both. And then, of course, you have brands like NERF that continue to perform within the Boys arena. I'd say retailers are supporting more brands and more initiatives. I don't see cannibalization.
Brian D. Goldner: All right, so, if you – Tim, if you look at what's going on right now in the market, I would say there's discounting going on now at retail. In fact, you'll see that going on. I can't really comment on what the size of inventories will look like in January but I will tell you we will launch a full line of product in January and add to that as we go throughout the year. Certainly, 2016 is a year where we work to get to scale. We've been investing this year ahead of revenues, so that we can have a very strong launch for the line and then continue to grow it over the next several years. We do believe that there is upside in that business versus historical trends.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. So on September 4 we'll have our full product lineup of STAR WARS product, but as you know we are experts at waving in new characters within those SKUs. And so you'll see us using our wave management techniques to bring new characters in constantly and new play patterns in as well. So what you see on September 4 will then be refreshed with new characters as we get closer to the film, as we introduce people, or the film introduces people to new characters. We'll then have characters that will follow that in time for Christmas and into New Year. And then you will have new waves of product and characters that will come in first quarter, second quarter and throughout 2016. So we're trying to say that we're going to constantly refresh and update that product line as we've been known to do. It will give us an opportunity to continue to bring new innovation in everything from role-play to vehicles to action figures. And I think you are going to be really impressed with and we'll hopefully be able to share with you shortly what the product line looks like. Retailers have been very happy with the product lineup and are very excited.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah, the restage of Duel Masters is going on as we speak. And the team has been working on several new initiatives around Duel Masters over time. In NERF, it's a combination of really strong carryover items from holiday that have continued to perform quite well. And then we have a number of new spring items. It is not related to Modulus. Modulus really comes in mostly in the second half of this year. And that will be more of the holiday offering, but the performance has continued to be quite strong, item for item and the user-generated content continues to grow.
Deborah M. Thomas: And that really ties in nicely to, actually, to the cash prioritization question because as we said consistently first and foremost, we want to invest in our business. And while we are always open to acquisitions, we are skeptical because we've seen that as we continue to invest and just invest in the skills we need around the blueprint, our brands and the new brands that we are investing and creating we believe will give the greatest return to our shareholders. So from a cash prioritization standpoint first and foremost we'll continue to invest in our business and then return excess to shareholders through our dividend and our share repurchase program.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Absolutely. Good morning, Eric. You are right, as we look at the investments, they are not really new investments we're making in the business. It's a continuation of what we've talked about previously. Investing in systems, Brian spoke earlier about our investments, our continued investments in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online. We continue to invest obviously ahead of revenues on the Disney Princess and Frozen lines, doing that because most of those investments are in U.S. dollars. It's just driving those rates a bit higher than we thought as we've seen foreign currency kind of settle out on the revenue line. So really for us it's nothing new from an investment standpoint. It's just we are seeing more the impact of the continued foreign exchange trends on the percentages and driving that up. From a gross margin standpoint, our Partner brands continue to exceed our expectations and we believe that trend we see today will continue. What that does is to remind everyone when we have entertainment-backed property, they tend to command a higher price point and with that, they also carry higher royalties. So really what we were trying to say is we had called that gross margin would be around the same level it was and that we'd be able to sustain the level of what it was for the full year 2014. We think it may be a bit higher but in line with that we think our royalty expense will be a bit higher as well. So really what we're saying is if you look at the two together we are not expecting anything significantly different than what we told you at year-end. We're just acknowledging that that mix is a bit different and that's really what you are seeing in that gross margin line is mix.
Deborah M. Thomas: No, not really. I mean our brands continue to do well. As you know, we report our sales net because we believe that that's actually the cash we'll collect and we think that's the best representation for our shareholders. But it's really we see nothing unusual. As Brian mentioned, our POS is strong and our retail takeaway has been good. Our retailers are excited about what we're heading into the fall with. So nothing unusual.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, first and foremost, we want to invest in our business, so much of that buyback is flexible depending on our level of investment. Beyond that investment in the business, we always prioritize our dividend, it's the promise we've made to our shareholders, we want to make sure we can maintain and our directors had increased our dividend again this year, I think for 10 years out of the last 11 years. So that's our prioritization and then we use our excess cash to go to the buyback. In 2014 we had mentioned we were able to cost-effectively bring some excess cash back to the U.S. and we returned that to shareholders through buyback. This year, we continue to believe that we'll be more in line with the 2013 levels than 2014.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we mentioned the impact on royalties of TRANSFORMERS, year-on-year, so that's actually if you look at the revenue mix, it really is just how our royalty expense flows.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we think on a full-year basis we mentioned our gross margin should be a bit higher but our royalties will also be a bit higher. We have a fair amount hedged of product costs through the rest of the year. I think last year we had about 78% hedged of our product purchases and we probably have just a little bit less than that this year. So we've kind of built that protection into our gross margin for the year. For us the change is really going to be about product mix.
Deborah M. Thomas: As far as our expenses, Tim, we were saying that while you might see different items in the mix and I think I got asked the question about overall expenses earlier as well, our plan for the year really hasn't changed but what we see is mix and the mix in our line item has changed, and with the continued impact of Forex – as a matter of fact if you look at, kind of at our quarter end rates, our 2014 revenues would have been $286 million less than they actually were – with the impact the continued impact of Forex and just the timing of some of those expenses. Some of the percentages will look a bit different as you go through the full year.
