Chris Cocks: Thanks, Deb. Before we turn to Q&A, let me take a minute to recognize Darren Throop. Today is Darren’s last earnings call as he is leaving Hasbro at the end of the year. Darren grew eOne into an accomplished studio with strong talent, a rich library of content and production capabilities across mediums. Over the past few years, he has served an invaluable role in the integration of eOne with Hasbro during an unprecedented environment. The D&D film next year and the robust pipeline in development is the direct result of his hard work. Thank you, Darren, for your leadership, and we wish you tremendous success in the future. Now we will take your questions.
Chris Cocks: Well, Eric, hey, first off, thanks for the question and good morning. I will turn it over to Eric, as you asked. Generally speaking, we’re seeing a great partnership with our retail partners. We have a very high percentage of our promotions and advertising budget focused on Q4 with our new innovation coming out. And so we remain optimistic about what our prospects look like for that new innovation and what it sets us up for 2023 and beyond. Eric, I’ll turn it over to you for the balance.
Chris Cocks: Yes. We’re certainly bullish about D&D’s prospects. The film has had a fantastic introduction at Comic-Con. I think it’s one of the highest viewed trailers that Paramount has ever released. There’s a nice buzz about it, both at Comic-Con and on the general Internet and among fans. And so we think that’s going to be a great launching platform for international expansion and category expansion across licensing, merchandising, digital games as well as driving the core business. I think I’ll turn this one over to Eric. And then, Cynthia, if you have anything to add, feel free about the international dimension to Eric’s question.
Chris Cocks: No problem. Good morning, Arpine. Thanks for the question. Yes, our outlook has not changed since our Investor Day. We continue to feel like there’s a lot of green shoots in the portfolio. There’s some exciting innovation coming out across NERF, across games, a ton of innovation coming out on Magic: The Gathering, our first $1 billion brand. Our approximately flat guidance just looks at kind of all factors put together, inclusive of what the macroeconomic environment looks like and what the state of the consumer looks like.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So there’s two components to inventory. There’s Wizards of the Coast and Digital, which we have a lot of set releases coming out. So there will be some decline in inventory there that should be fairly significant. And then there’s what our Consumer Products team is doing. I’m going to turn it over to Eric to talk about recent POS trends that we’re seeing across the G5 markets and North America.
Chris Cocks: And it should be noted, 67% of our advertising and promotional budget is in the remaining, what, 12 weeks left of the year.
Chris Cocks: And so we’ve seen a highly promotional sensitive environment. Actually, the markets where we’re seeing the best share trends are where we started a little earlier on that promotion.
Chris Cocks: Well, as we talked at our Investor Day, we have a plan to double the size of the Wizards of the Coast and Digital segment over the next 5 years by 2027. That growth will be powered by continued resilience in our tabletop business and brands like MAGIC and D&D. But we’re planning to double the percentage of the segment that’s driven digitally. And we have a fairly balanced approach to how we think about where our digital investments are. We have a large and growing license business, where the majority of our mobile products are done. We work with some of the best names in the business, Scopely being one very big one. And then we’re leaning in a lot into games as a service or game platforms as a service like we have with D&D Beyond as well as a bunch of really high-caliber studios that are building some great AAA games that we’re looking forward to sharing more about over the coming quarters. So while the digital games market might have its ups or downs in any given quarter or any given year, I think the trend is decisively in the direction that interactive entertainment is the future of entertainment. And I like how we’re positioned as a company.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Well. Hi. Thanks for the question. No, I think it’s a couple of things. So, as we look at price, we look at a couple of different factors. First, we look at consumer segmentation. And so you have the mass consumer, and then you have the collector and the fan segment. Collector and the fans segment tends to be very price inelastic. It’s a very resilient segment that’s very passion-driven. And as long as you build a great product and a great play system and continue to invest behind it, we find our fans stick with us. And that’s been a major driver of growth for us. Our two fastest-growing businesses this year are our pulse business and Magic: The Gathering. And those are very high-margin businesses and very lucrative segments for us that we will continue to lean in, in the years to come. On our mass side of the business, at our Investor Day, we talked about this concept of play systems and play system-based innovation. And really, that’s a high-low strategy of product development, where you have great opening price points. And you pair that with ladder-up opportunities for great giftable items and great kind of stretch items for fans of all ages. And I think what you are going to see is us investing more and more in both sides of those segments. And we think that will be on trend with where we see the market going.
Chris Cocks: Hi. Thanks, Linda. Yes. So, our Entertainment segment has a very strong lineup in Q4, particularly in TV productions. Now, the nature of TV productions often have with what’s the dating with the network. And so we are seeing a little bit of slippage on when things are being dated inside of the streamers or the various networks that we are working with. That affects payment timings and delivery timings of the content. And that’s what I think you see going on in Q4 of this year. That said, we see our Entertainment segment ex music being down about mid-single digits, maybe high, low – maybe low-single digits. But a lot of that is just deferred revenue that goes from Q4 into Q1 and points to continued growth and good prospects in 2023.
Chris Cocks: So, Gerrick, when we talk about inventory, we talk about company inventory. And we talk about it across our CP and Wizard segments. So, as Eric mentioned, we see the CP inventory up either low-single digits or mid-single digits. And we see our Wizards inventory likely down in Q4, which contributes to up low-single digits for a company as a whole. I will turn it over to Deb to talk about where we see the broader mix of inventory across our channel partners.
Chris Cocks: Jason, we haven’t shared a specific by segment guidance for next year. We only shared kind of longer term 2025 to 2027 guidance. That said, we feel really good about where we are positioned for consumer products, both on the innovation we have coming out this Q4 and how that comps into the first half of next year, a stacked entertainment lineup, which creates a lot of tailwinds for us that I think more than compensates for the business exits that we have. And then we continue to believe in our Games segment. And as we just talked, entertainment is going to have some revenue that moved out from Q4 into Q1, which certainly represents at least a modest tailwind helping that business as well.
Chris Cocks: Well, we have had a great growth for Magic: The Gathering. Since I started back in 2016, the business has almost tripled. And as I have said, we are up through the first nine months of this year by 5%. And the general gaming category is down by most measures close to double digits. And we think that Magic will be up double digits by the end of the year. Cynthia, I don’t know if you want to talk a little bit more about this, particularly what we have coming in Q4, but we remain bullish on the product.
Chris Cocks: And I would say just one last thought as you think about Wizards. Magic has been incredibly important to the growth of Wizards, but D&D – as much as Magic has grown, D&D since the release of fifth edition back in 2014, gosh, it’s probably 10x the size it was back then. And we have an amazing roadmap ahead for D&D with AAA films, some exciting TV projects that we are going to announce shortly, AAA video games, big partnerships, huge merchandising and licensing efforts. And so I really think that Wizards of the Coast is positioned to become a two foundation business over the next several months. That just will get better and better, driving our blueprint over time.
Eric Nyman: Sure. Thanks, Eric, for the question. Maybe just to build on what Chris is saying, Eric, as we roll into Q4, we talked about how specifically for Hasbro our big innovations were back half loaded. We feel very positive about the innovations that we’ve recently launched. And if you look at retail right now, we started off quarter four with the big promotion with Amazon where they did their Prime Day early access sale, and Hasbro performed very strongly. So I think you will see a promotional environment in Q4. We built excellent programs around the world with all of our retail partners. And I expect that we’ll continue to see POS momentum as we go forward.
Eric Nyman: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Arpine. Yes, with regards to POS and market share, we talked quite a bit at Investor Day about how Q4 was really our focus, and we’re back half loaded with regards to innovation. We’re seeing, as Chris mentioned, good green shoots at this point, in addition to just Amazon and the Prime Day early access sale. So for example, across the EU 5, Australia, our market share and POS trends are improving, flat to slightly up over the last month. And we’re also seeing the same level or different levels but positive improvement in the U.S. over the past several weeks. And that’s something that we’re obviously motivated to continue to build on.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think excellent points. And I think if you look at the trends that we have seen, Megan, we continue to believe in our lineup for 2023. Retailers, regardless of macro trends, are always very interested in supporting and promoting our great entertainment and our partners’ great entertainment. So, at risk of repeating, when you have a lineup like ours next spring, which starts with The Mandalorian 3 from our partners on Disney+, we then have all those movies that Chris talked about from Ant-Man and the Wasp, Quantumania, D&D, which we talked about already Honor Among Thieves, Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3, Across the Spiderverse in June, Transformers later in June, Indiana Jones at the end of the month in June, turning into July and then the Marvels, which was recently announced on Disney+ Day by the Disney folks. That’s a heck of a lineup and we have products and great programs supporting all of them. So, we do expect that we will have a really nice start to retail going through Q1 and Q2 in that mid-term period that you asked about going into next year.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think that’s right, Megan. When you look at what we are doing as a business, what we do – what we certainly expect is that we are going to see some good growth, particularly across our action brands next year, which is really the predominance of what I just highlighted. And I also want to point out that a big reason for what we are doing from a strategic standpoint is to improve our profit story. So, certainly, from a consumer product standpoint, we not only expect to have that improvement that you asked about with regards to net revenue, but we expect and we will continue to focus on that operating margin expansion, which you will see from the consumer products unit next year as we exit businesses, but also work on our operational excellence program that both Chris and Deb mentioned in their opening remarks.
Eric Nyman: Sure. Thanks Mike. It’s Eric. Good morning. Want to see you at Hasbro. I will answer in order. And if I forget anything, you can jump in again, Mike. But your first question was about closeouts, allowances and promotional activity. I would say we pride ourselves on making sure that we continue to stay ahead of our inventory situation. And as we worked through Q3, as Chris already mentioned, we brought in some inventory in Q2. And we wanted to make sure that we started early activations with our retail partners, which we did. I expect Q4 to be in line with where we have been and we will work through our inventory again to finish the year in that low to mid-single digit area that we talked about. And that’s what is built into our story that we have already discussed this morning. I think with regards to businesses we are exiting, which is the second part of your question, we do expect that as we exit those businesses, both this year in Q4 as well as throughout next year, that we will manage that decline through the growth in other brands focused on our Franchise Brands. We talked a lot at our Investor Day on fewer and bigger as our strategy, and that’s not going to change. So, you are going to see us with that growth in those Franchise Brands and the Partner Brands that we are going to stay behind like Star Wars and Marvel. And we are going to exit some others. And as we exit some of those other brands, as I already mentioned to a prior question, you will see an increase in operating margin. So, I think it’s an excellent thesis to invest in for Hasbro.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I think if I could add to that, Fred, I think the other thing that you are seeing in the industry right now is that brands are more resilient and private label is not. In fact we have seen a lot of noise in the industry over the last, call it, quarter where retailers are closing out a lot of private label, shifting that private label to closeout shops around the country and around the world. So, I think for us, we are clearly a branded house, and we have some very strong brands at Hasbro. And we are seeing pricing sticking and being able to be stronger through this environment. And as Chris mentioned, a lot of that is due to the consumer and the way that we segment our consumers.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I would also just add, Gerrick, that we have some Q4 elements that we didn’t have from a comp last year. So, not only are we comping a fairly non-traditional comp, as Deb mentioned, we were in chase mode significantly last year. But we also have a big theatrical movie this fourth quarter with Wakanda Forever from Disney. And that’s something that we didn’t have in Q4 last year as well as some new brands. Last year, we were really at the very early stages of our eOne integration of PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS and now we have really good flow for that inventory. So, we are feeling good again about where we are. And I think, as Deb mentioned, it will be a traditional sales and allowances cadence as we work through inventory this fourth quarter.
Eric Nyman: Yes. I would also just add, Jason, as you think about the future, I do want to mention, since we haven’t talked much about it, our operational excellence program and just note that we believe we will be a stronger, more disciplined, more profitable company going forward. And we have the $250 million to $300 million cost savings plan in that mid to longer term outlook that we feel very confident in as well.
Cynthia Williams: Yes. The one thing I would add is when you think about DUNGEONS & DRAGONS Beyond and being the premier digital toolset for [indiscernible], it gives us a great opportunity to expand both internationally, but also the tools and capabilities we give all of our players, it’s going to give us a wonderful opportunity to monetize more of our player base than the Dungeon masters that we are monetizing today.
Cynthia Williams: I think the other thing I’d say is just what a great lineup we have for Q4, kicking off with this – we have Warhammer 40,000 from our universes beyond, Brothers Wars coming up, two strong secret layers, one featuring the platinum selling music artist Post Malone, the other being a 30th anniversary countdown kit. And of course, we’ve got the high-end collectible Magic 30th Anniversary Edition, which was inspired by Magic’s beta set and includes some of Magic’s really iconic cards like Black Lotus. And finally, I’d say all five tentpole releases we’ve had this year have all done more than $100 million in revenue. And this is the first year that’s happened.
Cynthia Williams: Yes. I think a couple of things that I would say is we did have one of our products sort of slip out a little bit into Q3, which was Infinity. And that was a supply chain issue. But other than that, our releases that are coming up for this year with Brothers War with our secret layer drops, which are direct-to-consumer, our Magic 30th edition is also direct-to-consumer. So, I would say that within the channel, you have got the same number of sets happening in a year in the hobby channel. They have just shifted a little bit in timing due to some supply chain issues.
Deb Thomas: Thanks Megan. No, as we talked about is we have a very strong mix of revenue. Much of that inventory we have on hand now coming from our different groups. We are actually seeing reduced distribution costs. So, we are seeing some things come down now on the distribution side. I think all supply chain is easing up a bit. The one exception, I would say, is still paper, which is still a bit of a challenge. And we have stocked up on paper so we can make sure we have supply. So, you are seeing some of that in our inventory balance as well. So, between mix, our cost savings, we will start to see the benefit of cost savings. In fact we have said we are going to see about $20 million of that impact predominantly coming in the fourth quarter. And a big piece of that is actually coming in consumer products as well. So, between mix, cost savings, actions we’ve taken to-date to make sure we have product on stock, that’s how we look at our margin for the fourth quarter and why we remain confident in the fact that we can hit 16% on a full year basis.
Deb Thomas: Right. So, retail inventory is up, as we said at the end of the quarter, but it’s of good quality. And we have a lot of promotional activity planned for the fourth quarter. So, our specific guidance was on our inventory is exactly as Chris said. But retail inventory, we are working with our retailers on promotional activity, and much of it was setting for a lot of this new innovation that we are having in the fourth quarter.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, let me take the sales allowance question. And then I can answer some of the closeout question, and then Eric can as well. But we are seeing price allowances a bit higher, all sales allowances period, right, whether price or not a bit higher this year than last year. And the reason for that is if you think about it, we couldn’t even get stock last year. So, our retailers were selling what they could get for less promotional activity with the consumer, and that was the consumer takeaway last year. So, this year I would say we are returning to a more normal level of sales allowances. Nothing unusually high, but last year was unusually low. And we talked about that and the benefit from that. With respect to just certain territories, we have had some high levels of inventory in pockets that just weren’t working that well. So, as we look around the globe, we have moved some of that inventory. Some of it’s been in the U.S., but some of it’s been in various places in Europe and in certain territories, particularly in the Pacific region.
