Brian Goldner: Yes. Good morning Steph. Well, I think that for us the greatest lever that's driving our thought process around Q2 is just the path to the consumer. And as we've seen major retail store closures around the world, as we've seen warehousing in certain areas of our business close, and as we look at certain factories, for example, in Massachusetts that are presently closed that we expect to open, reopen shortly as part of the phase reopening, we just recognize that the path to the consumer is more challenging, while we are also seeing in April so far very good growth in our POS. In fact, I think this is a story this year where e-comm and omni-channel really are stepping up and we're seeing growth in e-comm and omni-channel in the United States have more than 60% growth and our games business growing as well. So there's a multivariable math going on, where we're just looking at how we move through many closed retailers, how we look at our licensees who are trying to sell products, not only from the biggest retailers that remain open and are executing incredibly well but also smaller retailers where they are closed and are planning openings for later in Q2 and Q3. As we get more clarity and as we engage with more administrations in the United States and around the world, we're starting to see path toward these reopenings and we're starting to see that phased reopening schedule come to light. And I think that, that will help us as we get through the remainder of Q2.  But Q2 will be a more challenging quarter than any quarter of this year. We have very robust plans that have continued throughout this quarter. Bring Home the Fun campaign, our brands and across the board in gaming, which we can talk more about are all doing quite well. But out of abundance of caution and as we see where the levers are and the path to the consumer through our customers, that's really our caution on Q2. 
Brian Goldner: Good morning. We've used a variety of sources around the world and I think the strategic sourcing footprint that we had put in place is really benefiting us. We're getting about 55% of our products today out of China and that supply chain is up and running, it’s robust. And we'll catch up on our new initiatives that we were producing for later this quarter Q3 and Q4 in just the next couple of weeks to months. And we have a number of big new launches that are coming including around NERF Ultra as we roll that out around the world. We’re also clearly working through some of the warehousing closures that have occurred in parts of the country. It's part of the reason why, in addition, just to the demand for MAGIC: THE GATHERING tabletop game cards, we also moved up some shipments of MAGIC: THE GATHERING in Q1. We began a rolling release calendar for Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths. So we started with the launch on Arena mid-April and then we'll have the official launch by mid-May. But we made cards available earlier. We also produced Mystery card boosters earlier and got those out to our Wizards Play Network stores, so that they would have those cards free of charge. And they could keep the proceeds of the sales of those cards to help support those small store owners that are part of our Play Network longer term. So it's a variety of levers that we're pulling. The team is doing an incredible job. We're seeing a continued growth in POS. In April we saw a very strong growth throughout Easter but really, week-on-week very, very strong growth and trade off here is really very strong growth in online and e-comm. And of course, with less store traffic, less footfall we're seeing a decline in the brick and mortar POS offset by tremendous increases in e-comm and omni-channel executions.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we do see it as an opportunity for a permanent step up. I think people are discovering more of our games. If you look at our Games business overall, what research tells us is, it's not just the fans of all of our games, including our face-to-face games and MAGIC, that are coming to our games business, but rather with increased penetration we're seeing people take hold of gaming globally, more people wanting to make connections to play a variety of our games. Our games sales by brand are going more deeply into our portfolio. So it's not just the top games you and I can talk about, but really across the portfolio, from preschool all the way to adult. Now let's talk about MAGIC. So MAGIC during the quarter, we could see with our team in Seattle, Washington, where business was going and they transitioned our organized play to digital. And we've seen a high level of engagement, including new growth of Arena, but also new net players for the quarter. We shipped Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths earlier, that's trading card and moved to our rolling release plan that gets full worldwide rollout by mid-May. The team shifted to digital Friday Night Magic at Home which is working incredibly well. And also a MagicFest Online and that's performing well as -- in addition to Magic at Home. We're also supporting the hobby stores as I mentioned, but I also have to say Magic tabletop was up in the quarter in a substantial way because we started back in January with Theros Beyond Death release. We had several other releases throughout first quarter. And we had a number of TCG or trading card game releases scheduled for the remainder of the year. So storytelling will continue to be robust throughout the year.  On Arena, we have now seen 2.1 billion games played, and on average, players are spending more time on Arena than ever before. We're up an hour per week to nine hours from eight hours. We're seeing overall player engagement and satisfaction is very high, with the highest engagement and satisfaction from players who are playing both tabletop and Arena. So that leaves us or nets us an increase in new players across the brand, as we made these fast changes, the team has done a fantastic job. And also, as we go forward to the point of permanent increases in game players, and play for Magic, we can confirm that we're bringing Magic Arena to mobile this year, both in iOS and Android. And we're also launching with partners Tencent in China and you'll see it as well on Mac. So we're having a very strong period for Arena. In fact this period over the past month has been the strongest period since launch and we're seeing acceleration. Ikoria preorders are the strongest versus all previous Arena sets and then we've added some new features as well. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Brian Goldner: Yes, Mike, good morning. So overall, our plan for the year, as we laid it out for you earlier this year was that eOne was going to deliver more half hours than in 2019; and in fact, probably about 20% more. In the first quarter, it was always planned that we were going to deliver less half hours than the prior year and then that was exacerbated by the fact that we were unable to finish certain episodes within the quarter as the editorial houses were shutting down along with production. So, we expect to deliver episodes that were to be finished in the first quarter later. It’s around really high rated shows like The Rookie, for example, where delivering those episodes produces very strong revenues for the company. The plan for the year was always a little more back half loaded. And we continue to believe it will be obviously offset by now considering the fact that in the Q2 period we’re unable to go back into productions, obviously productions are shut down, editorial shut down.  Having said that, the animation side of the business is very vibrant up and running and people are able to create animation, produce animation and render animation all during this period. So the family brand size is very healthy and they're continuing to produce a product for legacy eOne brands, as well as continuing to work on MY LITTLE PONY feature film which we intend to bring out in CG next year.  So overall, the key questions become one where when we can get back to production, and the timing of that. Obviously our team is working along with a whole group of producers and studios to determine how to reopen production and to do so safely, and to do that as an industry. Our expectation right now is that we begin to reopen and get back to productions in the third quarter. Also the team is being very inventive, our unscripted team has figured out how to create production in a box, where they literally are delivering production studio to people that they want to interview or put as part of their unscripted shows and delivering that box to doorsteps and producing shows and then taking those boxes back. So the team is being very thoughtful about how to get productions done, and yet the major productions will have to be waiting until we get more of the production capabilities up and running, as we move through the different phases of reopening economies. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. So first, we've done a lot of work and the games team has really looked at just what the demand has looked like in the first quarter, and how that could have a bearing on the overall games business. And what they've really concluded, and we've talked a lot about, is the fact that the penetration of gaming has increased substantially. We're seeing a lot of new people buying our games and buying them more deeply. And yet the increases we're seeing while incredible during the first quarter is not nearly as big as what games are in Qs three and four during the holidays. And so, we continue to believe that we will see games continue to be an area that will sell quite well, both face to face, as well as digitally. The number of new innovations that we're bringing to games in the second half of the year is really just so heartening to see what the teams have been able to do and how they've been able to innovate and continue to bring games forward. So across every brand, there'll be new ways to play our great games, including Operation PET Scan, Cluedo Liars, and a number of Monopolies, including 85th anniversary edition. So we really see this is just a step-up in the first half, but the games have significant meaning to people, as we're able to connect socially. And we're seeing that as I said, across every demographic and psychographic for MAGIC: THE GATHERING to MONOPOLY to CHUTES AND LADDERS.  Then as we think about the theatrical business, we certainly are going to see less movies released this year than in 2021. So in fact, 2021 is shaping up to be quite a great year, where we'll have more than a half dozen movies that we will be supporting. We have a lot of innovation coming for the second half of the year. We saw the great support that we got and the growth that we saw in Frozen and STAR WARS in Q1. We'll see home entertainment window for Trolls later this year, and that will be very helpful, as we continue to market that brand in partnership with Universal. And I feel that clearly, people may not be back in the theaters as much -- in the short-term, we don't have that many theatrical initiatives planned for the back half of this year and far more now for 2021. 
Brian Goldner: We're seeing clearly our top customers are open, but also other stores that sell essential goods are also open and drug and value stores are open, Dollar Stores, many of them are open. Around the world hypermarkets are open. Back in Asia stores are reopening. In the Pacific, we saw very strong growth of our business around the big mass retailers, and online continues to grow globally. Clearly, toy specialists are not open, and they are selling online where they have those capabilities. We have a sense that probably 25% to 35% of our retail doors are closed right now. But then again it varies so much by geography, as to what's going on, because of course, markets like Italy have been completely closed and Spain have been completely closed, as is the UK. So that's not a place where we were to give you a figure, because in fact, we're down to just the stores selling essential goods for groceries, and very little footfall inside of stores, where people are buying online.  So I'd say overall, that's why we've tried to give you some guidance around Q2, and yet as we look at the reopening plans, which are now really starting to accelerate and geographies are starting to make thoughtful plans around the science and bringing people back out into the world, we would expect that economies start to get going and people will come back into stores, albeit through protocols designated by different geographies around the world. 
Brian Goldner: No, we look at what's heartening about eOne and that team, is their expertise in creating amazing entertainment. And they've been one of the top independent producers and studios for several years. We've seen their strength. They have more than 100 projects in development. We already have more than 15 Hasbro projects in development. The teams have done an incredible job of coming together, albeit virtually over the past six, seven weeks. The inculcation in Hasbro brands, the development and moving forward on Hasbro brands has really been quite heartening and people are really embracing the opportunity to work together. So our expectation for the year was that the number of half hours we'd grow and it just matters, how many of those episodes we can deliver in the back half of the year, and that's why in addition to other levers, we've just said, it's hard to predict if those predictive models change a little bit, it changes the outcome. And so, we don't believe there is a loss of demand. We just believe it's a shift of timing and that we will deliver all of these episodes and all of these new initiatives. And there are several that are continuing to come forward. And just a few weeks ago, there was a new series on HBO that was produced by eOne called Run. I encourage you to the watch it. It was really fantastic. So we're seeing new series come from eOne. It's just a matter of when we're able to deliver those series, and whether that's all in 2020 or some of that moves to 2021, we will have to see. 
Brian Goldner: It's a great question and good morning. Now we've seen pretty consistent growth in POS. Our overall POS in North America for example is up -- in the U.S. is up by double-digits overall, including brick and mortar and online, with online POS continuing to perform at a very strong level, up and through the Easter period, even post Easter, we're seeing very strong results in POS, obviously driven around our gaming portfolio, around PLAY-DOH, and NERF Ultra, there are other brands that are really doing quite well for us. Our partners' brands in Frozen and STAR WARS, BEYBLADE is performing well. And so we didn't see a specific change as people receive checks, we've just seen an overall, very strong and positive POS and demand for our product. 
Brian Goldner: Look, not really. We are in our fourth month together. As a team, we're really focused on our four areas of our business. As people work distantly, we've always said to break it down into what really matters, and that every person at Hasbro is able to contribute to one or more of the four key tenets of our business. Obviously, the most important of those is, in addition to focusing on our community and supporting our communities to create demand for our great products and our great entertainment, to ensure that we continue to build the supply of our toys and games, as well as the supply of entertainment everywhere we can. And then of course, underlying all of that is the liquidity of our business. And finishing the first quarter with $1.2 billion on our balance sheet, our access to our revolver, all speaks to the fact that we're managing cash very well, and Deb and her team have been amazing, as they've really navigated the current environment. We haven't really focused on asset sales and nor do we have to. We are liking the fact that the music business grew in the first quarter. Clearly, it's a digital business, with great artists and also our audio networks contributing. And we'll see where we go from here. We have the opportunity with an amazing array of brands. Some of those brands are already licensed out to third party toy and game companies. So TONKA is being produced primarily by another company. Micro Machines is being relaunched by another smaller company. And so we have that flexibility to license our toys and games to other companies, where we see the opportunity to do that, and to focusing on our top priorities of a very expansive, unique in the industry portfolio. 
Brian Goldner: The other thing that's interesting as we work with Darren and Steve Bertram and Olivier Dumont, and the eOne team, we went back and looked at how they had performed during fiscal years in that period and in fiscal year '09 and '10, they also had very strong years with lots of demand for content, increases in revenues. And we are seeing clearly a change in consumer behavior that benefits many of our categories of business, whether it'd be our digital business, our gaming business, our entertainment business, the content business, the PLAY-DOH business. And we just want to work our way through Q2, which will be a challenging period, mostly because of our access to global consumers, as people are rightfully spending time in homes and many of the retail doors have been shut. 
Brian Goldner: Yes look, we have an incredible sales team led by Michael Hogg, and if you go back a few years, each of our regions have been reinvented and are now performing at great levels, every time Michael and his team have gone in to look at how the business is being disintermediated and how we operate going forward. So five or six, years ago it was the U.S. business and then the European business, which is now performing well. And in Latin America, we don't have the same access to e-comm. E-comm's penetration is in the single-digits. So we've had to work through retail stores. There has been a lot of social unrest and consumers changing their shopping behavior, reduction in consumer shopping during the holiday. So we're just working through, what was some carryover product from the holiday period, places like Brazil and in Mexico, our two biggest markets. We also are seeing some of that in some of the smaller markets like Chile and Peru, and it's just a matter of a bit of time. I figure that we'll work our way through that this year. And as we get into 2021, we will be back in a better place. Again recognizing that we don't have the levers of e-comm or as much of omni-channel as we have in other markets, clearly WALMEX and Walmart are present in several countries down there and we clearly work with them across several different formats. But there are other retailers who are struggling more than a big retailer like Walmart, given the changes in consumer behavior and shopping patterns. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. There has been a real inventiveness in the advertising line, because we're able to work differently with our online and omni-channel retailers in creating content to commerce, which can be part of the way in which we work with retail. The teams are working more digitally and through social, which obviously saves on overall advertising expense, and yet becomes even more concentrated and targeted to audiences that we're trying to reach. Great example of that in the first quarter, and through the holiday was what we're doing in NERF. We created -- there is something called NERF House, which is almost short form content production delivered on social. It's headlined by several NFL stars, kind of a 90-style sitcom format, where they are playing with all of the new NERF product, they have Ultra One and Ultra Two and that costs far less to execute than linear television advertising. And so I think you'll see a shift from linear television advertising to more social and digital, that gives us the savings, and yet the effectiveness actually increases.  And then as Deb said, we're going to follow our patterns as we see it. We expect revenues in Q3 and Q4 can be very healthy, in fact as consumers continue to get access back and economies open, with the trends that we're seeing and the research that we've done about how sticky our games business is and our preschool business and people then get access to more of our toys that have been inside retail, we expect that we can have quite a robust second half of the year. And I mentioned 2021 is now setting up to be even a better year than we had originally expected with more than a half a dozen of theatrical releases that are expected during the period. 
Brian Goldner: Yes, look, I think there are some differences between making a shift at the last moment toward PVOD and presenting a piece of entertainment, as intended for streaming. So clearly, we were able to launch Trolls, but our plans were intended to be executed substantially through brick and mortar retail. We also of course have access to inventory for e-comm and omni-channel. But when you expect a theatrical release, you are eventizing around that theatrical release with our retailers and bringing people in stores from multiple categories of consumer products, including toys and games. We're really heartened with the fact that there will be still a home entertainment window for Trolls. We think that, that will be incredibly effective and continuing to market the Trolls property as we've seen in the past. We've been very successful with Trolls and Universal. That's where kids and families get to watch the movie over and over again. As you know the PVOD window was for a very limited time, where people got to see it and kind of had the access to the show for a couple of days, and we're going to market property throughout -- as compared to The Mandalorian, where that was intended to be a streaming series, we were able to market it through digital, knowing that it was coming in that manner. We're very excited about launching our first array of Baby Yoda products in May, and then the more interactive product, the animatronic product is still on track for the fourth quarter this year and our pre-sales have been very strong there. So, two different elements of a similar strategy, and the teams have done a great job in both instances and the partnership continues throughout the year.  In the fall, we'll have the second season of The Mandalorian and we are very excited about that launch, that should come around October. 
Brian Goldner: Yes, it's a great question. And so, a couple of things. Number one is, our teams are continuing to pitch a number of buyers and we're seeing very robust demand for our new original IPs, and we're starting, as we stand up, more Hasbro projects are seeing incredible interest. We've already, as I said, working on more than 15 different Hasbro IP projects in different categories or platforms of IP creation. The second thing to note is the demand for our library and our library productions. As studios have been unable to produce as much themselves and as much original content as they may want, we're seeing very strong demand for high-quality library content, that has not been exploited in certain geographies or territories. And so that's been a new opportunity for us, as we go through the year.  And then finally, as you talk to colleagues and you look at the marketplace, what's again heartening to us, is an increased desire for many buyers, streamers and other platforms for IP that's more fantasy-oriented, IP that's more family oriented, IP that's happy and fun and allows people to enjoy together, and other genres of IP may see in -- certainly in the next few years, a bit of a diminished interest. So we think we have an array of great branded IP that fits really well in the marketplace, and an opportunity to develop, not only for this year, but few years to come. Things that will be in high demand for the services, the platforms and most importantly, audiences and consumers around the world. 
Brian Goldner: Yes, look, I think what you are going to see, is a continuation of studios making products, specifically for theaters. And from both kitchen research and more expansive research, I don't think any of us only want to watch content at home. Although, we watch plenty of content at home with friends and family. People want the shared experience of going to a movie theater. It has been part of global way of life. It's sort of part of a middle class disposable income experience, and all of our friends and family certainly miss going out to movies, and I expect that people all over the world miss that opportunity as well. And I think it will continue to be that way. I do think that a few studios were caught in the midst of the transition from an open marketplace to one that was social distancing, and given they had spent so much on marketing for a theatrical release and that marketing is obviously very precious, I think probably decisions were made to make a transition in that period, and also probably to -- look at an opportunity to bring it straight to consumers.  I think people are pretty intentional. You're hearing from Disney and Disney+ what their schedules are going out for many years. What's going to be in theaters versus what's on Disney+. You're seeing the same from other studios. You will see that from Hasbro as well, where we are going to continue to produce great branded content for theaters. We are going to continue to see new Transformers movies coming. We obviously have Snake Eyes coming over the next year. We'll have MY LITTLE PONY movie that will come. But you will also see great stream content, because I think the key has been -- the unlock has been, people are now engaging with character and story so much on these platforms that we're able to drive interest and engagement in merchandise and game playing, as we have seen for The Mandalorian and some other stream platforms -- other stream properties. 
Brian Goldner: Well, look I think -- I wouldn't characterize it quite as you have. I think that there is going to be a lot of change in the near term, as people work their way through reopening up theaters and how do you do that safely and securely. But I think longer term, I think all of us miss the opportunity to go into a movie theater and enjoy a show together and get the broad audience reaction that you can't replicate just by watching at home. Having said that, we're going to continue to consume more content than ever before. We've seen that every time a new platform has been introduced, people are viewing more content than ever before. Young people are bending time with multiple formats of content being enjoyed. At the same time, we've talked about that over the past few years and we expect that to continue. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. We've clearly seen -- if we look at just overall global POS by region, growth in Europe and growth in Asia-Pacific, obviously decline in Latin America that's consistent with what we just described to you. As you look at global e-comm, Europe was very strong, some of our top customers, our e-comm customers, also people who have developed more robust omni-channel executions. We talked about how our team had really reinvented that business in Europe to look at the way, there was a disintermediated new e-comm and omni-channel structure that was emerging, and how consumers get product. In Asia, very robust e-comm business as you know. And then also in Pacific, meaning Australia, New Zealand, we saw very strong growth in the first quarter. The team down there has done a fantastic job. There are other markets that are less penetrated on e-comm and that's where the challenges in this particular period are more substantial or more -- is higher. 
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Steph. Yes, I think we will see that across each quarter, if you look at the pro forma numbers that we included in today's release and we wanted to make sure we included those so everyone would have those for modeling purposes. If you look at the pro forma and back out those one-time expenses that we tried to highlight from last year and add those to Hasbro's with any one-time expenses we did call out during the year and that will give you a sense of adding the companies together for the full year. But as we look at that, that total amount if you think about it kind of in the 10-ish million between the two line items per quarter, it's not the most significant number. And again, it's not in the underlying business. It's just aligning accounting policies, U.S. GAAP, everything else. So you won't see it again in 2021. 
Deb Thomas: As we look at the content that we're able to deliver, as Brian said, we may or may not be able to deliver the full amount that we had originally planned to, but we would expect that to change, commensurate with revenue, as we went forward. So if we're not able to deliver product and air it, then we won't start amortizing it. So that's really where the impact will come. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, if we go back to 2008-2009 timeframe, you'll see coming out of 2008, we actually grew in 2009, and it's about the storytelling, the content and when you talk about the industry being really recession-resistant, it is. People tend, whether it's parent or a grandparent, a caregiver, a relative, they tend to stop spending on their children last, right. So they'll go without themselves before they go without spending on their children. And so, when you look at that, you do see the industry is fairly recession-resistant and we were very fortunate, we have a very solid balance sheet. As Brian said, we've got great cash on our balance sheet. We have terrific liquidity to kind of see us through a recession, and we feel pretty good about coming out the other side, and we also have great content that's in demand. So when you have that storytelling around it and that content, we think that we are well positioned because of the diversity of all the pieces of our business, now more so than even kind of coming out of the 2008 recession, that we saw yeah. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. So if you look at the 2019 eOne that we put in today's release, and the one-time items that were called out, I think we called them non-GAAP items on the schedule, that were set out on that schedule in the release as well, and back those out, because those will not be ongoing items, they are not representative of the underlying business. And also, just look at anything, I don't recall that we had any one-time non-GAAP adjustments in Q2 of 2019. But just look at our results, the two results and add them together, as well as looking at -- we will have approximately $25 million a quarter on amortization for the acquisition and we will back that out, we'll call that out just like we did this quarter, and that we said we would do at the beginning of the year. So if you think about that, that translates down to what the combined OP should be. Now when you look at the revenue, as we said, we think that Q2 will be our most challenging quarter of the year. We talked about bringing some game sales in to Q1 to meet demand, and actually make sure that they were positioned in the right place, so they could actually get out to consumers, and wouldn't be trapped in a warehouse.  And so, we have a little bit of impact from that, and we have the impact of not being able to deliver production, under our assumptions. I mean we've just tasked the teams, with say, up to 25% of retail could be closed for the second quarter, because we just don't know yet, but we're watching that. As Brian said, where there is a robust e-comm channel, we're still able to get some product there, but we do think the second quarter will be our most challenging quarter. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well if trends continue and retail is down significantly, as we talked about, not being able to deliver on our production, just because we can't finish them, it's a timing issue. We're taking a lot of steps to reduce our expenses. I mean everyone around the company is looking at it, we've already taken some. But there is a potential that we would be challenged on the profitability side in the second quarter. However, on a full year basis, again, we think it's going to be a good holiday. We think that the holiday will still come. We have -- we're developing all the innovation. If we look at our full year variable costs, about 40% of our brand costs are variable. So we're managing each and every one of those, and I'll let Brian address advertising, but we are flexing advertising spend to when we will need it the most to drive demand, but also be mindful of the expense and the cash side of it. 
