Brian Goldner: Well, you first have your year on year around the movie timing, and obviously a big shipment quarter in the second quarter as opposed to more of the third quarter. And as in the third and fourth quarter we're beginning to sell the new initiatives toward the holidays, especially for Transformers.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. The royalties are down obviously, and our advertising we're still using to drive our products. Over time you might imagine as the TV initiative gets up and running that you might have a bit of a change between the two, but we're certainly continuing to advertise and we're now getting into the fourth quarter as our advertising will go up, as will our investment in our television initiative.
Brian Goldner: Overall we feel very good about our position with retail. Each retailer has some very strong plans for the holidays. We've talked about, certainly people have acknowledged, more linear feet in the toys department. We're seeing a lot of momentum around a lot of our innovative products across a number of brands. I would say the only place where we were back a couple of weeks would be like a Family Game Night promotion initiative that starts two weeks later this year versus a year ago. But other than that, no, not really.
Brian Goldner: Overall, I would say a couple of conclusions. Clearly, parents and kids are visiting The Hub and are spending time with the channel and also hubworld.com. Secondly, we're really seeing brands perform, whether it be Hasbro's brands like Family Game Night, or My Little Pony, Pound Puppies, or Pictureka!, but also other great brand stewards, brands like Strawberry Shortcake and Batman Beyond. So a great environment, where great brands and great things come together. Thus far we are very pleased with the results and we're looking forward to some of the major initiatives we have coming up, namely this weekend an amazing Taylor Swift special that starts on October 22 and runs for three nights, new episodes of Family Game Night, as well as Transformers launching later in the fourth quarter.
Brian Goldner: The efforts are continuing and we'll probably announce something relatively shortly, but again, the efforts are going on, a lot of excitement around the world for branded content, especially Hasbro branded content. And they're making good progress.
Brian Goldner: What we've done is we've brought back a handful of higher-priced items as an ultimate gift promotion with a retailer or two, and there is a demand among certain consumers for that ultimate under-the-tree gift. We felt that was missing from our line a year ago, and that we would bring that back out and re-promote it in partnership with our retailers.
Brian Goldner: Well you know very early on Felicia, we can identify the key drivers in our line and certainly have done a lot with our teams to ensure we understand the sales templates early on, what the rates of sales could look like. And so again, we're placing our bets in good quality inventory, in our major initiatives, and those initiatives that have already demonstrated a good propensity for high sales.
Brian Goldner: We feel very good about the ratings. David Zaslav and I spent a good amount of time talking about this over the last couple of days. The teams have done a tremendous job, if you've seen The Hub, which I hope you have. The marketing campaign has been very impactful, lots of favorable comments back from folks, and the ratings are indicative of people coming out and sampling, both parents and kids.
Brian Goldner: If you look at our total lineup in 2012 it's now shaping up to be another stellar entertainment year, motion picture-led year because of the recent announcement from Lucas on the re-release in 3D of the first episode one of Star Wars, which is new news over the last few weeks. And then you have two motion pictures from our partners at Marvel in the Avengers and then of course you have Spiderman from Sony and from Marvel coming, and then of course our Battleship. So there is an opportunity we see potentially to move Stretch out of '12 and into '13. Obviously between all of our motion picture initiatives and the TV initiatives there may be an opportunity to begin to populate the 2013 timeframe. And if you look at the difference, really for us Battleship is a wonderful opportunity. It's a brand that's obviously it's up in the quarter, and what we're seeing is a great array of online games and other digital games around Battleship. If you go to hubworld.com for example there's a great Battleship interactive game that's there that you can play that was developed by our partners at Electronic Arts. And so Battleship will be a completely immersive game [unintelligible] experience across a number of different platforms in time for the movie. Stretch Armstrong may be a little more traditional action figure business, and boys action business, albeit kind of comedic and fun, and slightly younger-skewing
Brian Goldner: Well, we're obviously working on a sequel to G.I. Joe, which was very successful as a motion picture and certainly drove toy sales in the year. We are working on Ouija, Monopoly, Clue, a number of different brands in the motion picture arena, which are all wholly-owned, Risk, all wholly-owned by Hasbro, and working with some great partners in Universal and Paramount and Sony. The other one I'd mention is we're beginning to redevelop and will launch Micronauts as a motion picture in the next couple of years as well. I don't want to give you specific dates on all that, but suffice it to say that's all in the offing over the next three to five years.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it was. In fact in the quarter we had growth in POS in pre-school and girls. Certainly as you look at boys, the underlying boys business, very strong POS growth, albeit we are comping up against Transformers, so if you look at Transformers that would be down year-on-year. But the underlying brands, Nerf or Marvel, are certainly contributing. Our games business year to date, POS is up. As I mentioned in a prior answer, we have moved back family game night promotions by two weeks, so we're seeing POS pick up a bit later. But again, I feel very strongly overall that our POS is right in line with our expectations and certainly reflecting some good innovative products out on the market already.
Brian Goldner: Next year we have a number of movies that we're very excited about: Transformers 3, expected to hit theaters around July 1, 2011, and then of course there's Thor, which comes. We have Captain America: The First Avenger, and then we'll have some games product around Cars 2. So overall feel very good about our 2011 motion picture lineup, both from Hasbro owned and operated brands as well as partner brands.
Brian Goldner: The revenues come in arrears, so you have to produce the content, you then provide it to The Hub, your partners. You then distribute the content, and then you would have all the waterfalls, be it digital distribution or DVD distribution over time.
Brian Goldner: Some of the biggest drivers in the boys category this quarter were certainly Nerf, not only in the U.S. but as we're now rolling out that brand around the world. Our Marvel businesses are certainly up significantly, and that's what's driving that. So it's a good balance in our portfolio, be it boys or girls, good balanced portfolio, breadth of brands, Hasbro's own brands and long-term license partner brands that are contributing to growth in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: It's doing very very well. We're feeling very good about Beyblades, starting to get placement around the world, domestically and in markets where the programming has been placed, has been very successful. And it's certainly been meeting our expectations and we're very familiar with the sales template for this brand, having done it before. And our partnership with Nelvana is quite good, and we feel very good about the prospects.
Brian Goldner: Overall, we are seeing already good growth from a number of different games across the breadth of the portfolio, be it Trouble, or Scrabble and Scrabble Flash, or Battleship, Monopoly. There's a lot of great brands being supported. My only point was as we look at the promotion year-on-year we had pushed it back by a couple of weeks and that does change the template. But of course as you know, games sell late in the fourth quarter very significantly, and so we felt that was warranted and would allow us to have a bigger impact. We have a number of new brands within games, or new lines within games. The Scrabble Flash is off to a tremendous start. CUPONK is a new line within the games business, which is a lot of fun to play and is having great success. So overall, again, games garnering great linear footage, great displays, great promotions. Our Monopoly promotion with McDonald's is going on presently, maybe you've seen some of the advertising. So again, feel very good about where we are with our games. In fact, Drew, we're not only seeing Scrabble do well as our analog product, but on the Kindle the Scrabble is the number-one app overall, even including books or other downloads. You can play Scrabble on your iPad, you can play Scrabble on other brands in a number of different forms and formats. So again, it's complementary and not cannibalistic to our analog business.
Brian Goldner: The one thing I'd add is that actually internationally our girls' business is up pretty significantly and it's really being driven by all the new initiatives around Furreal Friends and Baby Alive, Strawberry Shortcake and now the initial elements of our new segments within Littlest Pet Shop, with Blythe Loves Littlest Pet Shop. So again, seeing some good results there as well.
Brian Goldner: I'm not sure how to comment on that. I thought you were going to pitch me CUPONK the movie or something. [Laughter.]
Brian Goldner: David and the team just came back from Italy last week and spent some time with the Europeans and I think overall we're feeling very good about our business across the international markets.
Brian Goldner: Every one of our retailers, domestic and international, have pretty exciting plans for the toy category this holiday season. And certainly we are going to see more overall linear footage given the value of the toy department to retailers, to parents, and to kids, that is being really reflected now in the decisions about where to put the emphasis, the promotions, the marketing. So we feel good about the momentum thus far. We're already seeing really good over-the-counter sales of our new initiatives. We mentioned one segment, one promotion, that we pressed back by a couple of weeks in Family Game Night, but certainly we expect a very robust holiday season.
Brian Goldner: We had mentioned in the second quarter that Transformers was performing more like a year-after boys action brand than it had from 2008 from 2007 and that was really owing to the fact that we had chosen to move back our animation which we had had in 2008. We moved it back to time out with the launch of The Hub. So Transformers is performing more along the lines of a traditional decline year-on-year from the motion picture year to the year after.
Brian Goldner: Well sure. Across the board - okay so I have - Q3 in 2009 was a bit higher than Q4 last year on Transformers.
Brian Goldner: And then across boys, we've got a number of things that are really working. Obviously Nerf. We said a number of years ago that you could go out and garner consumer insights and believe that the Nerf idea is a global idea, not just a domestic idea, and we have now demonstrated that by growing Nerf several-fold and also growing it internationally. The opportunity to grow Nerf far beyond where it is today is still there and apparent, new segments being introduced, the Stampede is just one among many. Marvel is continuing to perform very well this year and is up. Star Wars we're really seeing now with the new season really coming into its own, and we're very excited about the Star Wars plans, not only for television but as it comes back into movies. Beyblade is getting started. So overall, again, we talk about a broad portfolio of great brands and boys is no different.
Brian Goldner: It was very broad-based. Playskool core is up, our Play Doh business, Tonka business, other businesses are all contributing. So yes, it's a broad-based strength, an array of great Hasbro brands.
Brian Goldner: Right now, if you go out in retail you'll start to see it. It's a major new segment for us within Pet Shop called Blythe Loves Littlest Pet Shop and Blythe is a doll that was back in the day and then was very popular in Asia and we've brought that into the line in a very inventive way. The team's done a really terrific job of introducing our first pet sitter as Blythe. And that will go forward as well. A number of new segments and initiatives for 2011, so like we've always said we need to constantly reinvent and reimagine reigniting our brands and there are times and quarters where you'll hit an inflection point, but I do believe it's about timing more than anything. It's similar with My Little Pony. We're just launching the animation now domestically. We'll launch that in 2011 internationally, and the My Little Pony line is reflective of this new "Friendship is Magic" TV animation, which will roll out around the world. And meanwhile, we have an array of great Hasbro brands that are driving our business, from Furreal Friends, Baby Alive, and also partnered brands with American Greetings, like Strawberry Shortcake. So a great, broad array of brands.
Brian Goldner: You'll see a bit of it happening late this year around the world and then it will hit more significantly in spring and into next year. And then obviously for fall of 2011 already contemplating a number of new initiatives - really exciting initiatives within Littlest Pet Shop and My Little Pony, which we'll share with you on November 9.
David Hargreaves: I think basically we're very happy with the level of inventories at the retail at the moment. We're looking for strong sell-through in the fourth quarter and we think the levels of inventory support that. With regard to old inventories, we are up a little bit versus a year ago. That primarily reflects the plans that we've put in place to deal with potential supply chain issues, be that labor shortages or containers. So I think we're very happy with our level of inventory, even though it's up a bit. I think overseas, very similar to the U.S. We're happy with the level of inventories that the retailers have and we think they'll support a strong sell-through in the fourth quarter.
David Hargreaves: I think we're probably through most of the container issues at the moment. They've abated and some of the surcharges that were on at peak have now been taken off, so I think we're through that. I think one of the things you're going to find going forward is that the old days with most of our suppliers' labor in Southern China being migrants who just came down during a peak period from June to November, that's kind of gone away. The workforce is people who live in the area and come to work from home on their bicycle, not migrants who come down and stay in dormitories. So I think in order to attract and retain this labor force throughout the year we are going to have to build a little bit more earlier than historically so I wouldn't be surprised to see inventories in the second and third quarter end a little bit higher than we've experienced in recent years. But not materially higher. I think there's been bit of a shift in the dynamic of China, China manufacturing.
David Hargreaves: So, emerging markets - by that I mean emerging Asia, emerging Latin America, and emerging Europe - today still remains a relatively small part of our overall international business, but it is growing very rapidly. So in some of those markets we're seeing 33%, 50% growth rates, but from a fairly small base. But what it does mean, that over the next few years we could be adding hundreds of millions of dollars to our revenues in markets like Brazil, China, Russia, etc.
David Hargreaves: I think overall in the U.S. we're maybe a little bit up versus last year. I don't think that's true for every retailer. Some are up, some are down a bit. But overall, we're certainly not less than last year. And we're kind of fine with that, because we're expecting some pretty good sell-through. We've got a lot of promotions, a lot of advertising, a lot of good new products launching, so that's okay.
David Hargreaves: It's mixed. I think the markets in Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech Republic, are certainly a little bit mature. They actually make returns similar to a lot of the rest of our business. But in the newer markets, in some of the bigger markets, where we clearly do believe we're in investment spending mode and they're not at break-even yet. I would say probably Brazil and China and Russia we consider that we are investment spending to get growth. We're in a very fortunate position, of course, that we have both the cash and the margin that allows us to do this at the moment. I think clearly we don't expect this investment spending to continue too long. I would say over the next two to three years those markets should turn positive.
David Hargreaves: We're feeling pretty good about our business in Europe. As Brian said, a lot of our new products, whether it's Beyblade, or whether its CUPONK, or whether it's Scrabble Flash, all of these products are doing pretty well over there. Certainly Nerf is doing really well, the Stampede had a great launch over there. So we have quite a bit of product momentum at the moment. By market, last year Mexico was a difficult market and so was Eastern Europe. Both of those have bounced back pretty well. I think Spain has been a difficult market last year, and I think that continues to be difficult. And I think our business in Germany is doing pretty good. So overall a lot of new product momentum and we're feeling good as we're going into the holiday season.
David Hargreaves: I don't get as good data internationally as we do in the U.S. So it's very difficult to make an overall informed comment. I think basically, as I talk to each of the general managers of each of our businesses in each of the countries around the world, they're pretty comfortable with the level of inventory out there. As I said, supporting what we hope is going to be a fairly strong POS season around the holidays.
David Hargreaves: No, I think we've had a lot of - we said at the beginning of the year that our business would be lots of singles and doubles and it might come a bit later, so we've had a lot of new initiatives during the third and into the fourth quarter, and people are always going to support good new initiatives.
David Hargreaves: I think we will continue to Beyblade launch. You always have ramp-up capacity, so I think we're still catching up with demand at the moment. I think we'll be shipping in in the fourth quarter and clearly we see Beyblade as going strongly into next year as well.
Deb Thomas: The FX impact we won't specify what the exact number was. It was more significant when you look at the margin mix year on year, because in the prior year, if you recall, with the changing foreign exchange rates, we had some very very favorable hedging that had flowed through our inventory. So that was really driving the rate down a bit more in 2009. So that's really the FX impact we're talking about, between '09 and '10. And with respect to the cost, it wasn't so much a cost increase for us, it was more this FX impact as well as the mix in revenues. So with the decline in entertainment and licensing revenue, which has very low cost of sales associated with it, along with the impact of the programming cost amortization that hit in the quarter, and this FX impact, it just made for a wider spread quarter-on-quarter than we normally see.
Deb Thomas: We did have some favorable hedges flowing through our P&L going into the fourth quarter as well - the fourth quarter of last year.
Deb Thomas: We've consistently said, Michael, that we do believe in investing in ourselves first. As David talked about some of the markets that we're entering in and expecting a lot of this revenue growth, we'll continue to put people there as needed in our efforts there as needed first, and then we do still remain skeptical of acquisitions, although if something's compelling we will certainly consider it if it fits in well with our brand portfolio. But beyond that, our expectation is we would continue to return our cash to our shareholders through dividend or share repurchase. And at the end of the third quarter, we had $157.5 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization.
Deb Thomas: I think that's good, and we are looking at, as that programming production amortization cost becomes greater next year, we are looking at breaking that out on the P&L to make that cost of goods measure easier to look at.
Deb Thomas: What you're seeing now is really minimal levels as we began to make deliveries to The Hub itself, so -
Deb Thomas: I think you're seeing a very minimal impact. And that's really what I was trying to get across, is that the bigger impact on our cost of sales line for the quarter was not from cost increases. As we've talked about previously, we lock in our prices for new product for about a 12- to 18-month period. So we do expect to see some cost increases next year and we'll price our products appropriately.
Deb Thomas: The amortization is tracking along, and we had some little blips of things that went higher and maybe had a little bit more amortization in the quarter because of the way they were tracking against particular revenues. So I don't think there's anything significantly different than the guidance we had given back in November at the last analyst day that you should be thinking of for amortization. It's more of just a timing issue. And the cap ex in the quarter was $26 million.
Deb Thomas: Outside of the network as we talked about we have an $874,000 loss from the network versus $1.5 million of income last year quarter-on-quarter, but outside of what's in that is really just a mix of interest income goes into that line and really just some small FX gains that became small losses this year. So there's just things mixing back and forth, but there's really nothing significantly different in that line year-on-year.
Deb Thomas: Certainly with respect to The Hub. We still have reiterated we believe that we'll have $0.25 to $0.30 dilution on the full year from The Hub, and our expectation is the greatest piece of that, the dilution will be in the fourth quarter, as the bulk of the marketing expenditures are being expended.
Deb Thomas: If currency moves differently we may have some gains, but our expectation is there won't be anything significant offsetting that in the quarter.
Deb Thomas: I think for the full year we still expect our cap ex to be around $120 million for the full year. And depreciation, that one I don't have at the top of my head, so let me -
Deb Thomas: I think if rates continue the way they are today it is less of a headwind than we thought it would be a quarter or so ago.
