Brian Goldner: Exactly. Well, Eric, you are absolutely right. Marvel has been a perennial strength in the portfolio. The teams have been working on major innovation in product. And yes, we will be taking advantage of in partnership with all the work Disney has done to put certain content on the streaming platform and Disney+. I hope you saw some of the trailers last night in the big game, and then also the theatrical launches. What’s really great is that we have hit a tipping point that we had believed would occur around this time where enough people are watching a streamed show over a given period, where we are able to eventize [ph] that effort and then get our retailers on board for major merchandising, promotions, and linear footage in store as well as actually more importantly, the e-commerce play between our content to commerce with short-form content, leading to purchases and all kinds of virtual feature shop. So yes, Marvel has been a perennial strength. The business held up very well last year, although we didn’t see growth and we believe that we have the opportunity. If you look at a business like Star Wars, where we’ve benefited from just stream content, it’s been the business that’s the size of a business back to a day when we had theatrical and yet we have no theatrical and has grown substantially behind The Mandalorian, and it’s not just The Child product, we have dozens of other products for Black Series, the kids business is up, our vehicle business behind mission fleet is up. If we look at our own experience with Transformers and War for Cybertron, which is our animated series on Netflix dedicated to more of a older kid in the fan community, it’s driven that business in a major way with Transformers results quite strong, POS good and really linking all of that to our e-comm and omni-channel effort. So yes, we have a major play this year and we are very excited about the combination of stream content as well as film content.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So we have – it’s actually on like a pre-release access on Android now and it will go to a full launch just a bit later this year, and the iOS format will also launch. So yes, it’s in 2021 and it’s a number of months from now and the team is well on its way to create the formatting, and it’s very, very playable and people really like the game. So, we are really excited about getting to the broader audience frankly in gaming that are playing mobile versus playing on their PCs.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Steph, the only thing I would add just to frame out for you our expectation for 2021 for eOne, we fully expect that given the way the team has developed new IP, the way they are working on Hasbro IP, the receptivity to new world-class branded IP and eOne’s historical strength, we probably could look at revenues this year, certainly, revenues growth from eOne and probably commensurate we saw back in 2019 for that business. So some real good growth that we expect and increasingly mix shifting into Hasbro IP over time, beginning with unscripted where it’s easier to produce, followed by some theatricals and scripted television.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yes. So look, I think you saw some very robust growth from the toy industry in 2020. And I think that NPD and other sources are kind of reevaluating what they think growth should look like for 2021. There has been some more modest expectations presented by some of the third parties. Our belief is that we should be able to grow in line or ahead of the toy industry numbers for the year 2021 for a number of reasons. We have great innovations. If I look at the way we finished the year where we had great product, we didn’t have product rolled out everywhere. But if you take the U.S. business, for example, in the fourth quarter, it grew 16% with 30% growth in Franchise Brands. Every one of our Franchise Brands was up with the exception of My Little Pony, and we’ve already talked about how we’re restating that this year. We saw double-digit growth for all our Franchise Brands except for Transformers. So we really exit the year in a major market where we had all the inventory, where NERF was growing and other brands were growing. We have entered 2021, Dave, and through January, our POS is up nearly 30%, 28%. And so again, it’s not a holiday size sales, but it is that growth in POS. The consumer demand continues around games category and toy and game categories. Many of the categories that we’re selling last year are selling again this year. At the tail end of last year, we were out of stock in certain games. I mean, we just couldn’t keep Operation Pet Scan in stock. We couldn’t keep The Child, the Bop It! product in stock and some Monopoly products in stock. So we’re again, getting back into inventory, but seeing very robust growth and for that reason, because of our innovation, because of our e-comm capabilities and clearly seeing e-comm running way ahead of brick-and-mortar. I mean our e-comm POS in the full year last year was up 33%, and then the fourth quarter was up 19%. So brand for brand, I think we’ll grow ahead of industry in toy and game. I think consumer products over time should grow faster as we mix shift into more Hasbro IP. The margin expands as we get more from Wizards of the Coast, and also as digital gaming goes beyond those early days where we do have depreciation and marketing expense. But launching those games, I expect to become more profitable over time. And then, of course, eOne is enabling us to create profitable entertainment versus where Hasbro was historically where entertainment with some level of a marketing expense. And we viewed the sales of products as the reward for the investments in the entertainment. So I would say that’s how the year we look at setting up. And really, think of it as 3 very clear business units, all with different profit and revenue profiles between consumer products with toy and game, our Wizards business with digital and our entertainment business obviously led by eOne.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Thank you, Deb. Appreciate it. So as we look at the business, Mike, there is a several-fold elements that we’re really bringing to bear here. Number one, we’re actually – because we are behind these products now and we’re developing bespoke Hasbro product lines that are expansive, as I mentioned dozens of new items, very well received already by global retailers and an expectation of great distribution and support, our consumer products program will actually expand. We’ll have some of our core licensees, who were doing certain parts of our toy business, expand into other categories that they are quite expert in. We’ll have our other parts of our consumer products business expand as well as the geographic footprint, now that we have a team that’s married up between Hasbro experts and historical eOne experts and some new blood as well. I think we get a much more robust consumer products program. We are also seeing incredible new eOne content. As Deb mentioned, the animation had continued over the COVID period. We’re able to produce animation at distance. And so you’re going to see a lot of new content that is really, really engaging for our audience where the Peppa Pig example is a top viewed show on almost every format, including YouTube. And they’re bringing bespoke new content that ties directly to the play patterns that are being expressed in our products as well as our consumer products. And over time, beyond the holiday, this holiday period, we will have Hasbro products in the market for this holiday period as well as new consumer products that will come in for the fall. So, both of those things happen. So we will add considerable revenues as an opportunity. The opportunity, of course, is to go beyond that a few fold and then several fold. And really, one of the pieces of opportunity that we saw from the very beginning as we began to talk to eOne was a growth in preschool, particularly around character and story and Hasbro’s opportunity to be a major player in the preschool arena around the great storytelling, great character and great innovation tied altogether. And we are seeing that. And then in addition, eOne has also been fully in development and has great support for some new IP that I won’t talk about now, let them talk about later, where we will have new IP from these storytellers in the preschool and lifestyle space. And that should grow our presence across the dimensions I’ve just discussed as we go forward.
Brian Goldner: So yes, I think that you are probably looking at – if you took all of eOne into 2019, it was about $1.2 billion. And you’re right, there’s a family brand component. But we say, as we look at the total eOne effort, including family brands as well as their – because what they get for content in family brands as well as what they’re able to deliver in television and film, we think that $1.2 billion is a pretty good marker for 2019 – from 2019 to be compared with what we expect we could achieve for 2021.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Really, it was just an interesting observation. As we look at the holiday, we’ve probably had a more intense longer holiday than we’ve had in prior years because, of course, the holiday kicked off in October as we all discussed around third quarter earnings. And there was a ton of promotion and lots of toy orientation, toy and game orientation during that time. And our POS was incredibly strong in October, November and even into December. As we got into just 2 weeks right before December, and I’ve seen this expressed in other consumer products categories as well, there was a bit of a pause that we saw in some of our businesses. I think that it had a bit to do if I read some of the macro experts talking on the economic side, the consumer waiting to see if there were some additional checks and support that was going to be coming during that period of time. We saw, frankly, a dwindling down of some inventories around some of our brands during that time for a few of our key games like I talked about The Child products and Monopoly and also in Bop It!, Operation and some other brands where our fill rates did fall during those couple of weeks as we were really right ahead of Christmas. And on NERF, we’ve seen great growth in NERF. NERF was up in the U.S., and NERF was up on the fourth quarter and for the full year in the U.S. But we didn’t have enough products to make NERF grow everywhere. We expect NERF to grow in 2021 because we see the compilation of all of the NERF initiatives. But again, I just think there were a few places where we had a bit of tempering a little bit from the consumer and then a little bit on a few of our product categories, not a lot, but a few. Then if you take the comp during that time, most importantly, the comp during that time, our POS is slightly down if you exclude Frozen. Remember, a year ago, we told you, Frozen was the largest headwind for the fourth quarter for Hasbro, up against an incredible success in 2019. If you took Frozen out, our POS actually goes up to mid-single digits in growth globally during the fourth quarter. So that’s just, again, in that period of time. So that’s why we just described that. Then what happened is Christmas week was very strong. Weeks following Christmas have been incredibly strong. And in January, we are actually seeing an acceleration. I think as people get gift cards and as people who weren’t together for the holidays, and sends presents and other gifting, gift cards and other formats, we’re just seeing an immense amount of consumption of Hasbro brands and products, lots of strong launches coming as we move our way through the first quarter. So that’s why I say it’s a broader, longer holiday season. And clearly given COVID and openings and closures, just it demands some additional description.
Brian Goldner: Yes. But if you look at 2021, then we’re going to have a much sizable number than your expectation of $30 million in 2021. That wasn’t – that’s not our expectation for 2021. It’s big – it’s far bigger than that because, again, the in-sourcing begins for the toy and game products. And we’ll size that for you probably a bit more in our investor call.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Well, look, we have said all along that we thought we were entering an era that would be right for opportunity for us as we came together with eOne, and we’re seeing that. Clearly, as many studios have also launched their streaming platforms, they need great content, and they’re using their own brands and IP to service their own streaming platforms, which leads a lot of world-class streamers and other platforms open for business and looking for world-class IP from people like – or companies like Hasbro. And eOne is expert at developing IP for a global group of broadcasters, streamers, linear and terrestrial. So we see a real opportunity. It marries directly to the fact that we have the broadest portfolio in our business. We have brands that stretch from kids and fans and families, certainly, but we also have brands that stretch into great adult gaming and lifestyle gaming. So we’re busy developing Dungeons & Dragons across a number of dimensions. We’ll have future iterations of Transformers in a number of different places. We have new creative stewardship that will add or have the great new storytelling in Power Rangers and several other big Hasbro IP areas. I’m going to let the team talk more about that later this month. But we see the opportunity to go through multiple windows. We still see the opportunity to have a theatrical followed by a stream window or a simultaneous window between streaming and a theatrical – a shorter theatrical window. I think a lot of the nomenclature and conversation around all of those windows are shifting and changing as we speak. And our team is expert at ensuring that around the world, we’ll get the opportunity to eventize our properties and programming with streamers and theatrically and then move through the waterfall of opportunities and windows so that we’re able to maximize the return on the entertainment investment while also driving ubiquity for the story and character and the play patterns that will be reflected in the consumer products and the gaming that we’re executing in support of those initiatives.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think that number is shifting around. We saw an early number from NPD that, frankly, we didn’t understand as well. We’re hoping that they’ll clarify. I think that according to my team, they’re working on going back and relooking at that number because I thought it was a bit too low. And I think they’re kind of reconsidering, given what we’re already seeing in the January window and the fact that consumers are continuing to be very interested in the toy and game industry. So that’s why I didn’t give you a number is because of kind of waiting for the combination of NPD and Euromonitor to reevaluate where they think the market is. What I will tell you is we believe we can grow our toy business over time in line with or ahead of the industry because of our capabilities, the fact that we’ve built such robust capabilities in e-comm and content and storytelling and innovation and the orchestration between all the different operating elements that we should be able to be in line or better than the industry. And I’ve also said that over time, we believe that should be in a tough year, low, but in a good year, mid-single digits growth.
Brian Goldner: I’m not going to – I need to let them comment because I’m not sure whether they published it out or it was out to subscribers. But they were having conversations with my team about some early estimates that the team felt that they should go back and reevaluate. And I think they are, given the fact that we’re seeing such robust growth early in the year. I think they’re considering or out as a projection for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Look, I said, we think in a year where we have great innovation and we have the unlock, we expect to grow our toy and game business this year. And we believe we’ll be...
Brian Goldner: This year, and we believe we’ll be in line with or ahead of the industry depending on where they land. But again, I’ve said around mid single-digits is in a good, robust year is where we should be able to deliver toys and games growth.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think that the big considerations, it’s not surprising to hear the big considerations will be what happens particularly during the first half of the year. And I think that people feel there’ll fall where more moviegoers will be back into theaters. Having said that, we are working in partnership with our partners at Disney, they are actively looking at all the windowing. I think you’ve started to see, like last night, hopefully, on the football game. You saw the trailer for Raya and the Last Dragon, I think it was great, and we’re very excited about that. In May, movie, Black Widow we will be supporting. Ghostbusters comes in June. We’ve got Venom later in June. Shang-Chi is right now scheduled for July. We’ve got our own My Little Pony movie coming in the September Window. Snake Eyes is slated for October, and then you have Eternals and Spider-Man that will be in the fourth quarter. And the team is actively working on a regular basis. Some of those may be more shorter theatrical windows. We talked about the fact that, that works, particularly work on a premeditated basis where the strategy can be put out up in front, and we can work with our retailers. And then, Gerrick, I’ll also mentioned that there’s a lot of streaming content that will be coming – that we also feel has a great opportunity, particularly we were talking earlier, just about the robust nature of the Marvel brands and business. And so Raya is also a stream piece of content that will come in March, WandaVision, the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, that was a great trailer. And then you have a couple of different new Star Wars initiatives coming from streaming in the back half of 2021. So the team is around all of that. They have been building great innovative products for full exploitation there as well as for Hasbro IP like My Little Pony and for Snake Eyes. And we just constantly are working in partnership with our studio brethren to ensure that we understand the way they want to execute their programs. And frankly, we’re doing the exact same thing with My Little Pony and with Snake Eyes. We want to make sure we’re maximizing the opportunity, given where we believe audiences will be at that point in the year. And I think at that – at this point, I’m getting the high sign that we need to wrap things up. Maybe there’s one last question you might have.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Thanks, Brian and good morning, Steph. Yes, as we think about like the carry-forward from what has been going on at eOne, as we know, animation could continue and it was largely uninterrupted with maybe some hiccups as we first all went remote to try to get things up and running where they could. But animation has largely been able to continue. So you are actually seeing that in what we have been progressing to-date so far. So, it really is that live-action film and TV. And as we got into the end of the third quarter, we started to be able to get the productions up and running in most markets. And that’s why indeed we saw growth in Entertainment One in the fourth quarter and we are on track to get that done. If we look at the full year content spend that we are projecting for 2021, just a very small percent of that relates to the 2020 carryover, but we expect to be able to finish and deliver that production in 2020. But we have gotten the question in the past does that mean you are going to have to spend twice as much? A lot of it has moved forward and a lot of it comes on during the year. A lot of it’s unscripted. Brian talked about all the progress that’s being made on other brands, but there is also progress being made on other production as well. So we do expect that we will be able to finish that ongoing programming in 2021 and deliver it.
Deb Thomas: Certainly, certainly. So – and Brian it’s good that’s a follow-up. So thanks for that. It was perfect from the last question because in the near-term, when you think about just the entertainment component of what we have brought in, there is some pressure on profit, because if you think about all the costs that we are incurring ourselves as businesses with COVID-19 protocols and everything else to keep people up and safe and do things the right way, there is some cost pressure in the near term. We see that profitability expanding over time, but in the near-term that is going to add some cost pressure. And as we get up and ready to launch in the latter half of the year, our product around PJ and Peppa, we have got a – there is additional tooling expense and things like that, that ramp up and we want to make it really successful as well as advertising around those brands now. They are such terrific brands as they are and that continued relationship we are having with licensees. So, we see that profitability in the near-term being impacted a bit by some of these initial costs, but over time, certainly growing into a range of what you would expect to see on the toy and game and sourcing side from the more traditional Hasbro business of the past. And we see that entertainment profitability growing over time as well once we are able to incorporate some of these costs and as Brian said earlier, actually incorporate the Hasbro IP because that helps to make it even more profitable over time.
Deb Thomas: Yes. The only other thing I would add is as you think about the digital games coming out under Wizards of the Coast brand, so we’ve had Arena in the past. And Brian mentioned earlier, we’ve got a few games launching this year, a few digital gaming launches this year. Those carry a bit of initial depreciation around them that we wouldn’t have seen as much of that this year because we’ve been working on it. We capitalize those costs. We’ll give some more color to that on the 25 at our Investor Day to try to size that out from everyone. But from a profitability standpoint, as Brian said, as those retailers that handle our license business come up and running, that’s a fairly high profit margin business. And as they’re able to to get back on their feet and get back out there that and digital gaming, we see that impacting profitability favorably as we move forward.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we – I have to say, and I said it earlier in my prepared remarks, I’m just so proud and impressed with what our team was able to do with working capital. I mean I think you had every single employee at Hasbro rally around let’s keep the balance sheet strong and collect as much cash as we can. I don’t anticipate us being able to have that kind of a working capital benefit again in 2021. But as we see each piece of our business performing, we do expect that our operating cash flow can average about $600 million to $750 million in the near-term, falling someplace within that range as we are investing more in launch costs than investing a bit more in content than what we talked about in the past. But also, we are able to get things out there and get revenue from it as well. And we see that moving over time back to levels that we saw certainly in 2020. But in the near-term, we expect our operating cash flow to be in the $600 million to $750 million range.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I just wanted to point out, Tami, it was actually in today’s press release, we did have the pro forma breakdown for 2019 if that might be helpful to refer back to. I think it’s on the very last page. You might not have quite gotten there.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think we’re going to give some more color to all the different components of EBITDA. But as we look at adjusted, we did say we expect revenue and earnings to grow on an adjusted basis in 2021 from 2020 levels. And there are some components that hit – as we continue to invest in digital gaming for the long-term and the revenues that, that can bring with us. We’ll see depreciation, but we also see ongoing product development costs associated with that, ongoing product development with respect to creating innovative play things that Brian talked about where we think the consumer product, toy and game business will be for 2021 in comparison to the market. So we see ongoing cost with that. But on a top and bottom line basis, we do expect growth in 2021 from 2020. And we will get into some more of the detailed components that we haven’t talked about today in our meeting on the 25.
Deb Thomas: I think we look at that $130 million target by the end of 2022. And still, that’s our target right now. But we were able to accelerate some of the cost savings if you – into 2020 just because we were all working remotely. We could get things – some of the things done a little bit faster. I mean, like Brian mentioned earlier, we were able to fully integrate our consumer products licensing teams. However, there is still some other groups that we haven’t been able to fully integrate yet. We’re working on – We just – it was not in our original timing. But two-thirds of that was actually coming from product in-sourcing. So that timing hasn’t really changed yet. We are beginning to in-source that product for this fall for this holiday season. So we will have a better insight to whether to grow that number or not as we progress through 2021 but it was a bit of an acceleration.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, we are working in production now in most territories. Actually, all territories were up and running. Some things may get delayed depending on what’s happening on the set, but everything is up and running now. One of the things that’s really important to remember, I’m glad you asked about cadence, because you think about before the world changed in March of last year, we actually had a great hit in 1917 from eOne. So that really drove a big impact to the first quarter of last year when you kind of think about the theatrical still being open. So now as we look at the cadence, we see it progressing throughout the year? And as you know, I know, Devin, the entertainment and revenue recognition could be a little, I use my favorite accounting term, Brian, when I say this, just a little lumpier than what you might see in a traditional toy business, but we just look at the fourth quarter when eOne was able to get up and get into production and have those deliveries being made, they were able to grow revenue. So we see that with an impact in the near-term because of something like 1917 in theatrical distribution. But as Brian said, we’re excited about being able to take advantage of theatrical as well as streaming by providing this great content over time.
Deb Thomas: So we said that we expect $130 million of synergies, which include bringing Peppa and PJ in-house as well. Two-thirds of our cost synergies were made up from product in-sourcing. That, of course, doesn’t impact the opportunity that we see from a revenue side as we create more innovative product and drive revenue around other consumer product streams around that. But that is – that number does include Peppa and PJ, so...
