Brian Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we take your questions, I want to update you on the progress of our acquisition of Entertainment One. Last week, the shareholders of eOne overwhelmingly approved the acquisition. We are delighted with their support. We have received regulatory approvals in two of the four jurisdictions where it is required, the U.S. and Germany, with Canada and the UK outstanding. We continue to expect to close the transaction during the fourth quarter. We also continue to expect to finance the transaction with the proceeds of debt financing at approximately $1 billion to $1.25 billion in cash from equity financing. The strategic opportunity to bring onboard the brands, capabilities and talent from eOne is compelling to our long-term prospects as a leading global play and entertainment company and we look forward to sharing more about our plans after the close. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Brian Goldner: Well, thanks. Thanks for the question. Let me try to summarize in a couple of ways because you're right, in an environment like this one, without the trade conflict, our growth in the quarter could have been more consistent with our year-to-date results. There are a number of regions and brands that grew revenues and our overall revenue was impacted by the disruption that was caused by the threatened implementation of tariffs. We do use this asset light model that relies on the balance of our domestic shipments coming from a 3PL supplier provider, and then our customers direct import orders. So let me give you an example as you ask. A retailer would place an order let's say in August for direct import, so sales and product ownership, the transfers that would occur in Asia. Then when the tariff is announced for goods arriving after September 1, they cancel that order, and they shift it to a domestic order where they take ownership in the U.S. This happened multiple times in the quarter as the rolling tariffs or potentiality of enactment of tariffs. As a result, we needed to rewrite the order from a domestic or a direct import order to a domestic order, as they have different terms, and then we need to ensure that the inventory is available in the U.S. because of the original order required inventory in Asia. And then we need to fulfill the order in the United States. So given those number of shifts and nearly 10 percentage point increase of domestic orders as a percent of U.S. and Canada in the third quarter, we didn't meet all the demand during the quarter. So the impact of the shift was that July and August total shipments were lower and September shipments were far higher than a year-ago. We believe that we could meet all the demand in September, but the really the timing of new orders in many in instances was just too late. We did incur some incremental shipping and warehousing expense including some air freight, which also impacted our margin. We've been catching up in the fourth quarter. But we also are still looking at a potential December 15 date for the enactment of tariffs. The team is working in real time to come up with and we have new plans around ways to in 2020 and beyond deal with the balance between our domestic shipments and our direct import shipments. But we've been working to redesign in real time, our domestic shipping plan. And we really have a number of new initiatives coming for the fourth quarter we're very excited about a lots of new innovation we've seen early results in NERF Ultra. We're seeing the early results on Disney's Frozen 2 and on STAR WARS and a raft of other brand initiatives. But the results in Q3 were primarily related to the timing of the potential enactment of tariffs. And the way we've gone to market historically.
Brian Goldner: Yes, the two brands -- the two brand areas that were most impacted by the direct imports first, Deb noted is that our games business was directly impacted. And remember, some of our games were actually tariffs as part of List 3 tariff. So we're now in a tariff environment on those games. We took pricing in the quarter to offset the impact of those tariffs and those direct import shipments were impacted. The brand that's most associated with direct import and remember Q3 is our highest quarter for direct imports is the NERF brand. So that clearly was a brand that was impacted. Having said that, if you look at our overall brands, we did note that in the fourth quarter, we do have a tough comparison on MAGIC. MAGIC has grown substantially throughout the year. In fact, our plan to grow MAGIC over the next five years is really well underway. And yet in the fourth quarter, we have some tough comps versus a year-ago where we had a major card release. So I think overall, we have a lot of brand initiatives around Hasbro's brands. We have a lot of new innovation coming into the market. We have a very big fourth quarter lined up for our partners between Disney's Frozen, STAR WARS, and the continuation in the strength of Marvel. And so I'd say it's a bit more of a balance, but we also noted that we probably have a bit higher royalties in the fourth quarter as well. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. Look, we expect to still close eOne deal in Q4 of this year. And that's the timing we have two of the four regulatory authorities having approved and we're very happy to have the shareholder vote and support and behind us. As we look at the business going forward, we feel like we have a number of strong initiatives coming into the fourth quarter this year. We have been addressing our supply chain and the balance between the DI and our domestic shipments. As we go forward, the team is already working with our retailers on new ways, new techniques, and new programs that we can get a great balance using our asset light model, but picking up on new ways to bring product into the U.S. using the strength of our biggest retailers who tend to also be our biggest direct importers and then continue to drive our business with our own domestic shipments, so finding that balance. I would expect in early 2020, we could get back to that balance and also recognize that we would like to see the tariff environment abate and to mitigate. And we would hope to continue great dialogue with the administration to see that occur. We continue to lead our strategic sourcing footprint outside of China to be below 50% at year-end 2020 and we will continue to source in great other geographies like Vietnam and India. And so again, it's a dynamic environment. But the underlying strength of our business is apparent. The underlying strength of our brands is -- is being presented to our customers and our consumers. We have great partner brands as well as own franchise brands and gaming initiatives and it's been obfuscated by this tariff environment.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And then if you look at Wizards overall in our strategy, we said that we believe we could double the size of the Wizards of the Coast business over the next five years, as we've accomplished over the past five years. And this year's growth puts us on pace to achieve this objective. And yet, the storytelling cadence of the card releases has it's up against the tough comparison from last year's fourth quarter. Both analog and digital are performing very strongly. And then we're also working on person, first-party and third-party games and they're progressing really well. In 2020, we're going to have several new games to talk about with you. As we look at the TCG, we're seeing growth in unique players. We're also seeing growth in games played. As we get into Q1 of 2020, there's a new gathering and new card release that returns to Theros which is a fan favorite, and a launch of a new standard legal set called Theros Beyond Death. So we're excited about the card games that gets back up and pace -- on pace for first quarter 2020. As we look at MAGIC Arena, we ended the Open Beta with over 1.5 billion games played, with the game seeing significant year-over-year growth in every quarter since the start of our closed beta in December of 2017. Our streaming growth is up over 100% with over 65,000 streamers streaming the game in Open Beta. We're one of the best reviewed Free to Play Games released in 2019. And it's very exciting to see a Metacritic score of 82 which is really on par with some of the best games in the industry. The launch weekend saw the game featured in the top 10 games streamed on Twitch. And again we've had and want to thank no more than three-and-a-half million participants that have been in our beta for making Arena really the most successful MAGIC digital game in the 25-year history. So we're really well on our way, we also have making progress to be on the Epic Games storefront for 2020 and we'll expand our audience. We're developing a Mac OS version of the game, but we're also making progress with our mobile MAGIC game that's currently in test market and we'll have more news for you on that shortly into 2020. So, again, we feel very good about the portfolio of games that we're bringing for the Wizards of the Coast brands and for MAGIC: THE GATHERING.
Brian Goldner: Yes, the three different communications also happened during the third quarter because the tariffs continue to get push back throughout the third quarter. And there were different proclamations around where the tariffs would occur. So the teams continue to gear up recognize that you're talking about in the third quarter, a year ago, about 50% of our sales were direct imports. So it's a big business for us in the third quarter, and we use that balance between that in our 3PL supply in the U.S. for domestic. Given it continued to get pushed back, we were canceling orders in Asia, moving the inventory to the U.S. And the biggest difference versus our expectations for the quarter was what went on in September, and that we were unable to get all the products domestically through our supply chain, with the DI orders having come down or being cancelled. And that's really the difference maker of the quarter. And as we head into Q4, we obviously prioritized around the earliest launches, and we have product in market, we're seeing really good results. But it was just the fact that we were short of either getting matched inventory, meaning inventory that comes in from Asia that's now available domestically that we can then put to a domestic retailer in time to meet an order or the actual domestic supply chain.
Brian Goldner: Yes, Deb talked a bit about it, there was and as you recall, there's a List 3. Some of our games that are more off the board games were part of List 3. So the tariffs were enacted, those DI orders were cancelled. And then we began to get some additional supporting orders for those games, but it came much later to come into the fourth quarter a bit. But we also had to take pricing across a number of dimensions to again support our gross margin around those games. As we said, we would, once the tariffs were enacted on certain products that are in our portfolio. So that was a process that went on for during Q3 as well.
Brian Goldner: We're very excited about bringing on board the brands, the capabilities and the personnel. And we are actively meeting one another and beginning to share what each business is all about. And I'd say, we'd like to close on our deal. And then we'll begin to look in earnest about the strongest and best and biggest growth drivers. But it's very exciting to look at the prospects of the two companies together and how we can continue to drive even more of our owned IP to drive value for our shareholder across multiple dimensions of the Brand Blueprint. And we have a number of great brand initiatives coming this year for the holidays and we feel like in the future we'll have even more owned IP in the marketplace that will support our toys, games, and consumer products business as well as location based entertainment. So we'll close the deal and then we'll be able to give you a broader perspective.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, the tariffs have been enacted now on List 3 products, which includes some of our games, and I would focus you again on kind of face-to-face games that are kind of non-traditional board games like games like Bop-It. And what we've done is looked at a portfolio approach to pricing. So we really look across our portfolio of games, we have many new games launching. And again, we're looking at critical price points. We're looking at demand and price elasticity, spending a lot of time to ensure the consumer gets the great games that they want, that they're able to participate fully in the broad array of our games and portfolio of our games. And so being thoughtful about how we take pricing, but we are taking pricing to protect our gross margin. Thus far we have communicated the intention to take pricing on List 3 and have on List 4, we are actively communicating but if the December 15 tariffs were to go into effect, we would take pricing to again protect our gross margin and those price increases would be passed along to consumers. And, again, we'll use a combination of product and portfolio approach to get pricing for our products ensure we still hit critical price points, and really trying to give the consumer a great holiday. We don't see tariffs being enacted two weeks before Christmas is giving the consumer the optimal holiday season. And we're hoping through engaged dialogue with the administration that we can mitigate any impact and/or preclude that from happening.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think you've hit on something really important as we think about some of the initiatives that are launching in Q4. Let's just take three, three initiatives. You look at Disney's Frozen 2, STAR WARS and NERF Ultra. These are three initiatives that we absolutely believe will have even more impact in 2020 than they'll have in 2019. So we're very excited about the launch. We're very excited about what's been happening since October 4 in the marketplace. We're seeing very strong demand for each of those initiatives. And yet, will satisfy even more demand coming through the holidays as millions and millions of people around the world get to enjoy that entertainment or get to begin to enjoy NERF Ultra. Right now, Ultra is only in the U.S. is a launch and we wish we had even more product and are racing to get product out to more markets around the world. We're already seeing that several of our products are in hot demand and are selling incredibly well. Our Frozen Castle is a great hot seller. And again, it's selling ahead of our demand. And so you're right, there'll be a big impact into 2020. We have a lot of new initiatives coming in 2020 and a number of other new entertainment initiatives as well as brand initiatives. Year-to-date, we have four brands that are up, MONOPOLY, MAGIC, TRANSFORMERS, and PLAY-DOH. So we do have brands that are selling quite well, we had some puts and takes in the third quarter. Many of those elements or issues were related to the just the supplying of product that we've talked about. We do view this tariff environment as short-term in nature and certainly disruptive. But we also view 2020 -- 2019 holiday and 2020 as an opportunity to grow our business. We have great initiatives, great marketing, and teams on the field who are actively redesigning our path to the marketplace. And we believe we'll be in a very good position coming into 2020.
Brian Goldner: I think that in many ways, we continue to track towards that idea. We said that if things few things broke right 2020 could look like 2017. Obviously, the tariff and tariff environment has created some short-term disruption to our growth trajectory. But if you look year-to-date having grown 5% absent FX, that's that mid-single-digit growth, we've talked to you about getting back on track remembering that we were just coming through Toys R Us. We certainly are seeing the acceleration in our gaming business particularly in Wizards of the Coast, we have a number of new initiatives coming for 2020 and yet, in overall, we saw that in September, overall retail sales were down a bit. So we just feel that we have what it takes to be successful for the long-term. We believe that we will be back on track with the kind of growth trajectory we created from 2012 to 2017 that 5% CAGR in revenues and double-digit net earnings CAGR that we can get back there. And that given some of these short-term issues, 2020 is possible and we just need, as we've said, from the very beginning, a few things to break right for us in order to accomplish that objective.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we feel very good about multiple aspects of the eOne business, the family and brands business clearly, there's a perennial star in Tampa and we feel that together the teams can do even a better job into the future as we take on more of the toys and games business as they continue to reinvent, reimagine the storytelling. And we do more of the licensing in-house. We see an opportunity again with PJ Masks as it goes forward. Ricky Zoom is just getting launched around the world. And so again, that's a very, very exciting new prospect; they have a number of new original IPs in development that they intend to launch. And then they -- also when they recently spoke, they were not full-year results, so not all the interim periods were the same. So I think that that was just to try to get some correspondence or communication out to shareholders in advance of our potential close in Q4 this year.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so overall, for NERF the team has brought forward a lot of new innovation and in the fourth quarter will have 10 new blasters across the NERF business, so they brought a lot of new innovation to the business and into the category. Clearly Fortnite has been a strong performer and yet they have new innovation coming now, there's new form factors also coming within the Fortnite part of the business. We've seen our share of growth for NERF overall, we've seen our share in under $20 grow with Alpha Strike. And we're now with the launch of Ultra in the U.S. seeing U.S. POS up for the first time in several quarters. So we believe we're on the right track as we get more innovation at volume, at scale, to not only grow the NERF business, but once again grow the category as we've been the leader in really inventing and reinventing this category over time. As we get into 2020, there's a number of new innovations that are coming clearly Ultra scale gets out to more countries globally. We have new innovations coming across other platforms for NERF. And we're also bringing that experiential part of NERF to bear around the world between our agents, first location based experience and then something here in the United States that I spoke to. So again feel very good about NERF in the long-term prospects. Obviously, some interruption of that in the quarter because of the way a lot of NERF direct import business gets done. But where we have new innovation, we are seeing the growth in POS and very happy NERF Nation where we bring the product to the market.
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that, good morning, Michael. The -- as we look to 2020 while we usually give guidance about the upcoming year at Toy Fair and we will do so again, really the strength of our partner brands that we're seeing right now at Retail, with Frozen 2 and STAR WARS just coming out and launching initially with mostly the fan base in STAR WARS coming out on October 4, for Triple Force Friday, very exciting. We see that as we've previously spoken about really continuing into 2020. So in a year where we have major movie releases coming so late in the year, we tend to see the benefit of that continuing into the next year. And I think we continue to believe that as we sit here today, as well as being excited about things, like, the Marvel Properties coming next year and our own Snake Eyes, as well as some other properties that we have coming from an entertainment standpoint. So as I sit here today, I would think our royalty expense might be a bit higher than it's been historically. But perhaps you're seeing the impact of much of it coming late in the year, this year. When we look to our own brands for 2020, we're very excited about those as well.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, let me take the advertising questions. And if you don't mind, Brian first, Drew we do continue to expect our advertising kind of in line with our initial guidance and just under -- just as around that 10%, or, just under that that 10% range, and much of that was, as we said, kind of gearing we had some specific expense gearing up around the launch of MAGIC. So it launched very late in the quarter and you'll continue to see us advertising and marketing heavily around that in the fourth quarter now that we're in open launch.
Deb Thomas: Hey Arpiné, it’s Deb. I'll take that. It's actually, so there is a couple of things. We've been working hard on reducing inventory in several locations. And it's -- we haven't actually talked about the fact that we have stabilized our European business actually and our international business was up in the quarter absent FX. So FX is the -- is a big factor of why inventory is down. So as we think about it, it is up in the U.S. as we moved more inventory here domestically in order to be able to ship what we need to ship domestically versus direct import with what we're seeing in these trends now that we've been talking about, but it is down in our European business primarily and also in Latin America, it's up a little bit in Asia, just because where our business is growing there. But FX is probably the biggest reason why it's down overall.
Deb Thomas: I think on the royalties, we wanted to make sure we put that new guidance out there because it actually is exceeding our guidance that we've previously provided. And that has to do with the way the mix of our partner brands are playing out with our franchise brands and frankly exceeding our originally expected demand from what we're seeing right now. So that's really royalties. And that's why we wanted to update you when we know we saw this trend developing. From an SG&A standpoint, we are getting the cost savings that we anticipated, we still expect that we'll get the $50 million in cost savings, just being masked a bit by higher shipping and warehousing costs and also within that line a big piece of that is the investment we're making in growing our Wizards of the Coast brands as we think about adding the teams to do the game development, you've got some amortization of previously capitalized games that are going through that admin line. So you're seeing that there this year, we really think it's primarily that that shipping in warehousing that's impacting us. And that's hitting -- that’s hitting that line that that will keep the comps about the same to adjusted SG&A because we had some unusual charges that went through that line item last year as well. So overall, we're getting the cost savings, we believe we'll get the cost savings next year, we need to work on these factors that are hitting us in the quarter. But we continue to work to reduce costs in that line, but make the appropriate investments to keep investing in our future because as Brian said, our goal has been to grow the Wizards of the Coast brands, we think we can double them like we did in the last five years and the next five and that just requires investments. So we won't take our foot off the gas on those investments and we'll continue looking at different ways to save money to pay for those investments as we go forward.
Deb Thomas: So good morning, and thanks for asking question. For us, it's a great question. It's important for us to maintain access to the commercial paper markets and we stated it's our intent to be an investment grade company, we think in addition to giving us access to commercial paper and affording us with the appropriate available liquidity to keep investing in our business to grow in the long-term, that's very important to us. So we will prioritize paying down our debt to get back to our leverage targets, two to two-and-a-half times and greater than eight as we look at debt-to-EBITDA and EBITDA to interest. But it is important to us to maintain that. That being said, we did end the quarter with $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet. In the last 12 months, we've generated about $860 million of cash flow. So we do generate a lot of cash. As we look at the transaction, we have hedged a portion of the transaction knowing that we will need pounds to pay it and we saw that running to our P&L this quarter, and we're looking at the various borrowings that we could do to actually pay for the transaction in various currencies as well.
Deb Thomas: Well, we look at our borrowing ability, it's pretty strong, but it also get -- affords us at the rates we're at, and being an investment grade company and with the ratings we get from our rating agencies, that it is something we can afford go forward while we continue to invest in our business.
