Chris Cocks: Eric. Good morning. Yes, Q3 met our expectations. We had the great fortune of being able to play Baldur's Gate for a while now and had a pretty good high expectations about its performance. I think relative to how the analyst community was modeling it, I think you all put it a little more back loaded and it's going to be a little bit more front loaded than I think the model has indicated. That said, we see a long tail associated with Baldur's Gate and likewise a very lucrative and long tail for MONOPOLY GO! as well. So it will be a nice annuity for us.
Chris Cocks: We can't go into a huge amount of detail on the deal. However, the deal is structured such that Scopely is incentivized to spend on marketing for it. So typically, for the first year or two of a major mobile release, you spend a lot on marketing, you scale the game. The game gets to a steady state, and then the marketing as a percentage of total sales goes down to something more sustainable. And that's basically what's happening here. So effectively think about our royalties as the net of store participation and a fairly high percentage of marketing. So for the first couple of years, you're basically dealing with minimum guarantees. And as the game starts to get to maturity and those marketing and the marketing kind of goes down to a more normalized level, your participation as a licensor goes up. And if the game performs like we all hope it's going to perform and that it's performing now, it could be a dramatic improvement as well.
Chris Cocks: Thanks. Good morning, Jaime. Thanks for the question. Well, our franchise brands are pretty core to the company, and they kind of are tied to each of our key categories. So in action figures, you have transformers, secondarily, Power Rangers, in outdoor and blasters, you certainly have NERF, in creativity in arts and crafts, you have PLAY-DOH. In preschool, we have PEPPA PIG and then in games, we have a pretty substantial portfolio across MONOPOLY, CLU, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and D&D. And that's in addition to all the wonderful partner brands we have like our partnership with Walt Disney across Marvel and Star Wars and then, of course, with Cartomi [ph] on BEYBLADE, which is another important partner product for us as well. In terms of what's performing well, I think we covered that in the comments. We have several winners that are helping us drive category share. Transformers, I think is having a fantastic year. And I think it's really a case study on how to do movie and product integration really, really well. That brand is up 30% year-over-year. And during the movie window, was up over 90%. PLAY-DOH continues to drive great kind of price value and product innovation and is driving share for us in creativity. I think our games portfolio is second to none and is really broad-based across genres and player demographics, I think where we need to see more improvement, frankly, is in NERF. We're up in share in the blaster category. But we need to do a better job bringing innovation and price value into that category. And then likewise, I think we say outdoor and blasters for a reason, we need to expand NERF beyond just thinking about a dart. We need to think about more ways that we can engage kids and families in active play across more scenarios, and I think you'll be seeing more from that for us. And then our partner brands, I think we're having a little bit of a retrenchment this year after a record year for Marvel last year and a really strong year for Star Wars. I think we have a lot of plans with Disney to expand categories like our just announced partnership on Marvel and MAGIC. And then likewise, we have a new version of BEYBLADE that's coming out next year that we're pretty bullish on, particularly based on the initial sales that they've seen in the launch in Japan.
Chris Cocks: Well, Tim Kilpin came on board about five or six months ago to lead toy for us. He's a 40-year toy veteran, who's helped to champion and found multiple billion-dollar categories and led some of the biggest franchises in toys. I think typically, a new leader needs 18 to 24 months to make a big impact on the product line. I think they can do more tactically in terms of what we do with our partners and how we go about going to market. So I think you'll see the impact of Tim and his new leadership team kind of slow out through 2024 and expand as we go into 2025. And then I think the market is another factor inside of that as well. Certainly, we've been seeing headwinds in the toy category year-to-date. And we're expecting a relatively unpredictable market going into Q4. But consider us long-term bulls on toy, we see this market going back to kind of the historical growth rate of 2% to 3%. We see a very high demand for play. And we think Hasbro is well positioned as the most diversified toy and game company in the industry. And so regardless of which way the market goes, I think that diversification will play well for us.
Chris Cocks: Yes, sure. So for Wizards in the fourth quarter, we have another Lord of the Ring set that will be coming out. We think that will be a bit smaller than what we had in Q2, but pretty solid. We also have a new premier set called The Lost Caverns of Ixalan, and we just had another universe beyond kind of commander release for Doctor Who. As we think about 2024, yeah, I mean, MAGIC had a great year, another record year in 2023. But we've been having record years for 13 out of the last 14 years on MAGIC.  As I would think about 2024, I certainly think we'll have some more universes beyond releases. As we said, we were surprised on the upside in terms of the initial demand and fan reaction to fall out, which should come into Q1. In Q2, I think we have that comp with Lord of the Rings, but we'll have another set coming out called Modern Horizon 3. And we had key sets in the history of MAGIC that have done $200 million, Lord of the Rings which officially passed $200 million earlier this week and Modern Horizons 2, which was our previous $200 million set. So we feel pretty good about Modern Horizons 3 and I think it also should be noted, you know, given that's not royalty bearing and tends to be more of a collector's product. It also is a pretty nice operating profit opportunity for us as well. And then the back half of the year we have other sets that we haven't yet announced yet, so I don't want the Wizards team to get mad at me. But generally speaking, you know, we have about six to seven premier sets per year and we'll be lapping that in 2024.
Chris Cocks: Well, I can certainly talk from our side. We -- Walt Disney is our most valuable partnership. It's something that we meet with regularly. We put a lot of product innovation. We put a lot of marketing. We put some of our best people against it. And we're expanding that relationship aggressively across more categories, across more brands, whether they are standalone brands like we do for Star Wars and the Avengers or co-brands, like we're doing with MAGIC and Marvel. So it's certainly something that we value and are leaning into. And I think you'll see growth from for us over the mid and long-term.
Chris Cocks: I'll start really fast and then I'll turn it over to Gina. We see broad-based growth in Wizards for the fourth quarter. So if in kind of doing math camp on the numbers, I think you can get a general tone of cautiousness in our outlook, just given the unpredictability of the near-term market. In terms of your detailed questions, Jason, I'll turn it over to Gina to take you through kind of how we're thinking about it.
Chris Cocks: Yes, I would say it's about half for long-term, half for short term. And Megan, I think as you think about it for next year, we'll be leaning in more, and we actively are now. And I think you'll start seeing the flow-through of that probably in the later part of Q1 and building into Q2 and Q3.
Chris Cocks: Yes. And Stephen, on digital, a couple of things to note. So definitely, there will be a long tail on Baldur's Gate 3 and a multiyear long tail on MONOPOLY GO!. I think those two versus the $90 million this year will take a step back, but it's nowhere near 100% step back. You're probably talking maybe a 40% haircut on what we achieved this year, but tailed out across four quarters. And then we have new deals in development all the time. So I consider digital licensing a very bullish case for Hasbro. There's a lot of demand for our IP and it's everything from integrations with Roblox and Minecraft to a variety of new mobile games and PC and console games. And then I think as you think about beyond 2024 into 2025 and beyond, I definitely think what MONOPOLY Go and D&D with Baldur's Gate 3 showed is there is a very, very high demand from our fans for new digital content. We are seeing that in terms of our own internal studios and in the collaborations that we have. So Baldur's Gate 3 is not going to be a one-off. There will be more great D&D style content and MONOPOLY GO! if it scales the way that I think it's coming right now, that is going to be a very long-lived and lucrative game for Scopely and Hasbro.
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say short-term, we have a cautious outlook on the holiday. And I think anyone who says they know how the holiday is going to go. They must have a crystal ball because this has been a tough one to predict. That said, we're long-term goals on where is going to go. It's a resilient category, and we definitely think it's going to come back. For the short-term, given the unpredictability, we're taking a cautious outlook on our view of the market and in our view of our execution. We’re leaning in, we're going to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves, and we think we're going to build share as a result of that. But I don't think we have a real solid view on where the market is going to go other than is going to be late breaking and heavily deal focused. And the nature of it being late breaking, I think, is going to change the relationship between sell-in and sell-through. So I think replan is going to be on the later side of the holiday. And likely, if the holiday does better than maybe what our cautious outlook does, that will be a tailwind for Q1.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I'll give you a quick 20-second overview and then turn it over to Gina for the details. We see a pretty near-term snapback for our margins, given some of the short-term investments we're making in the holiday to drive share and keep momentum going and some very solid benefits both our operational excellence program in terms of our cost structure and simplification of exiting the majority of entertainment. So I think we maintain bullishness on our ability to achieve our long-term margin targets.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Hey, no worries Andrew. Yes, Baldur's Gate 3 was my first deal at Wizards of the Coast. I think I went out to get had dinner with spent at Larian [ph] like in the fall of 2016, and we inked a deal in 2017. So I'm pretty proud about how everything kind of turned out. That's nice to see when you make a long-term bet. I think what you saw this year with video games and mobile games and movies whether on the video game side, it's a MONOPOLY GO!, which is the number one mobile game release of 2023, Baldur's Gate 3, which I think is sitting at a 96 Metacritic [ph] score on PC and console or in movies, whether it's the ongoing success of Transformers, the Barbie movie, Mario, is that there's a high demand for play-based brands and play-based brands are really becoming the dominant brands about how people engage and what people love. I was a shocking stack that I should have known better because it just mimics my lifestyle. Sakana came up with a report that showed the biggest demographic of video gamers today isn't sub 22-year-old. It's people 45 years and older. And it's also the fastest-growing demographic of gamers in the world. So I'm pretty bullish on the industry of play on the strength of brand portfolios that are based on play. And I think Hasbro has a deck of cards in terms of our brands and our capabilities that I wouldn't trade with anyone. I think that's a long-term bull case for the company and for the industry as a whole.
Chris Cocks: Well, I mean, we have two separate business units that have 2 very different go-to-markets. But when combined together under one roof creates a very well-diversified portfolio. That can help us weather ups and downs in any given category or any given set of market conditions. So I think especially with something like this holiday, where the market remains rather unpredictable. It's great to have diversification, and it's a real strength of the company. We're fortunate in that Wizards of the Coast is a very margin-rich business that's highly cash generative effectively based on Wizards of the Coast and our digital licensing revenue, we can self-fund a fairly significant set of long-term capital investments and we've diversified that risk pretty effectively between licensing, Games as a Services, our tabletop business and our own internal publishing build-out. And that business gives us a nice cushion to help us with restructuring and turning around of the toy business, which we remain long-term bolt-on. We think that IP portfolio is fantastic and we really like the team that we've set up there. So our Q4 numbers weren't what we wanted, but we're taking -- we're looking at the market, we're being realistic about it. we're investing so that we can create a runway for that team to be successful in 2024 and beyond.
Gina Goetter: This is Gina. The only thing I'd add as color is when -- in our prepared remarks, we talked a bit about the revenue recognition. So for BG3, it -- that revenue is getting recognized as those units are being delivered. So as Chris said, heavy in Q3, just given what kind of the overall launch of the game and then as we move through Q4 and into next year, there will be a tail.
Gina Goetter: What I build on the time line there as you think about the steps in a turnaround, what we're doing this quarter in the call for the year is we’re really cleaning up and resetting the foundation for toy. As we head into 2024, there's going to be a kind to be kind of a very focused view on profitability and how do we quickly reset the profitability of that business, while we're going through and kind of reducing complexity, as Chris said, kind of clearing the decks and getting ready for new and sharper innovation as we move to the back end of next year and into 2025. So taking the market out of it and the unpredictability of the market, in our categories where we compete, we are going to do that. We're going to remain aggressive. We're going to compete, and we're going to work to grow share. That's how you should think about just the cadence is really resets. We're going to get after profitability in 2024 and get ready for a sharper innovation pipeline and 2025.
Gina Goetter: Yes, Jason, good question. And you've got the math generally right on how to think about Baldur's Gate and MONOPOLY GO! in the fourth quarter. What isn't right is how you're thinking about MAGIC. So as Chris said, from overall, Wizards will be growing, MAGIC will be growing as well in the fourth quarter. I think the pieces that you're probably not thinking through some of the other businesses that are rolling up through. So D&D, I think it's down a tick in the fourth quarter. But overall, how you're modeling Baldur's Gate and MONOPOLY GO! is correct.
Gina Goetter: Yes, good question. And I think there's a little bit of both that we will talk to from a modeling standpoint. The one-time you're going to see a lot in fourth quarter, and that was what was embedded in our updated margin guide here. And I would put that at roughly, call it, $50-ish million of onetime cost that is -- that we're putting in either move through inventory at the retailer level, extra marketing to move through the inventory, extra obsolescence cost. So call that roughly a $50 million headwind this year that I would expect as we turn the corner into 2024 becomes a tailwind for us. And to your point, there's always going to be some level of kind of promotion and obsolete all of that as we kind of reset into 2024, but that's $50 million, I would call out as one-time in nature for this year.
Gina Goetter: Sure. What we get back next year, I'm going to go back to the previous answer, $50 million is really the number that I would put in your model of onetime costs that we're not expecting to repeat, we're using that to try to get as clean as we can for 2024. As we think about the revenue decline when we said mid- to high teens for the toy business for the year for the CP segment for the year, there's probably 3 or 4 points that decline that are associated with just us accelerating some of this move through of inventory from like a pure revenue standpoint, I would say, call it, 3 to 4 points of that is this acceleration. On the bottom line, it's $50 million.
Gina Goetter: Well, perhaps too cheeky about it. But I think in short, none of it is flowing to the bottom line this year just given that it's all going to move through the kind of the inventory line. So I would say there's zero kind of margin impact from the cost saves next year. And one of our big focus areas internally is moving us from talking about gross savings to talking about net savings, as a key area of focus as we move into 2024. Next year will be the year where you'll start to see real margin acceleration from all of those cost savings initiatives. But I mean, this year, it's all going to inventory. And we have -- so I should also elaborate to say we are making investments in our growth initiatives. So some of it didn't go to invest buying digital games. Some of it went to invest behind new capabilities that were aligned with strategies such as like analytics that we had talked about earlier in the year, but anything else is going against the inventory line.
Gina Goetter: Okay. So on the cost savings side, I think we're making really good progress across our supply chain, particularly this year in 2023. Our focus has been within logistics. So the majority of the cost saves within supply chain have come through that logistics space. As we look at 2024 and potential upside to the $300 million, I'm not going to commit to a number right now in 2024, but I will commit to bullishness and our ability to deliver and overdeliver that number. There's a few areas of focus for us as we move into next year. So within the supply chain, this year was logistics. Next year, it's going to be more about procurement and manufacturing. So that's -- there's some low-hanging fruit there that we'll continue to drive after within the supply chain. Also on complexity and just getting complexity out of the network, really focusing on our most profitable and kind of effective and efficient SKUs, taking cost out of the products as we think about designing our product and designing to value that is going to generate some good savings for us and really improve the profitability of our toy business. And then lastly, on the corporate overhead, we have made some progress on that in 2023, reducing the overall overhead structure. There is more to do there. And we will see that slow in the early part of 2024.
Gina Goetter: Yes, the additional color I'd add to -- I keep coming back to the $50 million number. That's a couple of margin points that come back to us next year. We also have the D&D impairment that if you remember, we took that in Q2 of last year, that was a material onetime item that comes back to us. So there's just some kind of -- I would put that in the camp of accounting good guys or is that bad guys this year that become good guys for us next year that help us on the margin front? And then as we think about toy and being laser focused on improving the profitability on toy, the kind of all the work on complexity, all of the work on the cost structure on overhead, et cetera, will kind of accelerate our efforts on the margin front through the first part of next year.
Jason Haas: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. So I just want to check some of the math on MONOPOLY GO! and Baldur's Gate 3 and what it implies for 4Q. So I think you said that for the full year, you're expecting over $90 million from both MONOPOLY GO! and Baldur's Gate 3. And you saw, I think it was $63 million in 3Q. So that implies maybe $30 million or so comes in 4Q, which would be -- I'm getting like maybe like an 8 or 9 percentage point tailwind to Wizards revenue in 4Q. Then your guidance -- you left the guidance for high single-digit growth. So that would imply that ex those two licenses, you would see Wizards revenue down like 8% or 9% in 4Q. So one, do I have those numbers right? And if that's correct, why are we seeing that decline in 4Q? Is it a function of timing of the releases or something else? Is it just conservatism? If you could help explain that would be helpful.
Jason Haas: Got it. Thank you. And then as a follow-up question, are you able to size up how much headwind you saw from destocking this year in the Consumer Products business. And my thought there is just as we think about our models for next year, is there an embedded uplift to revenue in 2024 as you lap over some of this destocking, or was the destocking that we saw just a reflection of more of a return to normalcy because there was restocking in the first half or so of last year? Any color on that would be helpful.
Jason Haas: Got it. And that sounds like that's on the cost side. Is there -- was there a revenue headwind from the destocking, or should we think about it more really impacted on…
