Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we open the call up to questions, I want to take a minute and highlight another announcement we made this morning. After years of successful partnership with Disney, Marvel and Lucasfilm, we are pleased to have expanded our relationship with Disney for these great brand franchises. Now through 2020, we have the rights to develop toys and games for both the Marvel and Star Wars franchises, including all television and film content during that period. We are very excited about entering the next stage of our relationship with Disney as we collaborate on amazing play experiences for kids and fans around the world. Now Deb and I are happy to take your questions.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, the royalty rates are comparable to what's already in place. And the deal, as an amendment, was structured very similarly the way we had done our deal more recently on the Marvel business. This expands our right and begins to align our advances and guarantees with additional entertainment that's now contemplated by the Walt Disney Company for both the Star Wars and Marvel brands.
Brian D. Goldner: Year to date, we feel good about where we are, particularly growth in our Games and Girls business. Preschool is just below flat. The Boys business is really where the decline is in POS. That's true both domestically and internationally. And again, as we indicated, we're really cycling through some very big numbers in comparatives versus a year ago. And so as we go forward with the raft of entertainment that we have and our partners have the in the Boys arena plus the growth in the other 3 product categories, as well as 5 of our 7 franchise brands, we feel very comfortable with the current position we have.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the great news about our Games business is certainly that Magic has continued to grow at double digits. But the rest of our Games business, excluding Magic, has also grown at double digits. In fact, if you recall, those charts that we talked about back at our February Analyst Meeting, we're seeing growth across a lot of those components. In fact, mostly all through the quarter and year to date, all those different components are growing. And so again, I think the team is doing a great job of bringing innovation back to our business in the Games business, and that's true in the U.S., where we have a more technologically savvy consumer, as well as internationally.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, for the second half, we have a number of new Boys initiatives that hit across a number of our brands, whether it's in Nerf with the Mega Elite, across the Marvel business with a number of new additions, in Transformers, a brand-new major segment called Construct-Bots. And we're seeing in Preschool -- in Preschool Boys with Transformers Rescue Bots. So we see both entertainment support in television in the fall, as well as a number of our innovative platforms launching. So we feel, again, like obviously second quarter was our most considerable comparison versus 2012. But it will remain a more challenging year as we go forward in 2014. Obviously, we line up strength on strength both Hasbro's Boys brands, as well as our partner brands, in '14, '15 and beyond. Again, if you look at the regions, you see that really that POS is comparable to the POS I just cited, with Boys really being the strongest negative comparison to a year ago. And we feel, again, good longer term about our Boys business given the best of entertainment, both television, as well as film, coming in the both near and long term. And we also feel good about the growth of our business in Girls and Games and Preschool. We're also seeing great growth in the emerging markets, up double digits, 24% in the emerging markets. And we are gaining share in markets like Brazil. If you look at our POS internationally, where we do get POS, we're up in about half the countries where we get POS in the second quarter. So we get POS data outside the U.S. in 6 countries. We're up in half of those.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, that would be the maximum we would provide over the contract. And that has to do with the fact that Disney is, of course, lining up far more entertainment than what was originally contemplated as part of our relationship. And so as you've seen the Walt Disney Company gear up around Star Wars, begin to talk about the major entertainment initiatives and movies, as well as television, the Marvel extensions, which goes for another 2 years, and the additional entertainment that Marvel is now planning, all of those things line up well for us. And again, the way it gets paid is as those entertainment initiatives are launched -- and as those entertainment initiatives are launched, then we would have advances paid around each of those new movies. And again, the $225 million is a minimum payment based on the amount of entertainment that is anticipated.
Brian D. Goldner: No. In fact, the Boys business and the Boys industry or category historically has been one of the most demand-elastic categories that exists in the toy industry. And so in fact, when you have entertainment and major initiatives in entertainment, be it television, online, all screens or theatrical, across all screens, in fact, you can drive significant business. It just so happens that in second quarter 2013 up against '12, we have 3 major Boys areas that are down versus a year ago, which makes for a challenging comparison. But again, if you think about the ability of entertainment to build brand affinity, to build retail purchases across the shopping basket and the fact that many of these entertainment initiatives come during the second and third quarters, so prior to holiday season, that's all very important to retailers globally. Then if you add to that the fact that one of the biggest areas of growth for the motion picture business are the emerging markets and the number of multiplexes that are being built there and the amount of consumers and audiences going to movies there, in fact, it portends good things for the Boys entertainment business globally, and it's certainly something that we look forward to both as we place our television and our partners place television, as well as movies around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, most of our Boys brands, and I don't -- I won't speak specifically about Avengers, but in general, there's a significant proportion of shipping. And then as sell-through occurs, we continue to ship products through the third and fourth quarters of the year, and that -- because we also add new items and initiatives for the holiday season and new price points. So I would say proportionally, there's a proportion -- certainly a significant proportion that happens in the second quarter. But then you continue to ship products throughout the remainder of the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what I'll do -- because again, if you look across the business, Games, excluding the Wizards of the Coast, was up. Wizards of the Coast was up. And across the major segments of our business, we talked about Monopoly growing. Our gaming mega brands grew. Our core 20 grew. And so I'd say most of the major segments -- in fact, almost all of the major segments grew in the second quarter. And year to date, every major segment of our Games business has grown.
Brian D. Goldner: They continue to be in development. We have scripts in the works, as well as directors in some cases attached. And we feel that over the next couple of years, we will have the opportunity to launch new Boys brands. Some of those will be launched in movies. Some of those will be launched via television. Some of those will be launched in new and innovative -- additional new and innovation ways and platforms -- across platforms. So our intention is to selectively and strategically launch new Boys properties over time. We're also equally happy about and looking forward to launching some of the new initiatives from some of our partners. We've seen the beginnings of Guardians of The Galaxy and very excited about what that portends for Marvel as a new brand for them.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we do. And the others are in development, and we continue to work with Bad Robot and Paramount on Micronauts, and we're working on a script right now. And the other projects are in sort of similar state. So that's just the nature of making movies. If you remember, we started -- well, you may not know this, but it took us almost 5 years to get the first Transformers into theaters from the time we began working on it, and that's just the nature of making sure you have great characters and great storytelling first and foremost.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the biggest -- recall, and this has to do with some of our results in the quarter relative to Europe versus the rest of the world, Beyblade was more developed in Europe as it was back the first time it was launched, and it was this time as well. We launched a brand-new initiative around Beyblade called BEYWARRIORs this fall, as all-new television. So we are exploiting some new television entertainment support and new innovation in the toy line that we didn't have the first time around. And we would believe that, that should mitigate some of the comparisons as we go forward into the third and fourth quarter. But Beyblade throughout this year will continue to be a comparative -- a negative comparative throughout the rest of the year.
Brian D. Goldner: BEYWHEELZ has done well. And again, as it's launching, most of the new initiatives now for Beyblade do come in the third and fourth quarter. And the major initiative this year is this BEYWARRIOR's product lineup. We're very excited about that. It has all-new entertainment attached. And we're getting placement around the world for that programming with our partners, and the products look great.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, clearly, as we've done extensive consumer insight work, and anybody who has a young person in their house can tell you, particularly in developed economies, kids are increasingly and rapidly gravitating toward mobile gaming. And so we really feel that we're lining up for -- to go after the engine of this train, and the engine is in mobile gaming and out-of-home gaming. So the combination of the 70% acquisition of Backflip Studios, our partnership with Backflip in executing games, and I'll tell you that Backflip has millions of monthly active users already playing their games, and so therefore, we see this is a great avenue not only for their current raft of games but the development of new games. Then the connection between mobile gaming and integrated play opportunities between our brands, we're doing this on Magic: The Gathering. We're doing this today on MONOPOLY. We're doing this today on Furby and other brands. You'll see as we go forward. Then the addition of new platforms like TELEPODS, which is an all-new mobile gaming platform, which has both an analog play element, as well as a mobile gaming play element. It's really break frame, and we're very pleased to hear the early responses from media, as well as from consumer research that we've done. And that will launch in August and roll out in line with some of the new apps that are coming out from our partners at Rovio and Lucasfilm. And then lastly but equally importantly, we have some great partnerships with mobile gaming companies, which we'll continue with EA. We are partnered on our 8 core brands around their initiatives. Then we have DeNA on certain brands and Gameloft on our My Little Pony and Littlest Pet Shop brands. So we really feel that the sweet spot for gaming, particularly for young people, is mobile gaming, and we see a great opportunity continue to build revenues and earnings around this, and of course, gross margins that are accretive to our underlying toy and game gross margins.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, let me try to answer the second part of your question in a different way from the numbers that we have reported because again, that breakdown is something that we've not reported and probably not the right way to think about things. But clearly, if you look in the quarter, you see the growth in 3 of the other -- of our 4 product segments. And you see significant growth in Girls and double-digit growth in Games and then growth in our Preschool business. You also see growth of 5 of our 7 franchise brands. In fact, franchise brand growth was up double digits in the quarter and double-digit year to date. So what we've said as our objective is, in fact, happening. And the 2 brands that didn't grow in the quarter, Transformers was just down a bit and then Littlest Pet Shop, as you know, is in the process of a reinvention around entertainment that's rolling out throughout the year, particularly in the third and fourth quarter, an all-new innovation in the product line. So long term, our focus on franchise brands and growth there is particularly heartening. We're on track for our objectives in that area. If you look at Games, we go from strength to strength, and our teams have done a great job in bringing innovation back to the Games business across a number of different segments. In fact, as we said, year to date, all of the Gaming segments, as we've broken it out for you in our recent Analyst Meetings, are up. And we would continue to thrive in Gaming across those segments. And add to that our efforts in mobile gaming. I think you're seeing us really activate our Brand Blueprint around our franchise brands, around Gaming and Girls. And then there's Preschool. We've got a number of sweet spots there where we've really developed a unique positioning and added product innovation with Play-Doh this year with a whole new compound in Play-Doh Plus. Transformers Rescue Bots bringing character play to that younger consumer in a way that moms can really buy in has been quite fantastic for us, and we're seeing that roll out around the world. So again, it really comes down to comparisons versus year ago. There were 3 major initiatives a year ago that were driving our Boys business, Beyblade and then movie-related entertainment initiatives. And as we go forward, I think we've highlighted for you a superior level of entertainment that will come both from Hasbro brands, as well as partner brands, in 2013 fall and certainly into '14, '15 and beyond.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I would reassure you that if you look at our core business, excluding Boys or the movie-related Boys brands, we would have been up.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you think about it, it's much more of a long-term strategy that we have around gaming, particularly around mobile gaming. As we said to you a number of years ago, we wanted to build the expertise in-house, and we've now done that. Mark Blecher and his team have done a fantastic job in mobile gaming in embedding our teams with the best in the business across a number of partnerships, be it at EA and in mobile or Activision, DeNA, Gameloft and other companies, and really understanding the trends that are out there in the industry the way that the industry players understand the trends. As we began our conversation with Backflip, they have a tremendous management team and have built new brands within this industry and have millions of monthly active users. We really saw a joint opportunity to not only work on known Hasbro brands but introduce new brands together, using this mobile gaming to integrated play model. And so we had an original deal with EA that went out. It was a 6 plus 4-year deal. So this is the renewal for the 4 additional years. And we felt very good that EA would continue to handle those 8 core brands. That's really where their focus is, and that enables us to work on all the other brands of the company.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at the markets, there's differences by market. I think within Europe, you have Eastern Europe, including Russia and Poland and other countries that are particularly strong. Clearly, if you look at France and U.K., a little bit weaker. And we would expect that as the economic environment changes, as well as we add our third and fourth quarter initiatives, we would see changes there. As I said, where we have POS data in the 6 international markets, we're up in 3 of those. That includes 2 European countries, where we're up in Germany and Spain. And so we're beginning to see the turnaround in Spain that we'd hope for and also plan for. We're seeing good strength in a number of markets in Latin America, with Brazil's growth and growth in market share, POS growth in Mexico. So again, I think that you have a couple of the Continental European markets there that are more challenging. Australia within Asia has been more challenging. The economic environment there has been more challenging. And again, as we get beyond some of these comparisons in Boys, the categories like Girls, Games and Preschool are up there, consistent with our overall results. So as we add new Boys initiatives in the third and fourth quarter this year and then longer term, new Boys entertainment in the form of TV and film, as well as online content, we expect that, along with the economic turnarounds in those economies, we should see better things.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have executed our plan to bring in inventory closer to consumer demand. And you see that with our inventory being down and enables us to get new initiatives out and new inventories in the market in a timely fashion in time for the holidays. We're actually seeing great games in our Girls business with retailer support, with Furby, Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony Equestria Girls, Play-Doh, FurReal Friends, Baby Alive. And in Preschool, we're seeing Games and also strong response from retailers. And Sesame Street as well, coming back, and it's been up -- it was up for the quarter and is coming back. In Games, we're seeing some increases there in terms of retailer commitments. So we have a pretty good sense of retailers and their commitments for the holidays. They've been very happy with a lot of the new innovation and initiatives we're bringing to the market. And we're bringing some new platforms to the market that are quite literally, forgive the pun, game changers, like TELEPODS with a whole new gaming platform that's around mobile gaming. And again, very excited retailers and partnerships that we're building globally.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, in fact, I mentioned it in our prepared remarks and talked about it briefly. But let me sort of summarize. Littlest Pet Shop has performed very well on the Hub. It's among the most highly rated program in the Hub. It's also among the most highly rated program that we're having, and we are in about 4, 5 countries, beginning in English-speaking territories and rolling our way through the rest of the markets in third and fourth quarter. Brand-new innovative product line for this year as well, all new innovation for 2014. And the team is really getting some traction here, and I think we'll have an opportunity to show you in September some of the new product for holiday season. And then by next February, I think you'll really see what we've done and modeled on My Little Pony is what we would intend to do on Littlest Pet Shop, and that effort is beginning to roll out around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Tim, let me just clarify. So what we said is if you look at 2015, we're saying at that point. But just as this year, we've identified for you $48 million -- $45 million to $48 million worth of cost savings in 2013 and then a run rate towards $100 million. So by 2015, we're targeting $100 million.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, I appreciate the question because in fact, our brands, if you go online, our brands are everywhere online in terms of digital shorts. Once you're producing television episodes that are 20 minutes long, you're able to have -- any number of shorts and music videos and all kinds of online line entertainment, we're seeing kids enjoying that entertainment online. We've produced now -- on our way to producing 800 half hours of programming, so that gives us an inordinate amount of online content. In addition, it gives us the opportunity to stream our content in partnerships around the world. So no, we are not wedded to having to be in the movie business with additional properties. We look at movies as great, if we can get the right story, highlighting the right characters. You saw us with a new innovative approach, launching Equestria Girls this year, with a limited run of an animated film in about 300 theaters followed by Home Entertainment, followed by broadcast on the Hub and other broadcasters around the world, which will be followed by streaming. So that's a whole new innovative way to platform the launch of a property. So we really do adhere to the concept of an all-screen strategy and to the fact that brands can be invented in any form and format and then driven across all of the different elements, all the different touch points that are important to consumers and audiences to build brand affinity. And so we are agnostic about where we begin and where we end. We just have built the capabilities to create those experiences, including digital gaming, as an opportunity to create experiences around these brands and then to take that concept of integrated play and playing with our brands into entertainment and content. So I do appreciate the question, and certainly, we are not wedded to only being in the movie business.
Deborah M. Thomas: Good morning, Michael. Well, I think as you look at, and we try to point out in the release, SD&A was impacted this quarter by the pension charge. So when you back that out in the second quarter, we -- is the time that we tend to incur any stock-based compensation expense because that's when it's granted by our board. So what you're really seeing, with your comparisons for the second quarter, is an increase in compensation expenses, as well as depreciation from our capital assets. Now they're not big numbers in their total, but they just happen to impact the second quarter. If you actually look at SD&A on a year-to-date basis and back out the restructuring charges year-on-year, you'll see that SD&A is down as a percent of revenue.
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes. And we've always said that there will be some element of inflation in the costs. But to say we will take out $100 million in savings, not all of it will be in SD&A. And we highlighted in February the line items that we expected it will come out from. But we remain on target for $100 million of cost savings by 2015.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we continue to look at the best ways for investing in the business. And as we pointed out, our investments in emerging markets have been paying off. We saw that with the growth this quarter again. So we believe that we're providing the most effective use of our cash, and we continue to look at the most cost-effective ways to use that cash to grow the business.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we said that we remain on track for the full year for the gross savings of $45 million to $48 million. I don't think we've gone through and disclosed how much we have by quarter.
Deborah M. Thomas: I think you actually hit it, Felicia. And what we're seeing is if we look at from a percentage of revenue standpoint, you typically get a higher -- lower cost of sales as a percent of revenue when you have a lot of entertainment, Boys entertainment property. So when you have the Marvel and Beyblade, it was a lower cost of sales percent of revenue but a higher royalty percent. So if you look at the 2 of those together, the decline in our royalties as a percent of revenue is actually greater than the increase in cost of sales as a percent of revenue.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we're currently evaluating our alternatives for settling that debt. But I would say, given the current interest rate environment, we currently would anticipate that we'd refinance a portion, if not all of that. But as we move closer to the due date, our plans will firm up, and we will certainly let you know at that time.
Deborah M. Thomas: We said in '15. So hopefully, earlier in the year, but by the end of '15, we'll have identified for you $100 million of cost reductions.
