Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, good morning, Drew. Yes, as we said, we just had an exceptional year here at Hasbro. And our results exceeded even our own expectations. And we'd said earlier in the year, we believed that our margins would be flat to slightly up, and they were better than that. They were slightly up including the impact of our non-cash goodwill impairment. Again, that was an accounting charge that we'd indicated we needed to look at potential impairment in the fourth quarter. And just due to some timing we did have one, but it was a non-cash charge. So, absent that, just based on our good performance and solid performance around the world, we were able to increase our operating profit margins faster and more than even our own expectations a bit earlier in the year. As far as 2017 goes, we think as we looked at and continue to make those investments, because again what we always stress is, it's really for the long-term sustainable profitable growth of Hasbro that we will still have some investments, particularly in 2017, on MAGIC: THE GATHERING to get Magic Digital Next up and running and some other investments that we'll continue to make in the business. And some of those other non-cash type charges that we've expended in the past, like depreciation on our IT systems, we'll put a chart up at Toy Fair again on that, but we'd show they do peak up to 2018 and then start to come down after that. So, we'll provide quite a bit more color at Toy Fair as well.
Deborah M. Thomas: And as far as the 53rd week, I mean, what we find is the 53rd week actually comes early for us because our year ended 12/25 in 2016 and it ends 12/31 in 2017, so it really kind of comes at the beginning of the year versus the end of the year for us. So, we'll find while we've got some more expenses, it just generally blends out over the course of the year.
Deborah M. Thomas: Right. And I agree. And we say that all the time. I mean, first and foremost, we invest in our business. And if we see something that fits with our strategy, and we haven't deviated off our strategy in many years, that's what we want to look at opportunistically because that's in the best interest of our shareholders for the long-term. So, absent that, we'll return our excess cash to our shareholders, and we do that through dividend. We're really pleased our board announced another dividend increase this year, 12% on per share per quarter, which is just fantastic, and shows that our continued belief in our business is there. And then, subject to available cash, we return cash to our shareholders through share repurchase as well. And for 2017, subject to market conditions, we're still looking at about the same level as 2016 on that.
Deborah M. Thomas: Yeah. So, let me take cash flow first, and then – so I think, we had a really just an exceptional year this year. And we did target, I think, we had $550 million to $600 million was our target in 2016. While we're not at Toy Fair yet, and we'll be talking more about it next week, I would expect that we would take our thoughts around operating cash flow up this year in 2017.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, Drew, I think important to note that I'd encourage you to model off of our GAAP operating profit margin. And remember that we've improved the operating profit margin over the last three years consecutively. So, I think the higher operating margin certainly portends good things as we continue to look at ways to expand operating profit faster than revenues growth. And it's a shape of things to come in the future and then model off of the GAAP operating margin. As it comes to, as you look at brands, I think that our new designations in categories are great way to now look at our business, it's much more indicative of the way we look at our business. So, you see great growth for the year, in Gaming, was up 23%, the Games category overall which is about $1.4 billion business for us, was up 9%. Our Emerging Brands were up 17%. Our Franchise Brands were up a couple percent, 2%, and then of course our Partner Brands were up 28%. So, the company had great strength and if you took out Partner Brand growth, the company still grew in a very strong way. So, I think going into 2017, what you see is good retail inventory on several brands that really performed throughout the year and we're setting up for early-year initiatives, including PRINCESS, NERF, STAR WARS, FROZEN, TROLLS. We also saw great growth of these brands online. And as we go into the initiatives for the year, you see, or quarter-by-quarter great initiatives coming from us for our brands and also our partners' brands. I think one of the first initiatives out of the gate is the new live-action Beauty and the Beast movie coming for PRINCESS in March and then we go into three Marvel properties for the year, including something I'm very excited about, the new Spider-Man movie which is incredibly toyetic, and then a Guardians film and Avengers. But brand to brand, strength to strength for 2017. I think the other fun part of the STAR WARS lineup for 2017 is its 40th anniversary, so in addition to focusing on the two movies coming out of last year and then into the new movie, The Last Jedi for December, obviously, it's a wonderful year to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the New Hope. So, again, whether it's NERF or PLAY-DOH or some of our Partner Brands, what we're going to do for TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY around our two feature films, you'll see a real strong lineup as you come into Toy Fair next week.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, clearly, the industry overall global was up 4.5% for the year and we saw growth through the end of the year. Hasbro was the number one player in December, according to NPD. We saw share growth in most every market in which we participate in and where we have data. We saw great growth in emerging markets, including double-digit growth in China, significant growth in Russia and growth in Brazil, which one of the markets that was down a bit for the year, yet we grew revenues and share in that market. So, overall, I would say the industry saw strong growth. We saw strong share growth in several categories, three major categories of the industry, the way the NPD data looks at it. And we were the number one company across five major categories of product, including dolls, arts and crafts, outdoor sports, games, plush, action figures. So, we see a market that is ripe for story-led brands backed by strong innovation and insights that embrace digital and are executed globally with incredible team work. And that's what we did. And that's what we'll continue to do.
Brian D. Goldner: So, I guess the answer is, we see growth in the industry. So, I'm not sure exactly what your question...
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, our DSOs are down by 2 days. Our inventory levels year-on-year are up $3 million, or basically flat year-on-year. We didn't experience any kind of extraordinary sales allowances. And we entered the year, I looked at retail inventories knowing that would be an area of discussion, and if you look at the brands that where we have retail inventory that would be an increase versus year ago, you have PRINCESS and FROZEN where we didn't have the brands a year ago. You had STAR WARS where a year ago, we really were out of stock coming out of the movie and now we're set up well for the spring initiatives around Rogue One, around the 40th anniversary and then, of course, head into the new movie in December. We have inventory around NERF. We've had great success across a number of initiatives. And, of course, we have a new initiative coming there in NITRO. And, of course, TROLLS, which performed incredibly well. We had really worked hand-in-glove with DREAMWORKS and now Universal. The brand really resonates in the toy space, as you would imagine it would, and we're very excited about our initiatives coming into 2017.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, look, overall, I think it's important to note for STAR WARS, our POS in 2016 was up versus 2015, for the brand. And clearly, we tried to indicate quarter-on-quarter, we saw different template in 2016 than 2015 but overall, we believed the brand would perform similar to 2015 and it, in fact, did. Obviously in the fourth quarter, it was below the prior year. If you look at the differences in timing, clearly that plays a bit of a role about STAR WARS in the fourth quarter, but I would tell you if you look at our online business, particularly in the U.S. where we have great data, overall online sales were up three times that of our overall POS. So, our overall POS in the quarter, in the U.S., was up 10%. So, it was better than three times. And online and one of the key areas that was really growing for us online were STAR WARS. And so, we had some great initiatives there, and clearly helped to drive our overall online POS, so STAR WARS was up. So, I think that as we go the forward on Rogue One, I'm sure that there'll be even more engagement in that story as more and more kids catch on to the story. The movie didn't really come until mid-December. And then of course, we have wonderful 40th anniversary product I know our fans and collectors are very excited from all of our social scraping and listening. We really see their excitement around the 40th anniversary. And then we'll segue again into a fall event, and head into The Last Jedi. And so, again, I think we're set up well for STAR WARS this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, let me take the PRINCESS question first. So, remember, a year ago, we were just launching our PRINCESS business. And what we saw throughout the year was great results in PRINCESS and FROZEN. And in fact, we performed at a very high level and our retailers felt very strongly about our product offering, the innovation. We got a lot of really positive consumer takeaway and consumer feedback as well. But one of the other things we saw throughout the year particularly early in the year and then it continued throughout the year was this baseline of POS related to the prior product, the product from the predecessor licensee. And in fact, if you took the full year, it was probably on average between PRINCESS and FROZEN about 25% of overall POS related to product that had been shipped in, in 2015 and in 2016, given their window to ship. So, we clearly see PRINCESS as just the early days. And we've said before that we believe long-term that we can grow the PRINCESS business to be far bigger on average in a given year than it had been in the past and we don't really change our thoughts about that. The team has done a great job in innovative product. I think one of the keys to that as you look at the holiday sales, you get to online and a good segue, one of the key items that sold online was the 11-pack of our PRINCESSES, meaning all 11 PRINCESSES offered as an online pack and it was one of our key items for the holidays. People loved that shimmering doll and that was one of our top sellers. If you look at online overall, we clearly have gone through a learning curve. We continue to go through a learning curve and how you do packaging different, how you create digital assets. And so there have been some initial costs related to that as we build our capabilities as a company in design and development. But I would also tell you overall, there is no long-term difference, or cost of business difference long-term between brick and mortar and online. In the short-term, we've clearly built in those investments into our P&L that's been expressed over the last couple years. But, long-term next, call it, two to four years, we should be in a position where there is, again, the costs are very similar in cost of business. But you've got to work through all the initial startups, frustration-free packaging, digital assets and how you develop a solid pat product. But again, we've been able to accomplish an awful lot and come up the learning curve relatively quickly.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. So, overall, if you take the GAAP number we reported, it was 15.7% operating margin, clearly the full year on adjusted is, 16.4%. The point I make is that over the last three years, we've had improving operating profit margin consecutively. And we would expect to continue to improve operating profit margin over time. And I believe that the 16.4% portends the long-term, longer term future of Hasbro, but we need to continue to build a relentlessly repeatable model. We need to be able to execute at that level that would enable us to get there on a sustaining basis. So, therefore, I would encourage you to model based on 15.7%, recognizing that over the last three years we've been able to expand operating margin modestly in each and every year. So, just again, I think everyone at the company is very focused on long-term achieving that kind of 16.4% level on a regular basis, but we also know that that took tremendous performance, and, I think, every factor that could go for us went for us. And again, I think that I'm just trying to give you some help as you think about your modeling.
Brian D. Goldner: I think in addition to a great calendar that stretched all 12 months, we've talked about how the old days of summer movies has now become year-round movies that are all can be toyetic and contribute to our business. So, you start in the first quarter with great initiatives like Beauty and the Beast. We have a new Spider-Man that, as I said, I'm particularly excited about. You've got Guardians too (44:49). And wait till you see our dancing GROOT, it's quite a fun product. And then you get into, in the fall in Marvel, Thor, which again, part of the Avengers. And then, of course, we have our own TRANSFORMERS. We have a MY LITTLE PONY movie coming in October. We get into the holidays with STAR WARS, so I think it's really stretched out. The other thing that's interesting is the difference in globality between, let's just take three properties. So, there's a great opportunity. Marvel is one of the more developed Boys action properties with about 55% of revenues or better coming in international markets. Our TRANSFORMERS business is sort of roughly split, but has been growing more internationally over time. And then STAR WARS is a little less internationally oriented, but I think over time, again, as we partner with Disney, we'll grow it to be more global. So, don't just focus on the U.S. marketplace, but rather the global marketplace as we think about how we run these initiatives and brands. And so, I think we partner really well with our studios partners, and again, are working to continue to grow those businesses. And the play patterns, innovation and focus for each of our teams, we have dedicated teams on each of those brands and businesses, enable them to really focus on bringing the best ideas to each of those properties. And we treat all those properties like our properties, because we're a great IP owner and a great partner.
Brian D. Goldner: We really have looked at where we are with retail inventories. Remember, our inventories at Hasbro are roughly flat to year ago. And if you look at retail inventories and you add up the increments, it's in the brands I outlined earlier, which are all strong brands where we had lesser inventory a year ago for good reason, meaning PRINCESS was just starting, as was FROZEN. STAR WARS, we were really out of stock the year prior, and now we have some in stock to take advantage of the first half of the year. TROLLS is brand new for us. And NERF, of course, has had great success and we have new initiatives. We'd seen discounted product running throughout the year on a brand like PRINCESS in 2016, and yet with our innovation and marketing we continue to perform. We don't see any retail inventories impacting our full-year 2017. So, I would take a longer view, a four-quarter view, to our business. I can't really comment on what others might do promotionally, but we have our plans in place and obviously provide the same level of discounts and allowances to our retailers in this past season than we've provided in past years. There's really been no difference.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah. Our business, we would be ahead of the industry growth around the world ex-DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN. So, our overall POS would be better than the industry growth still. And as I mentioned, of course, our business would be up considerably ex-DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN as well.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. I'll take part and then, Deb, maybe you'll talk about a piece. Look, we've said that our Brand Blueprint has been our guiding principle and we enacted the Blueprint back in 2008 after having developed global brands focus for the company, and that's been our focus. If you notice, everywhere we've added capability, it's been around the Blueprint, it's been a way for us to execute our brands and storytelling. We're very happy to have Boulder Media on board, our animation studio in Ireland that's going to give us some bandwidth for additional animation. We're very happy to have Backflip Studios. It gives us owned and control mobile gaming creation, in addition to third-party. We always follow a similar path as we look at M&A. First thing we do is, we partner with the best in the business and we learn from them. Second, we develop teams and we embed teams with those partners so that we learn the business and bring that experience in-house. And then we begin to look outside of ourselves for what capabilities we need and size and scale those opportunities relative to the long-term opportunity for the company. So, we remain open to look at new ideas, and we are also very careful to say it has to fit within our model. And our model, of course, is storytelling and digital engagement and brands. And that's our focus.
Brian D. Goldner: So, then, Tim, if you talk about operating profit margin, my point is exactly as you've said and I'll repeat, we believe in investing in our business, first and foremost. We have a lot of investments we've made that are paying dividends today, and new investments that we intend to have pay off in the future. Our return on invested capital is quite strong at about 15%, and up versus years prior. So, we really do look at the way we invest in our business to set us up for the future, most notably in MAGIC: THE GATHERING. For example, we have Magic Digital Next, which has been an investment for a number of years and will continue to be a bit of investment this year because, of course, late this year, you'll start to see some of the evidence of what the team has been working on as they begin to put that platform out into the market. So, my broad guidance to you is that last year GAAP we achieved 15.7% operating profit margin. Obviously, overall, we achieved 16.4%. And I think the 16.4% is a beacon for our company. It demonstrates that when we execute with excellence we can achieve much stronger returns, and we can gain leverage off of our efforts. But again, over the last three years, we've improved our operating profit margin and I would encourage us to all look at something like 16.4% as a longer term objective given that we also have, in our mind's eye, the ability to deliver visibility and sustainability to our revenues and earnings. And so, again, we've expanded operating profit margin and the 15.7% is a very good number and it's improved each year over the last three years. And I would expect it to improve in the near term and medium term, and that's was just a way of helping you guys as you think about your model.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Well, look, this year, you have a similar template that you had in the last two years, where you have the period after a movie in the spring. This year's a bit different and exciting because you have the 40th anniversary, which, as you know, will be a fun celebration among fans and families. And then of course, we get into the movie period in the fall. So, again, I would call it a similar template to prior years. For Marvel, we have three great major initiatives. Obviously, they have a raft of wonderful television that's also supports the brands. Spider-Man, Guardians and Avengers, I'm, as I said, particularly excited about Spider-Man. I think that they've done a fantastic job from everything I've seen in the trailers, in the materials and just how they've really built up this character. And go online and look at the wonderful trailers with Tony Stark. And I think you really get an idea of just how fun the character is and how toyetic this can be. You also have to look at things like TRANSFORMERS, because last year, second half of the year, TRANSFORMERS was up in a significant way. The team's done a great job in a non-movie year in really using other streams of entertainment including streaming content on Machinima, an MCN, to our fans, kids content and robots, rescue bots as well as robots in disguise sort of mainline entertainment to drive that brand with wonderful innovation as well as collector-oriented product. And so, this year, of course, would be a year, a movie year, which will enable us to accelerate that business further and create great product. And then, of course, we're already lining up a wonderful movie around Bumblebee for 2018, and many or our partners have wonderful lineups for 2018. In 2018, in Marvel, for example, you have four great initiatives, including Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War, Ant Man Versus Wasp, and then, of course a spider-man-animated film toward the end of the year. So, I think we go from strength to strength. I said a couple of years ago, we had entered an unprecedented era of new entertainment, both from Hasbro and our partners. And I believe that we are in the early innings of enjoying that.
Brian D. Goldner: Yeah, look, we obviously don't provide specific guidance, but I think if what we've laid out is any indication, we feel very good about our year. And we look forward to seeing you at Toy Fair, and describing to you the new initiatives for our business.
Felicia Hendrix: So, Brian, heading into this call, I think expectations were for you to have a different tone in general, maybe not specific to the company, but regarding the industry as a whole. So, clearly, you benefited from strong performance in the quarter, but can you just give us some color as to what you saw in the quarter from an industry perspective? You didn't really talk a lot, in your prepared remarks, about the industry. And I thought the comment, Deb, that you made at the end of your prepared remarks that sales allowances were flat year-over-year was interesting. So, just wondering if you could discuss how you maintain those given the industry challenges. Thanks.
Felicia Hendrix: No, that hit it. And then your sales allowances were indeed flat year-over-year, so there was no kind of pressure for you to promote more than normal.
Felicia Hendrix: That's good. And then just on STAR WARS, you mentioned, Brian, that STAR WARS declined slightly year-over-year, but that was commentary related to the overall portfolio. Just wondering if you could give us a little color about Rogue One. And what I'm trying to also understand is, how Boys would have done if you adjusted for Force Friday, which was in the quarter this year and not last year? And then also along those lines, what the POS for the quarter would have been on a calendar basis, since the fiscal quarter ended on 12/25/2016. I'm just trying to get apples to apples.
