Brian Goldner: The Hasbro team globally continued to execute our strategy well and we delivered a strong first quarter performance. Hasbro grew its business across all our major product categories including boys, games and puzzles, girls, and preschool. We grew revenues in the US and Canada segment and across all regions of the international segment, including Europe, Mexico and Latin America and Asia/Pacific. As we look at Hasbro’s mega brand performance; Littlest Pet Shop, Monopoly, Magic the Gathering, Nerf, and Playskool all grew in the quarter. In addition, Baby Alive, Play-doh, Tonka, FurReal Friends, and Super Soaker were all up versus a year ago. The Iron Man brand also contributed to the growth in our global boys business in the quarter. We are excited for the opening of Iron Man 2 scheduled for May 7th. In February, we shared with you that in order grow our business in 2010 we needed to deliver growth across our portfolio of brands. The first quarter is a good first step toward that end. The comparisons in the second quarter become more of a challenge as we anniversary the movie ship ins for both Transformers and G.I. Joe in 2009. Foreign currency trends have also become less of a tailwind than we initially anticipated for the year. Having said this, we continue to believe we should be able to grow revenues and earnings per share for the full year 2010, including the dilution from our television investments and absent a further deterioration in the value of foreign currencies, consumer spending, or global economic conditions. Next, we will execute our global strategy as we continue to transform Hasbro into a branded play company. Our entertainment initiatives remain on track. Transformers 3 is scheduled for release on July 1, 2011. Frances McDormand and John Malkovich have been added to the already great cast. Stretch Armstrong is slated for summer 2012 staring Taylor Lautner and its being filmed in 3-D. Battleship is planned for May 25, 2012 and will be production shortly. Taylor Kitsch, who stared in the television series Friday Night Lights, as well as in Marvel’s Wolverine, is our lead for Battleship. In support of our television initiatives, Hasbro studios continues to ramp up development and production in line with our plans. The team currently has 317 half hours of programming in development and production for distribution to The Hub network and international markets. We are delighted with the talent on board at the studio and all key roles are filled with the most recent addition being Finn Arnesen. Finn joins Hasbro Studios from Cartoon Network in Europe and will be Senior Vice President International Distribution and Development, charged with selling Hasbro Studios programming in all key markets around the world. The Hub, our joint venture children’s television network with Discovery Communications, will be launching on 10/10/10. Margaret Loesch and her team have been meeting with potential advertisers over the past several weeks and the reception has been very positive. The Hub will feature a number of day parts targeting preschool and kids during the day and in the evening will offer families an opportunity to enjoy television together. We will provide more details on Hasbro Studios productions and the launch of The Hub in the coming weeks. In 2010 we are driving strong innovation, creating immersive experiences and expanding internationally. As in every year, we are focused on delivering growth across our business while unlocking the potential of our brands geographically as well as across platforms.  You’ve heard me say this before but it stands repeating. Not every brand should be supported by a motion picture but every Hasbro brand must be regularly re-imagined. This concept is central to our success this year and every year as we execute our strategy across our business. We have the tools in place to accomplish our long term objective of re-imagining, re-inventing, and re-igniting our brands, of creating immersive experiences and of growing our business in the emerging markets. With these tools and strong execution from the Hasbro team globally we believe we can grow our business in 2010 and in the years to come. With that I’ll turn the call over to Deb.
Brian Goldner: A year ago obviously we had two major motion pictures we were gearing up for in Transformers and G.I. Joe. We are obviously gearing up for, have already begun shipping Iron Man in the first quarter. Very excited about Iron Man, all the indications are very positive. Again, we have a number of Hasbro’s brands are owned and operated brands that are performing very well across the portfolio from Nerf to FurReal, and in our girls business and preschool business. Not dependent on entertainment as we said, we were going to have and create immersive experiences across a number of our own brands and those are being born out. We just want to make sure we remembered collectively that second quarter would be our toughest comps for the year.
Brian Goldner: If you look at point of sale through the first quarter and year to date our POS increases are in line with the increase we’re seeing in our business. Again, I would say that we’re continuing to drive innovative product, the consumer take away is very positive and our shipments are consistent with that.
Brian Goldner: On the question about advertising revenue, the feedback thus far from consumers at large as well as advertising agencies and potential advertising clients to The Hub network has all been very positive and they see a great opportunity in the marketplace, a great gap in the marketplace for a network that focuses on kids and their families. Margaret is out meeting with potential advertisers, we will make more formal announcements about our lineup and programming and schedule in the next four to five weeks and then we’ll be able to come back to you with what our schedule looks like, she’s going to lead that process. Again, the feedback has been very positive overall. I would sense both from our own plans as well as our sense in the market is that people do want to advertise and market their products that consumers are very brand centric, would like to purchase brands and innovative products and brands like Hasbro’s brands are being met with great reception in the marketplace. On the third question, on digital gaming, I think what you’re seeing overall is a shifting out year on year in our business and overall where you may have a bit less in console gaming but you’re getting more in online gaming, on mobile gaming, on iPhones and now the iPad. The absolute dollars or the ticket is changing. Console game is one price point and online game or and iPhone app is a different price point so you’re selling more items at a different price point. It’s really heartening to see that brands like Family Game Night was named as a favorite game for families, as number one game for families during the Xbox Live Arcade awards.  As you look at Xbox Live Arcade if you look at Scrabble on the iPad it’s one of the top apps already on the iPad. It’s a matter of activating brands across a number of different platforms of providing those immersive experiences and I think you’re seeing that overall shift in the marketplace where there’s a combination of console game sales this year for our products like Transformers has a new product coming out called Transformers: War for Cybertron in June which is from Activision in a non-movie year it’s a great game and great expectations there. Also a lot more in online, a lot more in mobile and iPhone and those games don’t carry the same purchase price as do console games.
Brian Goldner: The sku plan has been pretty aggressive. In fact we continue to see aggressive plans from EA, our brands performed exceedingly well in the casual gaming space and across platforms so I would say their focus continues to be on Hasbro brands as a killer app in the casual gaming space.
Brian Goldner: One more thing I should mention as I look at the array of games that are selling well I think the Wizards of the Coast folks certainly deserve a shout out for their effort and really Magic the Gathering is performing exceedingly well both as the analog paper based game as well as online.
Brian Goldner: The boys business grew 3% globally and really we’re heartened to see certainly Iron Man contributed as we indicated. As you see brands like Nerf that are growing dramatically, domestically, as well as in international market, as we’ve done a lot of work around consumer insights as we understand the universal truths about Nerf.  There’s a brand that’s really contributing to our boys business that is our owned and operated brand, high operating profit margins and as we grow those businesses, as we indicated, those are the kinds of businesses that allow us to amortize our expenses in R&D and marketing and drive the kinds of operating returns that we’re seeing in the quarter. Though really while Iron Man contributed in the quarter we’re also seeing our owned and operated Nerf business, Tonka business and other boys businesses contributing as well.
Brian Goldner: I think that we performed very well in the first quarter and have certainly performed at the high end of our sense of range of what we wanted to achieve in the first quarter, we certainly came out with the kind of momentum. I’m not going to comment on first half performance overall but certainly with the POS gains that we’ve had in the first quarter with the revenue results, with the operating profit results you’ve seen in the first quarter our reiterating our broad guidance for the year is easier to do.  I think that we again we would reiterate our guidance for the year that we believe we’ll grow revenues and EPS baring any further deteriorations in certain key indices. Overall I think it’s easier for us to say that today than it was 90 days ago.
Brian Goldner: We’re seeing different rates of increases. Certainly in the emerging markets are the highest percentage gains followed by more Eastern European then mature markets. In terms of inventories...
Brian Goldner: I think the other trend that’s out there given still coming out this recessionary environment is that consumers really have continued to gravitate even more toward brands. As Hasbro’s been able to offer innovation in its brands and continue to offer great products and innovative products that are at a value price point we’ve been a beneficiary of consumers interest, given they have limited or more limited discretionary dollars over the last bit of time and coming out of that they certainly would prefer to be buying branded products, products they know, products that provide great play experiences and then the willingness to go with us across a number of platforms and pay for those immersive experiences. That’s all part of what we are seeing at retail and from retailers.
Brian Goldner: I think for young people and their families they understand our games, they understand our toy brands, they are enjoying those, they have shared those for generations. We continue to put innovation and re-imagining those products and so in this environment we’re offering consumers the opportunity to participate in immersive play and we’re providing those immersive play experiences and the consumer is benefiting from the innovation and at a value oriented price.
Brian Goldner: I think that David touched on earlier; Star Wars royalties were really down mostly because of a payment we made a year ago to extend our rights for two more years. We’re seeing good sell through on Star Wars, we continue to see good sell through on Transformers. Clearly Transformers is coming off a movie year so it won’t perform like it did a year ago.  Overall as you can see the combination of motion picture related properties later this fall, some of those properties are going to be beneficiaries of television support certainly the Marvel properties, Star Wars properties in the third quarter, the third season of Clone Wars kicks in. Marvel properties supported by television as will Transformers be supported by television. It’s a good combination and then of course brands like Nerf are performing very well domestically and globally. Again, it’s more related to the royalties paid year ago related to the extension of our rights and cleaning up an audit.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think it’s early yet to say. The overall POS is very positive so I can’t really say. For the full year I think we’ll get into the second, third quarter plans, the team has a lot of really significant marketing plans baked in for the second half of the year. They have a very focused effort and a new promotional campaign around the Hunt for the Decepticons which is a third and fourth quarter initiative. We’ll wait and see.
Brian Goldner: I would say it’s more the latter. It is a fresh opportunity, I think that people are beginning to understand what we’ve been saying all along which is that we really are open for business, that Hasbro branded content will only make up one of four inputs to the overall schedule. There are other third party content providers that are creating content, there’s new content that’s being created, there’s some Discovery livery that’s there.  Then of course Hasbro branded content, the fact is we are very much open for business and historically being an advertiser we understand what advertisers are looking for in terms of promotional opportunities and marketing opportunities. The Hub stands apart from a lot of the other kids networks because we really are going to celebrate what kids and what kids and families are looking for in terms of entertainment and both consumers as well as advertisers are seeing that as unique in the marketplace, certainly something worth supporting.
Brian Goldner: It’s not unlike the conversations we’ve been having with analysts and shareholders. At first people were a bit confused maybe as to why Hasbro went and did certain things and I think we’ve made that abundantly clear as to why we went forward in a joint venture with tremendous partners at Discovery. Similarly it takes a little while to explain to people how we’re going to be launching The Hub and what The Hub will represent vis-à-vis other networks out there.  But just as there are dozens of successful networks focused on the 18 to 49 year old adult demo or the 25 to 54 adult demo, advertisers and consumers are seeing an opportunity for another network to be successful in the marketplace for kids and for families.
Brian Goldner: We’ve talked about overall the dilution coming in the third and fourth quarters and being more significant as we re-launch and re-brand the channel to be The Hub network. I’m not going to go beyond that. I think Margaret, in the next several weeks will be outlining the schedule and more of a promotional plan and then I think that will become clear. We have said that the network launches on 10/10/10 and so that should give you some sense for our plans and for the timing of our expenditures.  
Brian Goldner: The big point, the broad point that I would make is that certainly through the quarter our POS was closer to double digit growth because of a slightly earlier Easter so actually that’s one week earlier Easter really drove a lot of those POS increases. If we look year to date our POS is still mid single digits increase if you look at the flip between the two. Our shipments are not inconsistent with that, in fact fairly consistent. Probably POS leading slightly especially in international markets to our ship ins.
Brian Goldner: I think over time you probably see a mix out that would have it probably go down as a percent just slightly in terms of advertising. As you probably grow via television and television programming a bit more, so overall I would not say that those two numbers together would be going up appreciably but probably relatively constant in the in years and then down slightly in the out years.
Brian Goldner: The Hub is the domestic distribution outlet but as we take our programming and distribute it internationally you would then see programming around our brands hitting markets around the world as we’ve done historically for brands like Transformers so that does enable you to get the leverage off of your R&D and marketing. That’s not unlike years where we have movie years or where our partners like Lucas have new TV series you’re able to use the marketing from the television and from the promotions to offset a bit of your own A to S ratio.
Brian Goldner: In fact, Nerf has grown appreciably but both domestically as well as internationally. We are seeing and have done a lot of work around Nerf to ensure that the insight is around the product line, the permission to play and to have fun with Nerf is now in honed to be a global initiative. We are seeing the uptake in Nerf globally albeit the US business obviously is several times bigger than the international business. As a proportion it doesn’t match our historical splits of international to domestic it’s more domestically oriented still today and the growth is from both sides. I don’t think we’re going to break it out further.
Brian Goldner: No, in fact I would say that it should, I think it’s just a matter continuing to invent and innovate in the brand which we’re doing. The major segments of the brand, the N-Strike as well as the N-Force are performing very well in the first quarter. We’re seeing a lot of excitement; this is a great example of a brand that’s benefiting from a different kind of immersive experience we’ve created.  There are 45,000 videos being created by our users that are online today on YouTube, they’re creating their own virtual Nerf network online. That’s all part of the fun of playing Nerf as people like to make videos around their exploits. The promotions are working as well as a lot of the new products. The team’s done a tremendous job, we’ve elevated Nerf to be a mega brand over the past fall and we’re seeing the up tick globally.
Brian Goldner: Yes, a significant portion would be in the holiday period for both brands even though they were motion pictures in the second quarter. The second quarter really was the movie ship in timing but still third and fourth quarter are much bigger as a proportion of total sales.
David Hargreaves: If you remember last year we said in the first quarter that we had been settling some royalty audit issues that we had regarding the Lucas license which went back a number of years. I think we said at that time there was a relatively small charge related to settling royalty audits at that time.
David Hargreaves: Clearly when we spoke at our analyst meeting in November and again in February we clearly said we expected most costs to be trending up. At this stage does it look like they could trend up a little bit more than we anticipated? Certainly on paper and board at the moment partly because of the Chilean capacity situation. We have seen a pretty significant spike in paperboard costs. At this stage I wouldn’t say that resins or electric components or Chinese labor is materially different to what we expected. I think we’ve said many times before that we are to some extent isolated from rising commodity costs because just about everything we buy out of the orient comes from third party vendors, we don’t have our own facilities. The way we get our vendors to quote a price is they competitively bid amongst our people but once they’ve won the business or won a product line essentially they have to live with that price. Clearly in truly exceptional circumstances like the fourth quarter ’07 and into early ’08 when commodities went up very dramatically we had to go back and revisit that. In general, the first increases in commodity costs at any given year will be absorbed by our vendors. Indeed we’re working very hard to help them be more profitable businesses growing, we’re giving them more work, and we’re level loading them. They can absorb a bit of this without losing money on our business.
David Hargreaves: I’ll take the first question with regards inventories internationally. I think probably a lot of international retailers had actually more aggressive goals in cutting inventory last year than did the US. I think they probably started with a bit less and therefore as economies start to recovery I do get a sense that international retailers in particular are willing to open the spigot a little bit and to take a bit more in. That doesn’t mean it’s a material change but it seems to be a bit of a change. The other reason why our international revenues grew a bit more is we clearly did get a little bit of help from FX and of course we had this pretty aggressive investment we’re making in emerging markets. We would expect to see higher growth rates international because of the investments we’re making in companies like Brazil and Peru and Czech Republic and China.
David Hargreaves: I think it’s a bit mixed. There are certainly some markets in Eastern Europe but we’re making pretty good operating margins on. Some of the bigger markets where we’re having to invest and we’re spending very high AQS rates at moment trying and build market share. Certainly Brazil and China we’re much closer to break even at the moment, maybe losing a little bit in Brazil but we do anticipate that certainly by 2012 these markets will start to show positive operating margin, at the corporate wide average. 
David Hargreaves: I would say our POS during the first quarter in most international markets exceeded the growth of shipping. I think a comment about retailers being a bit less inventory adverse is more of a general comment which probably bodes quite well for the balance of the year. The perception is with the economic recovery is more real and I think retailers and people that control the inventory are loosening up a bit. I don’t think, in fact I know certainly in most markets our POS growth exceeded our shipping growth.
David Hargreaves: I think coming into this year 2010 after 2009 where we did $600 million thereabouts in Transformers and another $100 plus million in Joe people were very concerned about the delta that we had to make up. We actually I think surprised people when we said we thought we would grow revenues again this year. At that time we said there’d be lots of singles and doubles and a lot of things contributing to that. Part of that was the strength of our brands, not just Transformers and Joe but its strength of our brands across a wide range and amount of newness we had.  Part of that was we were at that time anticipating a little bit of a tailwind from currency and we certainly got that in the first quarter, if we’re going to get that for the full year, we’re not sure at this stage. Part of that was we did see some overall improvement in the economy. I think we do have a delta that everyone knew we did on Transformers and Joe and part of how you overcome that and grow our business again this year is the strength of our product line, part of it is an improving economy.
Deb Thomas: Actually you are correct; it was $0.04 in the quarter. Really the majority of it in this quarter is really arising from the interest expense and the debt we incurred in connection with it. As we trend out to the latter part of the year we also have some impact with the hires we’ve made but as David mentioned earlier as we get closer to the launch those costs will become the re-branding and the re-launching of the network those costs will become a much greater component of the dilution.
Deb Thomas: No, to the extent that those costs are incurred by the network itself that’ll be in other income and expense and to the extent that we incur them they’ll be throughout the P&L.
Deb Thomas: I think we’d expect the underlying tax rate to be similar to what we talked about in February at 29% on the full year, similar to last year. With respect to CapEx I think we said at that time too we expect it to be around $100 million for the full year.
Deb Thomas: Before we move on I just wanted to correct one thing. We looked at our estimates for CapEx this year and I think we’re going to be closer to $120 million than $100 million this year.
Deb Thomas: The biggest movement in that line is really related to our investment in the joint venture with Discovery. That hit after the first quarter of last year. While we’re starting to ramp up with programming costs its not significant at this point. However, we’ve said that that expenditure could get up to $80 million over time as we develop it. That’ll start to get amortized as the programs begin to air.
