Brian Goldner: Well, the way we look at the business, Toys-R-Us is wrapped up in our results, and we could look at and have seen growth in other customers. We've seen growth in other channels. So we talked about the fact that we've opened other doors, and whether it's value or online, we've talked about the growth there. But given that we have these big ongoingly successful brands over time, these brands are more impacted by the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy and liquidation, and we've talked about that. But again, we expect to return to growth in 2019, and in the fourth quarter the big difference was that our estimates of what the liquidation would represent and what experts had indicated about people's purchasing product to be given away sooner versus later were both off. And therefore the liquidation had a greater impact in the fourth quarter, but we have these big brands and franchises, as well as our partner brands that were being supported substantially by Toys-R-Us but other retailers. And we expect to now return to growth across a number of those brands. We also had a number of brands grow within the year and in the fourth quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, you know, this was an unprecedented yet finite event, and I think that as we look back on our track record from 2012 to 2017, we've been delivering on the medium-term objectives we outlined for you. Over that period we achieved 5% in revenue growth CAGR. We achieved 13% net earnings growth CAGR, double-digit growth in emerging market, an expansion of operating profit margin by one full percentage point. We saw the emerging market grow double digits. So the fact is we expect to return in 2019 to growth, and we see this as a finite event that began in the fall of 2017, if you remember. And to remind people, we still shipped product to Toys-R-Us in the first quarter of last year, 2018, but we do see the headwinds from the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy that we've experienced since the fall of '17 that intensified during the liquidation dissipating during the first quarter of '19. And we are going experience and generate tailwinds in 2019, and that comes from things that Deb and I outlined. The innovation, a strong entertainment slate, retail inventory's down, our inventory in a great position with inventory down in Europe, and new capabilities that we're on-boarding and addressing our organization to be digital and very strong.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so in the US, we continue to ship in first quarter, and then US no longer ship because, if you recall, right after Toy Fair last year Toys-R-Us announced the liquidation. I think the only other country that goes this little bit beyond is Australia. So you'll probably have a bit of an impact there, and then they ultimately liquidated there. But yes, 2019's about a return to growth, about move beyond the Toys-R-Us bankruptcy and liquidation, and we expect to see growth this year, as well a growth in operating profit and an expansion of our operating profit margin in our plans.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so overall POS globally without Toys-R-Us...was overall globally POS was just down like less than 1% and North America was up low single digits, and Europe was down high single digits. Latin America was up. Asia-Pac was down mid single digits.  But our global franchise brands were up low single digits. Emerging brands were up mid single digits, and our games business was up low single digits. Partner brands were down.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, the transition and the market, exactly. And the fact is we wanted to ensure that we had completed our goal, our task, and our plan of eliminating retail inventory, and we also reduced our inventory. And the great part that we're hearing is as teams are leaving Nuremberg and working on the year's plan for 2019, the conversation is really shifted to be about the plan forward, growing our business, and going after the innovations and the entertainment-led brands that we have for the year.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so our inventories are up nominally about $10 million year-on-year, and remember that going into the year, not only do we have new initiatives coming in the first quarter and a number of them new product, whether it's entertainment led like Captain Marvel, our other new brand initiatives like Transformers that goes into its home entertainment window. It performed incredibly well at fourth quarter. It was up in the quarter both in the US and internationally, so up overall. And then we head into the second quarter with a number of entertainment initiatives there as well. The Avengers is back in theaters. We have Spiderman that hits theaters. Both in the second quarter, and as I said brands like Play Doh, although not up for the year, had great momentum. And we're really seeing where new initiatives around that brand are taking hold, and we're seeing a good performance there. So I think that we're positioning ourself for a good year, and I know, Deb, you want to...
Brian Goldner: We’re down in our owned inventory substantially in Europe as well as retail inventory, and down in retail inventory in the United States. So I think we're really well-positioned in very high quality inventory.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think we really, as a team, as you can hear, are very thoughtful about the way we plan out our businesses, and we recognize that we can grow our overall business and stabilize Europe in 2019. We want to ensure that the changes that we're making are taking hold. We've organized our business very differently right now, and going forward Amazon is our number one customer in Europe. Toys-R-Us no longer really operates as a top customer in Europe. We have it in a couple of territories under new ownership. We have Smith's, which is a fantastic toy specialist, which was in the UK, but now bought the German, Austrian, and Switzerland business. And so they've grown to become a top customer for us. So it's just all the shifting dynamics that we want the team to be able to accomplish a number of objectives, and for us we want to make sure we're very clear that stabilizing Europe this year and growing it beyond in an environment where we grow our business overall would be a great accomplishment.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, Magic Arena is performing very strongly for us and exceeding the measures for engagement and stickiness. You know, it's early days. We're still in the open beta. We haven't officially launched, and yet in the fourth quarter we had nearly 350 million games of Magic played in Arena. On average, a Magic player is playing for about 8 hours per week. The e-sports viewership during the quarter was doubled on Twitch. It's now a top 10 viewed game. And so we are also seeing as we look at measures of engagement and monetization, they are beating our early estimates. The other great part about what the team is doing, and they are doing a fantastic job, currently Arena is available on PC, but given they're using something called the Unity engine it gives us a flexibility to move to other formats over time. So again, we're in early days. We haven't even launched yet. We'll launch later this year. But all the indications are quite strong for Arena.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so we do want to talk extensively about our plan go forward next week at our analyst event for 2019 and we'll do that, but I'll tell you at a high level we expect margin expansion this year, an improvement in profitability across the company, and an improvement of profitability in Europe despite my comments about stabilizing the business in terms of revenues. And, Deb, I don't know if you wan to comment on anything else now.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So Nerf by far remains the leader in the category, and you're right. The liquidation had a major impact on Nerf in the near term. We had mentioned before that 2 million Nerf units went into the market during the Toys-R-Us liquidation. Due to its performance and innovation, Nerf also received also received larger shelf space at Toys-R-Us, and we saw and in the third quarter we talked about the fact that we'd seen the impact from liquidation. Us and industry third-party data had indicated that much of that would have been gifted, and in fact we've seen a continued impact from that liquidation. Well, we know the blaster category is very competitive, and we are aggressively driving our position in the market. And we believe that when you buy a Nerf, you don't just buy our innovation but best performance, quality, safety. And so as we go into the year we're entering a new innovation cycle with propriety consumer insights in R&D. We do start with the gamer series this spring in Nerf Overwatch and Nerf Fortnite, which launch in March. And then we have all new innovation across price points with protectable innovations. And we're going to show some but not all of it at Toy Fair, because again we feel that a lot of competitors are using our insights and innovations to create their products. And so we'll talk more about that. We've got a great lineup and very exciting things to say and to show in the showroom. But we feel very strongly that we can return Nerf to growth in '19 and beyond.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think, you know, Star Wars did have a difficult year as you compared to Solo to Last Jedi film from 2017. We're very excited about what LucasFilm and Disney have put together for the year. The franchise is going to be well supported with new entertainment and also experiences this year for the first time. We're going to be delivering innovation in marketing programs directly to kids. We have Galaxy of Adventures, which we'll support, which is a kid-focused initiative with short form content on their Star Wars YouTube channel. There's also new entertainment experiences because The Mandalorian is an all-new TV series. It's executive produced by John Favreau that comes on Disney+. We're also seeing the opening of a major new theme park land with Galaxy's Edge, which is both in Anaheim and in Orlando. And then we get to the end of the year with the movie, Star Wars Episode IX which debuts in theaters in December. And that impact from the film and all of our efforts will reach across both 2019 and 2020. So we're really excited about a full year effort. Lots of really good product, very innovative product throughout the year corresponding to the entertainment. And then Princess…
Brian Goldner: Well, look, it's we're for the first time in a couple years back to the entertainment cycle we had seen in 2017, so coming out of all that we've experienced on Star Wars -- Remember that both Star Wars and Princes and Frozen were also very well represented at Toys-R-Us globally, and we know that had a significant impact. So in addition to being up against some of the major entertainment from 2017, there's that impact as well. So, you know, what I'd say is that we absolutely believe that Star Wars will have an impact in '19 and '20, but I won't quite yet express what percent of that business would come in which year.
Brian Goldner: Oh! That's okay. You know, so Disney Princess, there was a lot of filmed and television entertainment in 2017, which we were up against, and so the brand did have tough comps. As well as I just mentioned, it was well-supported at Toys-R-Us, so that combination certainly impacted the brand. We're very excited about a number of initiatives that are coming for Princess this year. We have a movie that comes, Aladdin, in May of this year, which is a live action film that we will support. We also have a Disney Princess capsule programs around, some new product that's very exciting to see princesses in a different light. If you saw the Wreck-It Ralph movie, there was a great scene in there of the princesses having a slumber party, and we're playing off of that with our partners at Disney. And then we get to the year end in November, and extremely excited about a full array of product for Frozen 2. And, of course, being a November film, it will stretch and impact from 2019 through 2020, and I'm sure beyond.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so on the first point, you've heard others talk about brands that were ongoingly successful or big brands that had been in the market for a number of years, like our brands like Nerf and My Little Pony and our games business, where they were being incredibly well-supported by Toys-R-Us. There was a bigger or outsized impact to those brands than brands that might be rebuilding over some period of time, and you also see where we had brand new innovations that weren't involved with the liquidation, whether that be for Monopoly or Magic: The Gathering or Dungeons & Dragons or even Transformers in the fourth quarter. Those brands performed quite well, and so you can see really the differences. You also see the difference when you compare Latin America, where there was no Toys-R-Us, or in Canada, where Toys-R-Us changed hands pretty seamlessly. We saw really good performances. And in Asia, even though we changed ownership of Toys-R-Us and Toys-R-Us is the second largest customer for us there, our business in Asia was good and our business in China was flat. So I think that we have had a level of success with our brands. As you mentioned and I'll reiterate, from 2012 to '17 we've grown our revenues at 5% and net earnings at 13% growth rates and expanded operating margins. So we view this as an event. We also believe, and I'll walk you through it in more detail next week, that we have every reason to believe and all the plans in place to get back into that kind of a performance post the Toys-R-Us event.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, we continue to -- We always look at our footprint, and really it's not just distribution but it's capabilities and channel strategy. So today, as I mentioned, Amazon is our number one customer in Europe, and we've moved to be more oriented toward a digital-first strategy to bring our capabilities we'd built in the US, being a top performer on online platforms, to Europe, and that's been a focus. We've also focused on where and how inventory gets placed into the market. We've also focused on our short-form content, content-to-commerce, and we'll continue to look at our footprint for warehousing.
Brian Goldner: Well, look. I think many people have asked, but, you know, we did experience an unprecedented event, and industry experts have likened it to be the worst event in the industry in the last decade. So we have to re-rate our business off of our performance and where we ended 2018. We ended the year 2018 with the highest revenues in the industry at $4.6 billion with a strong profitability, albeit lower than prior year given all of the issues that we took on and all the changes the team's made. And so we grow from here, and we'll walk you through a progression of how we continue to rebuild our profitability and expand our operating profit margin and perform across a number of dimensions over time. But I think that's a great conversation for next week.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, we'll continue, on production side, we're going to continue to look at new places to put product. Some of that has to do with just expanding our footprint. Some of it has to do with trying to mitigate some of the...that you face in certain geographies around the world. People have asked about tariffs. One place we do experience tariffs is in Brazil, so local production of some products is helpful in mitigating those kinds of impacts. We continue to look at how to make sure we're making product in the right place, recognize we're making a really innovative product line that requires all kinds and different types of manufacturing. So we really believe in our asset-light type model, which gives us great flexibility to get great innovation, pricing, and a great reliable, safe product. So it's the next benchmark at end of 2020 to be 60% out of China. In the US, about a fifth of our products are already made in the US, and about two-thirds we take in the US is coming from China already. For us, again, it's just a progression, and the team there is doing a great job in expanding our footprint and bringing new brands and our current brands to new geographies for manufacturing. In terms of Power Rangers, we're incredibly excited. We have our new series that will launch later this spring called Beast Morphers for Power Rangers. The product line is extensive. It's now been shown around the world at multiple toy fairs, and retailers are very excited. Our consumer products teams are really stepping up behind that excitement. So this is a new original series that's produced by the same team that had produced Power Rangers before, albeit with new energy and a connection between our teams and the original core Saban team that's really just tremendous. And we're incredibly excited. It will launch in North America in Q2, and then launches in the rest of the world throughout the remainder of the year. So it's a rollout. Obviously English-speaking territories before it goes to translated territories, in terms of language, but 2020 plans and beyond are even more robust because we get it for a full year and then we do intend to add a movie to the mix in the next few years. And so, again, we will build this brand. This brand had been far bigger in the past than it was at present, and we feel like there's a lot of opportunity. It reminds me a lot of the early days of some of our Hasbro brands, where we really looked at how big they had been in their history and asked ourselves, how big could we make this in the future? And we believe in the power and the potential of Power Rangers.
Brian Goldner: Sure. We have a great partnership with Nickelodeon, and we have a commitment from them. Great new leadership at Nickelodeon with Brian Robins and the team, and Bob Bakish has been incredibly supportive of our efforts there and also our efforts with Paramount, parenthetically, where we would produce the movie alongside of our relationship on Transformers and other films. So they have a great team there, and we feel very strongly about our opportunity to work with them and to build this brand together.
Brian Goldner: No, that includes Toys-R-Us, but inventories are down across the board. And remember, the way the order pattern worked that what we could see is that while retailers were out for share recapture, they also were out for managing yearend inventories. So we were careful in working with them. We did not end the year with our own inventories up more than the $10 million, but retail inventories in the US were down 24% and in Europe were down 27%. And some portion of that is Toys-R-Us, and then there's a substantial portion of that that's also other retail. But remember also, remember also that we're opening new doors of retail. We've opened tens of thousands of new doors of retail, everything from food, drug, club, I'll leave something out, sporting goods. And so we have a great channel strategy and product development that's marrying up to bring the right products to the right channels and the right price points with the right retail margins and margins for Hasbro.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, I think the way we view it is, it was definitely a change in the business related to the fact that Toys-R-Us was no longer going to exist with inventories in stock in December, and so as a result one can gain market share without necessarily being fully in stock at the end of the year. And we will always work on our inventories, and just in time our new warehouse in the Midwest is all about ensuring that we get better at just-in-time inventory. We're using even flexible space in that warehouse where we'll able to within a day or two move inventory from our inventory to other retailers' inventory. And so we'll continue to hone this, but I don't believe that there's a step change in inventory. I believe it's just going to be a perpetual drumbeat to improve inventory, inventory management, just-in-time inventory, around our initiatives go forward, and the team is absolutely prepared for that.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, look, it really -- this comes back to incredible kudos I give to our product development team and our marketing teams, because it all begins with great product development that's made in the right manner for the right type of retail. So we've been able to recognize the increased demand for exclusivities among retailers to give them a position on our brands that allows them to market our brands and to feel that they can make a fair return on our brands. So if we're going to a gaming type company, we want to give them the right array of product that's focused on that gaming fan and collector and the fan economy. If it's a sporting good store, it would probably more focused on our Nerf business and giving them products that are right for their audience. And so it's really those handshakes and those partnerships that are really important, and then we also have to get to value and discount stores and make sure we're making a product that can be sold to achieve a lower absolute price point and still retain margin for us and for the retailer. You know, I think that we've made a major pivot here over time where we really want to ensure that kids at every socioeconomic level have an opportunity to play with and participate in our brands, and we work all the time with our teams make sure that we can provide a great product for them. So that's been a process that's ongoing, but also you really see it take hold when you add so many doors, so many thousands of doors, at retail in the US and now applying that same channel strategy to Europe. We're seeing thousands of new doors opening in Europe.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think the first dynamic that you really have seen, and it's a long of arc of change that's gone on in the industry. There was a time not that many years ago, because change is happening so quickly, where the most important thing you could do is develop the game, and then you'd put it out on the market. And I'll call it the kind of fire-and-forget approach to the game, where the first day you put it on the market might be its most important day. And today, of course, we all know that's evolved to be one of the important days but not the most important. The most important days come as you look at D7, 14, 21, 28 retention. So we go off and we work on in small markets around the world, looking at the monetization model, which means proportionally as you look at the composition of your teams, you need more people who are in data analytics and monetization. You still need great artists and creators, but you have to find the right balance between the two. So that's been the big arc of change, and so as that change has occurred where we're now looking at games that last years -- You know, DragonVale is a key game of Backflip, and it's now enjoying its eighth year of success. Or our Transformers: Earth War has been out several years, and it's been reinvented over several different periods. So we do have some games that really track. We're adding some new games, but we also want the team to focus on getting it right creatively from an immersive standpoint but also games that are really able to monetize over time. And that takes more time and more dedicated focus. For that reason, the long-term plan changes, and therefore you have the associated impact to goodwill. I don't know if you want to comment.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, look, the way we plan out our brands are based on proprietary consumer insights, and we spend so much time understanding our audience. And our goal is to understand the audience better than anyone for all of our brands. In addition -- So that really focuses on our franchise brands and other brands, and there may be collectible aspects to those brands because the audience or the consumer tells us that, that they want to participate in those ways. And then on the other side, we've had our quick strike initiatives, which have been successful, and we saw the impact of those in the fourth quarter, like Lost Kitties and Yellies, where we saw a social media trend and using social media scraping and listening we found a fun new trend that was unique and original. And we put it in the market to good success, and so we're going to follow the audience and the consumer. We don't have a overarching mandate at the company to come up with just collectibles for collectibles' sake. There are a lot of companies out there that have done a really good job in this space, and we applaud the innovation and the efforts around companies where their businesses have been built with a single brand. And we don't really create product based on a business objective only. We're really looking at the consumer and the audience, first and foremost.
Brian Goldner: It's really exciting. What we're doing there is moving Hasbro Toy Shop to be Hasbro Pulse. The effort there is a combination of a lot of efforts we've had across the company where we are engaging with our fans, and we've seen the fan economy grow. We've spoken to you over years about the importance of the fan economy. We have used see-now, buy-now strategies for different shows around the world. We obviously are a big participant in ComicCon. We have brands that track incredibly well with that fan base. Our Transformers business has a huge fan-orientation. We put content out for the older adult in that brand and for the fan. And so this is bringing together several of our capabilities to build a direct consumer offering that has both content and commerce, but it is organized and focused on our fans across a multitude of brands, from partner brands to our own brands. And we're very excited. It's early days. I don't know, Deb, if you want to comment further on investments, but obviously you'll hear more about it. John will probably walk you through some elements of this next week at Toy Fair.
Brian Goldner: So, Steph, you know us. You know we want to make sure we get things right before we run at pace. The team's been working feverishly for the last 18 months or so. If you recall, we talked about changes to the organization that we were making, and we took a charge, in fact, to modernize our organization prior to the announcement of the liquidation of Toys-R-Us. So we were already on the case, and yet it does take a period of time, and yet it's not forever. So I feel that what's important to reassure people of is that in an environment where we stabilize Europe, we can grow our company, and therefore with all of the other factors, including announcements we're hearing this week from the Bank of England and others about re-rating growth rates in countries and across territories, that our company is strong, our balance sheet is strong, our strategies are sound, and our brands are powerful. So it's just a matter of making sure people feel comfortable and confident that we're not relying on something to occur. Rather we are going to plan appropriately, conservatively, for that in the context of all the initiatives that we have.
Brian Goldner: Now, so first and foremost, I think there -- I'll walk you through our new view toward broadly what we'll call kind of medium term guidance next week. Because there are some puts and takes, and a good example is that we don't believe we can rely on the kind of double digit growth we've achieved in the emerging markets over the past five years, 2012 through 2017, going forward. And yet in our plan we believe we can achieve the low-to-mid singles digit growth that we have achieved. In fact, the 5% growth rate is what we had achieved historically, and we're going to say low-to-mid single digits growth in developed economies. The faster growth will come from gaming, which is an area that we have been focusing on and investing, but again that's a newer investment for us and we want to get to see the returns. You are right that, let's just look at the US, US without Toys-R-Us, where we had the greatest impact, where Toys-R-Us represented globally two-thirds of the Toys-R-Us business was in the US, without Toys-R-Us, in the US every category of our business was up for the year in POS. But I also want to recognize that you have the tempering effect of emerging markets, offset by the very exciting early days of our launch of Arena and the acceleration of Magic and Dungeons & Dragons. So a longer conversation, but suffice it say we feel good about our track record, what we've achieved, and next week we're going to reaffirm the next phase of growth for Hasbro.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, sure. On Transformers, in the fourth quarter was up both in the US and internationally, so up overall. We really successfully reengaged fans and families with Bumblebee. It's done over $450 million globally. The early indications as we enter the New Year are for a strong ESP and home entertainment window, and we believe that the enterprise for Bumblebee, including the film, is profitable for Hasbro go forward. Obviously we're in the early days. Haven't hit the home entertainment window yet. We haven't even opened in Japan yet, and the movie is still in theaters. In addition to the feature film, which is an important element and we are working on new films ideas with Paramount in partnership with Jim Giannopoulos and that team, and they're fantastic, we also have television on Cartoon Network, Netflix offering, and preschool offering. So across the board, it's a brand that really embodies our brand blueprint strategy, and we continue to believe very strongly in the power of the franchise.
Brian Goldner: It's pretty consistent with what we were planning before. What we didn't know but know now is that we've been through several of the major toy fairs and have shown the product line to several of the industry experts, and they're all giving us very enthusiastic response to the brand. We've really made, see change, improvement to the product line, to the innovation, to price points. Looking forward to showing you the Mega Mighties line and what that does for brands like Marvel but also in areas like Power Rangers. It's an exciting time, and we're looking forward to kicking that off.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, yeah. I don't want to comment on franchise brands only because it's early, early days, and I wouldn't give you guidance by a product category at this point. Remember that our franchise brands in 2018 were brands that were strongly supported by Toys-R-Us. The impact is clear. We've described how that happens. But underlying that, we did have, in the fourth quarter, three of those franchise brands grow with Magic and Monopoly and Transformers. And, again, I feel like we have real opportunity as we go forward. We saw real momentum even though the brand didn't absolutely grow in the fourth quarter with Play Doh. So look, I feel that we're on a good track with great innovation and great teams on those brands.
Deborah Thomas: And I think if we had to rate them, Felicia, and we tried to convey that as well in our prepared remarks, but it's - Toys-R-Us really was the most impactful to our business, and you think about the fourth quarter and the holiday season and for the reasons that Brian talked about. It was, you know, the inventory that was in the channel, which us and experts had estimated would have been cleared through by the end of the third quarter. It really hadn't. And, you know, so that really was the most impactful, and after that it was really Europe. And it's the things we've been talking about all year.
Deborah Thomas: Yeah. And just from a geographic standpoint, our owned inventories are down significantly in Europe. They're up a tad in the US, and Brian spoke to a lot of the things that are hitting early in the year. And they're also up in markets where we have new offices, so, you know, for example, we have an office in Japan now. We didn't have that a year ago...
Deborah Thomas: India, as well, which we've been building in the year, but most of the increase is really coming from that.
Deborah Thomas: And we'll talk more about Arena at Toy Fair next week at our investor event next Friday, but when we were really talking about gaming and mobile gaming, it's really the Backflip mobile gaming. We were talking about it. Because of the changes we've seen, we modified our plans, and frankly we think we modified them to be more successful with the way that mobile gaming has moved go forward. It just created an accounting remeasurement, and from an accounting standpoint that created the goodwill impairment. So we believe that all the modifications to the plan are good. The pacing is better based on what we've seen. We're investing to make sure the games are successful when they launch through advertising and user acquisition. It's just those changes created the goodwill impairment from an accounting standpoint.
Deborah Thomas: I have to save something for next week's Toy Fair. But I would agree with Brian's comment, and we will get into more detail on the components next Friday.
Deborah Thomas: And I'd also add, Tim, and we've talked about this throughout the year, we've been very thoughtful. Given the economic situation in some of these countries, we've been very careful with extending credit, and as a matter of fact our cash collections have improved. You see that in our continuously strong cash flow, which was within our targets, based on the fact that we focused on making sure our collections were strong. We're reducing our DSOs. We've been extending credit to the right customers. So we've been very thoughtful about how we go into these new doors, who we extend our credit to, and making sure we can collect it at the end of the day. So you've seen some of that disruption this year, and we'll continue to do that go forward. But we believe based on all the changes we've made, the distribution efficiencies we've put in place, that we're really well positioned to stabilize and grow, in Europe and throughout our other markets.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. By 2020, we expect to achieve gross cost savings of $70 to $80 million, and, you know, we've got a transition period, because while we put the plan in place we'll be executing it throughout this year. So in 2019 net of the add backs that we expect to do to, you know, for the items that we continue to invest in. If you think about we talked a bit about Arena and Wizards of the Coast Earlier, we continue to make investments in our business because that does remain our number one capital priority because we want to make sure we're set up for the long-term. We've always been that way as a company. So we continue to make investments, so the net is 50 to 55 in 2019.
Deborah Thomas: No, you're right. And, you know, some of the changes are you work with development partners on certain things. And you're right. We, you know, took some organizational actions in the fourth quarter to reflect that, and we feel we're well setup with that plan go forward.
Deborah Thomas: So we'll give a bit more specific guidance on some of the factors, and, you know, I remind you we've paid for some of these investments and we'll continue to invest in the business. So for example we had a good discussion earlier about Power Rangers that we are super excited for the long-term, and we think, we continue to say that could be a future franchise brand of ours, performing all the way around the blueprint. But with that comes amortization, so we only have a partial year of revenues from that acquisition, but we have a full year of amortization. So we have some things and some investments that will offset, but we do see our operating profit margin expanding over time. And we'll give some guidance next week of where we see that expanding to, but we remain very focused on that. We're very focused on making sure that when we have revenue growth, we're able to take the leverage of that through to our operating profit, through to our earnings, and then take those positive earnings and return any excess cash after we keep investing for the long-term to our shareholders. That remains our strategy.
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think you can never say never, right? But right now, as we look through to 2019, I would say there's nothing significant that we're thinking of right now. However, there are always severance charges in our business.
