Deb Thomas: Why don’t I take the inventory question and then maybe Brian can talk about operating profit in the US. But from an inventory standpoint, our inventory is up. If you recall at the end of the third quarter last year, we were chasing some product and we had only begun to start introducing the -- or building to introduce Pie Face a little bit later in the year. So about half of the increase in our inventory is in, it sits in our international segments where believe it or not, at the end of the quarter, we had an increase because of FX, just the way the rates landed at the end of the quarter versus throughout the whole period. So the remainder of the inventory, the $100 million of increase really was due to new lines. The additional piece is due to being in a better position for some of the things that are doing very well this year, like Nerf and Play-Doh.  In addition we have Star Wars inventory which was, for Rogue One launch, happened at September 30th which was -- Force Friday was September 4th a year ago. So overall this just contributed to having a bit more inventory in place at the end of the quarter, but at a lower percentage increase than I think what we saw at the end of the second quarter. And as we look to year end, we will be in a good position. We do expect inventory to be up, but not by as much at the end of the year as we have some great new launches coming in the first quarter of 2017, including Disney's live action Beauty and the Beast, which happened early in the quarter. So we do expect to see inventories up, but at a lower rate. 
Deb Thomas: We have about $50 million of FX for the year, year to date through the end of the third quarter, and we said we could have up to about $25 million more for the rest of the year, and really which is not very different from what we said at the end of the second quarter. And really what we're seeing is it's primarily with the UK pound and seeing what happens with the pound over the last few months of the year. 
Deb Thomas: What we really do think of in terms of the full year when we think about our business. We mentioned some of the things that we expected would be impacting us in the fourth quarter. Our results are running better than we had planned. Certainly we planned our business a few years back, so we've got some compensation expense that's in addition, and we continue investing for the future of the business. That impacts the year pretty ratably as we spend for things like our new Backflip game launches and our Magic The Gathering digital next platform, our online platform for Magic as well. So we'll see some things continuing in to the fourth quarter from what we've seen to date. 
Deb Thomas: The intangible is consistent with what we put out at the beginning of the year. And as far as program production amortization, we do expect -- and it's purely because of timing. We haven't delivered as many programs as we had planned to this year. So I think we had been saying it’ll be about 1% of revenue. We now expect it'll be a bit less than that for the full year. However we still expect to spend on a cash spend basis about $60 million full year. 
Deb Thomas: Again we've talked earlier in the year and really haven't changed our thought process around product development or gross margin as far as being able to sustain the levels that we experienced again on a full year. So we do try to stress, we think about the business on a full year basis. Royalties, we did say we expected to be up a bit given the performance of our partner brands, the strong performance over our expectations. So we'll see that line item go up and we continue to just invest in product development to the levels that that we had talked about earlier in the year. As far as advertising, we do have consistent advertising expectations for the full year. So I think it's just a matter of the additional expense that we see kind of over and above what you would normally see in the quarter. And that's what we tried to explain this quarter as well. 
Deb Thomas: It's really about product mix so depending on how you model our franchise and our own brands versus partner brands, that's really all about the mix.
Brian Goldner: On the US business, Steph, we continue to see the team making great progress. They've continued to partner with retailers. We’re seeing a range of brands and growth across our portfolio, growth in gaming and certainly significant growth in girls. In the boys business, year to date continues to perform well obviously in the quarter. Star Wars is down, but year to date, Star Wars is up significantly, so again that's an opportunity as we think about the full year. So the team continues to do a very strong job in marketing and looking at expenses, and working with retailers to ensure they have great inventory that's delivered more just in time and managing a strong P&L. 
Brian Goldner: So you're right, Drew. We are in fact seeing really strong POS trends entering the fourth quarter, particularly in the US. We saw a little bit of softness in POS in the late summer, July, August period. And then in September given the shift in Star Wars as well as the impact from Jurassic, that impacted our US POS. Internationally, we're seeing very strong POS, up double digits, in Europe, up in Latin America, up year to date in Asia-Pacific. And then in the quarter in Asia Pacific, particularly in Australia, recently we've seen some retail issues with a retailer where there was just less inventory taken, and a little bit less of a sell-through and therefore impacted that HAPM number, the Asia-Pacific number because of Australia. So overall we feel very good about the POS trends year to date, and the POS trends going into fourth quarter, with a little bit of a note in the third quarter due to some of those timing shifts and some of the brands that have come down significantly versus year ago.  As we think about Disney Princess, it’s performing incredibly strongly and it's ahead of our original plan for the year. Our global teams in partnership with Disney are doing an excellent job. And in fact, we're seeing great growth from areas like our Royal Shimmer Fashion Dolls. That’s the all 11 princesses, not even including Anna and Elsa. For the holidays, we have a big presence coming for the Royal Dreams Fashion Doll Castle, so we even give girls great places to play with their dolls. Deb mentioned some of the entertainment, but also note that in 2017 in the first quarter, we'll have the broadcast premiere of Frozen. We’ll have a holiday special next year from Frozen. We also have Elena of Avalor, which is off to a very strong start as a television initiative, and then we're also very excited about the launch of Moana. So all of those elements leading to a very strong princess business, and we've made great strides in making great progress there toward our long term objective of growing that business far beyond where it had been in the past.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The POS for our business, as I said Star Wars POS internationally in the quarter was very strong. Princess POS is strong, but it's a new initiative. So we have underlying strong POS from a number of categories. Our games business was up in a significant manner. Several girls’ brands beyond Princess and Frozen were up. In fact the girls business would have been up in the third quarter absent Princess and Frozen. So our boys business because of Nerf -- Nerf business is up significantly. Transformers business in the quarter was up. We're really seeing how the addition of fan-oriented content that started this season on Machinima, combined with our core boys entertainment, combined with our preschool boys entertainment, is really driving that brand, and going to take it to the next level and set it up really well for 2017 when we go into our first year of 3 anticipated movies over the next 3 years. So we've got a lot of strength in our portfolio beyond Disney Princess and Frozen and Star Wars.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So as I said, POS internationally wasn't as impacted by the shift. The shift is really around a lot of the US, the way the US retailers really went after Force Friday a year ago and this year it was September the 30th. So that was our week 36 last year, which was in our third quarter, and this year it's our week 40 which is in our fourth quarter. So as Deb noted, it means that the inventory for that initiative was on our books at the end of the third quarter wasn't yet really out at retail as significantly it was a year ago. So therefore you didn't have that rate of sell-through in POS. And so you saw that reflected in our third quarter POS, particularly in the US business. Internationally, you didn't see quite the same impact. So overall, I would say a couple of things. First, Star Wars year to date sales, revenues are up significantly through the third quarter. So as we look at the full year, we look at international POS, and the POS we're seeing coming into the fourth quarter now that we have inventory, we again reiterate our belief that 2015 levels could equal 2016 levels for the Star Wars brand. 
Brian Goldner: Look, as I said, we're up significantly year to date. I looked at a lot of data coming into this conversation, and I will tell you that the POS we're seeing around the world is incredibly strong region for region. We saw a bit of a decline in this quarter due to the timing shift between the 2 merchandising dates, but as we come into the fourth quarter, whether it's our preschool Star Wars initiative or our product in support of Rogue One, we are seeing great takeaway. We also see the movie as having wonderful play patterns. Obviously you've seen some of the trailers and you could imagine all the character play and vehicle play that will come and role play that will come as a result of the movie. And as we’ve said, we look at the business year on year, versus quarter for quarter, and that's been consistent throughout the year. So we're incredibly excited about this movie, and then obviously as we get into 2017, we’ll have home entertainment window for this movie and then we go into another trilogy movie in 2017. So again we have very strong expectations for Star Wars, and that will happen over time as well. 
Brian Goldner: Well, if you look a year ago, I think we forget quickly that a year ago in the third quarter we talked a lot about chasing inventory and that we're trying to catch up given the September 4th launch. So this year we've done a better job across the company and particularly in our US business to ensure we had inventories of great initiatives that we're selling at a high rate. So our retail inventories are up, but up around the brands that are selling quite well, and so we're in support of those. Our percent in stocks have improved year on year. That’s something that we care about. We want to make our shelf spaces productive as possible in partnership with our retailers, but equally importantly we are seeing significant increases in online sales.  And those online sales are several fold higher than our overall sales, and we're also seeing online sales increases across every one of our categories, and this is US data. Whether it's boys, girls, pre-school or games, we're seeing significant online sales increases. So where we are able to provide our product lines and our brands directly to the consumer via our retail partners online, we are seeing great takeaway and our brands are really resonating. So that also for us is a great bellwether for how consumers are responding to our products and brands. 
Brian Goldner: We're really seeing overall our European business, it comes first down to great leadership across companies and our countries. Our team is leading quite well. This past quarter we were in the UK with our Northern European team and down in Spain with Southern European team and Russian teams getting to meet a lot of our management teams. They are doing a fantastic job in executing our brand blueprint to a greater extent. We're going to market as one voice, meaning consumer products licensing hand in hand with our toys and games business. We're doing a better job in placing our content around the continent and getting our content played with major broadcasters. We have around the world, so this includes Europe as well as other global players, more than 50 SVOD platforms that are now playing our content. So again, I think that we are just executing the brand blueprint. I said in 2015 I thought it was the first year you could really see the brand blueprint come to life and the European team, along with teams around the world, are really executing the blueprint for the second year in a highly evident way. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. So if you divide up Disney Princess into two pieces, the princess business is up like for like year on year. If you look at the mix, it's a bit more mixed toward lower priced product and that has to do with the fact that there are some lower price SKUs from prior product inventory that are still selling through in the third quarter. So overall, we're seeing growth in our business and we're seeing like for like stronger takeaway for our products, but we're also seeing a stronger takeaway into the third quarter for lower priced products that will be eliminated over the next quarter or two. We're seeing great takeaway in the fashion dolls offering all 11 fashion dolls. We're seeing great early takeaway from Elena of Avalor, so again overall Princess and Frozen performing well. And Frozen, what's great is that the brand is performing for us at quite a strong level and Frozen has even more of an international footprint than the Princess business on a percentage basis. So more countries around the world are really focusing in on Frozen with great results globally, and you see that indicated in some of our POS data. Frozen is tending to be slightly more internationally oriented on percentage terms. Obviously we're benefiting from a great campaign that's begun this fall called Dream Big Princess in partnership with the Disney Company. And of course we're very much looking forward to all of the new entertainment coming next year. The broadcast debut of Frozen, the Frozen Holiday Special, first quarter seeing a Beauty and the Beast live action movie, Elena of Avalor on television and of course Moana coming in the next few weeks. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. So if you look at boys business in the quarter, the biggest decline both for boys and for our company in the quarter was Jurassic. That’s the impact that it had. In the quarter, Marvel is up a bit in the boy’s business. Our action figure business is performing at quite a high level. We had -- it was a strong contributor to the quarter. We had a great partnership on a superhero spectacular retail program with Disney and with Marvel. Our Marvel Legends business is performing quite well. Spider-Man is also performing quite strongly, which is a great lead into next year's movie. And so that's what we're seeing. We also have got a lot of fan-oriented product. It's one of the brands that’s responding the most to our fan orientation and fanning the flames of our fans and providing product to them that they really like and offering that online, and you'll see some products for fans around Doctor Strange.  As you go forward, Nerf is growing dramatically for both quarter as well as year to date. Star Wars as I said year to date is up significantly, down in the quarter. Transformers is up. As I noted, Transformers is up pretty substantially in the quarter, and it has to do with the fact that we continue to improve the blueprint and add element to the blueprint this quarter with the Machinima content running the Combiner Wars, and that product performing at quite a strong level. So Transformers business is doing well. We also add to that, the Backflip Studios Transformers Earth Wars, which is all around Combiner Wars. So again, executing that blueprint. We even had fan created product in the quarter, which is a combiner called Victorion created by fans. We’re allowing fan to curate along with the content that we're streaming. So 3 types of content, and it's a strong lead in to our 2017 plans for Transformers.  In addition, I forgot to mention, but in Marvel, we have very strong plans leading to next year in 2017 obviously with Guardians of the Galaxy, with the Spider-Man movie, and a Thor movie. So we're in a good position on the Marvel boys business overall. And then of course a new initiative that's working to particularly well in early days internationally is Yo-Kai Watch. We've just started the launch in international markets, and we're seeing some great takeaway there. So overall that’s kind of our boys’ line up. And as I said, on Star Wars to repeat, we do expect that Star Wars could equal Star Wars levels of 2015 across the company.
Brian Goldner: I think we're really entering a new era, and it's really an objective that we have across the company as we expand our blueprint and go to the next iteration of our blueprint for our company. You're going to see in 2017 2 Hasbro films, so certainly Transformers. You’re also going to see a My Little Pony animated feature in the fall. The opportunity in Transformers is to take the storytelling into movies for multiple years, and you'll see that in ‘17, ‘18, and ‘19, with different kinds of stories being told. So not every movie will be the same, but every movie continues to add to the character and story of the property. When we first started, our objective was always to build the brand enterprise value through the blueprint.  And so this is the next logical step. I took a step back as we came into the third quarter call just to give a perspective on our franchise brands and brands like Transformers. So I looked at franchise brands as we were sitting here at the end of the third quarter in 2013, and take it today, year to date versus year to date ‘13 versus ‘16, our franchise brands are up 33%. And that's the view we take to our business, is that longer view of building brands over time, adding elements to our blueprint, adding capabilities, and taking our brands over time to the next level. So that's indicative of the way that we think about franchise brands. So Transformers steps up. My Little Pony steps up for next year and then in the next couple of years, you'll also see the Littlest Pet Shop stepping up to more content in a number of ways. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. So overall in 2017, we are incredibly excited about the lineup. I think over time what we've seen is that entertainment is stretching the retail calendar, both online and at brick and mortar globally. With more entertainment initiatives occurring, but spreading the calendar to be now from the first quarter through the fourth quarter, versus the older thinking of just looking at summer movies. And that’s quite good for our business and good for the way we think about executing our blueprint. In the first quarter, we have new initiatives coming from Disney and Beauty and the Beast live action. There’s a Wolverine movie coming that helps to continue to support the X-Men business.  And then Guardians of the Galaxy, a Transformers movie both coming in the summer, but spaced. A Spider-Man movie coming, which is very exciting. That's a great brand for us and we're looking forward to really executing that across multiple platforms. My Little Pony comes in fall in October and then you have Thor of course, then you have Episode Eight, sorry, Star Wars Episode Eight in December. So a great spread of entertainment and then combine that with our television efforts across multiple platforms and then the Walt Disney Company with its television efforts across Spider-Man, Avengers and Guardians. We have a very robust lineup for 2017 that we're very excited about both from Hasbro having two animated films and multiple TV series as well as our partners. And I think we are well positioned coming into 2017.
Brian Goldner: If you look at the emerging market business overall, it grew 16% in the quarter. We saw a very strong growth in Russia. We saw strong growth in Brazil. Although the market was a little more flattish in Brazil, and we saw strong growth in China. The impact in Asia- Pacific POS as I noted was really an Australian issue with a retailer that we're working through, but our market share in Australia has also grown despite that short-term issue. In China, we're seeing very strong double digit growth. The teams are really executing around the blueprint. If you go to stores in China, what you see is our brands coming to life between consumer products as well as our toys and games, our entertainment on the air there, as well obviously our movies are incredibly important. And Transformers, as you know, is one of the most well-known brands in China and beloved. And it's an area for us of a significant opportunity for long-term growth between that and several of our other brands that we've launched across franchise and partner brands.  In Brazil, we've seen great growth. In fact, in Brazil we enjoy the position of number one doll line right now with Baby Alive. It's a category where the baby doll business particularly is particularly strong. We've seen overall global growth for Baby Alive, but Brazil is particularly a baby doll market. And if you think about turns of inventory, clearly underlying turns of inventory in our business is growing. When you add new initiatives, you need to provide inventory to satisfy the demand for those new initiatives and not cannibalize those to the rest of your business, because these are additive opportunities, and we're seeing great acceleration in POS for those new initiatives, be it Disney Princess or Frozen, and then the next several weeks, we'll see Trolls movie hit theaters around the world, and of course we’re lining up for the Trolls business across a multitude of categories and segments, and very excited about that.  Yo-Kai Watch as I noted was some additional inventory. That is already paying dividends in that -- the takeaway particularly in some international markets where we have great TV placement is doing quite well. So our turns of inventory and our management of inventory continues to improve. We continue to get leverage in our business over time, and make improvements in operating margins over time as a company, and that's our objective over time, is to grow operating profit faster than revenues, and we've done that in the quarter, and we intend to continue to do that. 
Brian Goldner: Furby is in the early days, but early days are good. It’s a very sophisticated product in that it provides content through Bluetooth. It's a closed environment, so we've taken care of all the security and safety measures that are noted. It's not a 2 way device. It’s a one way device that brings out new content to the fan and to the user. And early days are quite good. Takeaway is good and both retail and online sales are strong. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, if you look in the quarter, royalties are running 8% up against 7.7% last year. All Deb had noted was that we could be 8.1 or a bit for the full year up against a year ago number of 8.5. So again, I think we're in that range. We’re ranging it for you, and again, it does have to do a lot with product mix and certainly we've seen growth of our business in other areas, but trying to give you a broad sense of what we think.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So again, we're not suggesting that partners’ brands are going to continue to grow over time beyond the range that they're in. I think they're up a bit versus what we'd said earlier. We thought they might come in around 25% over time. And over time I would believe around 25%, 27% is about right. They’re a bit heavier in this year given the number of new initiatives we're launching for the first time, particularly Princess and Frozen. And obviously that has an impact in the early days on operating margin given that we are building our economy of scale and expertise and investment in that area and that we do believe over time the operating margin for Princess approaches the run rate operating margin for our partner brands. We’ve made great progress there. We’re ahead of where we thought we'd be this time in the year, but we still have a long way to go toward the opportunity to grow that business over time. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. In fact I think we mentioned that several of our Challenger brands were up in the quarter. Baby Alive was up. Easy-Bake was up in the quarter. FurReal Friends was up in the quarter and those brands were all up as well year to date. So our teams who are working on our Challenger brands are doing quite a good job in identifying and creating lighthouse identities. As we normally would say, we don't really comment on M&A overall. We continue to look at our brand portfolio. We own about 1,500 brand names and we look at brands that have the greatest global potential enterprise value. And over time, we may identify brands as we have that are licensed out to other parties. For example Tonka is licensed out to another party and we receive royalty income, but we're not receiving revenues. So over time, the team may look at different strategic optionality for some of those brands. 
Brian Goldner: It's incredibly early days, but we have been in the Beyblade business before and so I wouldn't want to comment. Not because there's any qualification that I need to provide there. Just again, very early days and that's a brand that as you know has great potential for us, but it will really impact 2017 and beyond. 
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning, and thank you. Thanks for all the POS color. I think some people were curious why it wasn’t in the deck, but if you wanted to commented on that, but that's not really a question I have. If you could comment on your POS ex Star Wars and Princess, that would be helpful.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Helpful, thank you. And then can you just -- you had this shift in Force Friday, and I think it's just, it causes a little bit of modeling confusion. I was just wondering if you could help us understand like for like POS for the Force Friday weeks.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, and the reason why I ask is mainly that there’s some expectations in the media community for Star Wars box office to be down year over year in a double digit. So despite that, you’re still confident in Star Wars being flat year over year.
