Deb Thomas: Sure. Good morning, Steph. As far as inventory goes, we spend as we said in our prepared remarks a good part of the end of the year cleaning up the inventory that was REIT at retail and making sure that our retailers had sufficient allowances to go ahead and clean that inventory out as we come into the early part of the year. That being said, we do have some pockets of heavy inventory out there at retail that we expect will get cleaned up in the early part of the year. With respect to our inventory, our inventory is in growing brands that's really where the increases that and we had a pretty significant impact of FX just because of the translation rates. When you back that out, the majority of the increase is in new markets that we entered into this share, such as India and into South Africa. So, our new markets inventory is growing for that as far as our inventory it's only growing brands and it's in great shape, and we do think the early part of the year will be cleaning up some pockets of high levels of inventory but beyond that we're not worried about the impact of it on the full year in any means.
Deb Thomas: I think, beginning in 2018, we do see all the benefits that we got that let us from our previous guidance to that rate as being sustainable. And that's what I wanted to convey we've done some significant tax planning and done a lot of work to make sure many of these attributes that contributed to a tax benefit before U.S. tax reform were sustainable. So, I'd like to make sure people take that away because the things that we did are sustainable go-forward. That being said, we do think that U.S. tax reform in addition to giving us greater access to our international cash, is going to help provide further benefit to our tax rate. We actually think our tax rate go forward in 2018, will be between 15% to 17% and we'll talk more about this at Toy Fair but we do believe we have a sustainable lower rate go-forward.
Deb Thomas: I think, as we evaluate tax reform and we're the clarification for the laws come out, we'll see the amount that ultimately will bring back and we're constantly looking at what are our requirements for cash combined with and we talked about this a bit earlier that we're actually earning interest income on the smart investments we're making with our cash. So, we will look at cash requirements and continue to do first and foremost what we say we always do, invest for the long-term growth of our business for our shareholders and then absent that we will return cash to our shareholders. Excess cash to our shareholders.
Deb Thomas: So, with respect to the tax rate, it's I would say it's -- they will still be discreet items as there are like settlements of audits and things like that. I'm happy to say whatever stock comps benefit there is under the new tax flow will be baked in to our rates. However, with that I would have to caveat there still probably going to be more clarification to the tax law out there. I think somethings were not perhaps as clear as they could be and as the law maker's work on clarifying that. That could have an impact on the rate. So, we will quantify that and talk about that as we see it happening along with everyone else.
Deb Thomas: Sure. And with respect to gross margin. So, we were down a 100 basis points. And we said at the beginning of the year, we expected our gross margin to be down because we had lower gains on hedges coming in. so, that was a piece of it, that was about a quarter of the impact. We also had because of underperformance on some other brands that we've talked about, add some trolling impact to that as well. As we look forward, we're very positive on gross margin. We see no reason why we will get back to the levels that we had a year ago. And we'll talk more about the puts and takes on that at Toy Fair. But those were some of the bigger impacts on the full year.
Deb Thomas: No. Actually, we talked about partnering with our retailers to make sure some of the inventory that maybe with a little bit slow moving in November and December really was moving. And it was probably more of that than anything else. We really wanted to make sure we headed into 2018 with the best momentum behind our product as possible. So, that's really kind of what you were seeing in the fourth quarter.
Deb Thomas: No. We did have a positive contribution from product mix in the quarter, that between that and if you actually look at the performance of our business overall and this is one of the things that we've talked about with respect to those long term investments and how we see the ability for operating profit to expand. We really had a good contribution from our entertainment and licensing business. So, that is a very high margin business. So, when you see the pieces all mixed together, it really comes down to that mix and that's one of the reasons again why we've invested in that business because overall we see that as a great opportunity not just to extend gross margin but our overall operating profit margin as a company.
Deb Thomas: And with respect to payments from Paramount, we may have gotten some in the normal course of business but nothing material to call out.
Deb Thomas: Well, in the fourth quarter we did make sure that our retailers had sufficient allowances to take any mark down they thought they needed to take declare inventory in the quarter and as far as we look at it we are adequately provided a year end for what we think the impact is going to be go-forward. So, we don't anticipate having any significant impact in 2018 from excess inventory other than it just maybe a little slow to take inventory in the early part of the year, as we retailers we work with them to clean that up.
Deb Thomas: Absolutely. So, we and we'll put a chart up on this Toy Fair too, just to kind of help you how we're thinking about it. But from '16 to '17 we had a big FX loss. In the fourth quarter of '16 and we had a small gain in '17 and we would expect on a normalized basis to while we can't properly thoroughly predict foreign exchange impact. We would expect that to be more recurring. However, we also had a large gain under re-measurement of the liability. That was about, it was $19.9 million and that specifically related to the new tax rates under the U.S. tax law. So, that would be non-recurring. However, we continue to earn a high rate of interest on our better investing of cash that we have. We also continue to have consistent performance with our share of the Discovery Family channel and it's the same as we've talked about all year, so we saw a repeat in the fourth quarter about that. So those are the types of recurring things and then the nonrecurring would be the large FX which we can't predict and also the tax re-measurement that was in non-up.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And in terms of STAR WARS, what we saw was that Force Friday was very effective in 2016 after not having a film for a decade. Didn’t have the same impact in 2017. I think we were too far out from the sale and we did see that initial fan response and particularly around our Black series product and other fan oriented products. Go-forward, we're partnering with this need to merchandise our films closer to the movie dates and take advantage of the film marketing. So, for example, for Han Solo movie, the toys will be available in April for the May movie. We also saw an outsize impact on STAR WARS in our international markets particularly in Europe. The international revenues as a percentage declined more than overall revenues. I think as we go forward, what we see is STAR WARS has a large brand that contributes to the company with greater visibility to an extraordinary annual entertainment slate. And the way I'd look at it would be if you took the five years leading up to the 2015 movies and then thought about the way we perform last year absent excess inventory. The next five years would be move valuable to us as well as to the Disney Company. So, we see STAR WARS as a major contributor go-forward, albeit at a more normalized level.
Brian Goldner: Yes, thanks. Well, actually what we saw is just differentiated performance between different product categories. Our franchise brands remain incredibly strong through the holidays growing double-digits. In fact, we saw a significant growth in TRANSFORMERS, one of our strongest growth brands in the fourth quarter and for the full year. NERF grew and several of our franchise brands grew. We also saw a great consumer demand and great growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and from MY LITTLE PONY. So, what we're seeing is where we're activating the full brand blueprint, we're seeing that growth in the consumer takeaway where we're really engaged with that consumer on a significant basis. We also saw in our gaming category, we saw growth in we're at not for one or two brands like PIE FACE from a year ago. Our games business overall performed incredibly well. We did see a difference in consumer demand in the partner brands and particularly across the number of different partner brands. We did have some great performance from partner brands like MARVEL and SESAME STREET and several others. But recalled it a year ago TROLLS launched in Q4. So, all of the revenue for 2016 was in Q4 patrols. And we said that TROLLS for example had had a very good year around the same revenue as 2016 but on a full year basis. So, therefore Q4 versus Q4 year-on-year would be down considerably and it was. So, between that, the impact of brands that were dissipating like YOKAI WATCH from a year ago that had a outside impact in the international. And then of course STAR WARS, we do see some differentiated demand between different product categories. So overall, we are seeing very strong consumer take away across several of our product categories and in fact our emerging brands POS was quite strong, gaming was strong, franchise brands were all strong in Q4 and for the full year. The one area that was down in Q4 was partner brands and POS.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We feel very good about full year 2018 prospects. We're very excited about the initiatives that we have lined up for 2018. We come in into the year with great franchise brand growth, a very strong games business and great performance for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and in the fourth quarter and just slightly below a year ago and full year revenues. We have MAGIC: Arena that had a very successful closed beta and we will launch Arena in 2018 and we'll talk more about that at Toy Fair. We have a number of product categories that are working for us. We're going to work through the inventory that remains in Europe, but I feel very strongly that Europe can grow again. Of course, because it has grown over the last several years and I think that they're addressing those issues in real time. In terms of Toys "R" Us, we've always said we had an expanding retail channel network. We go to more doors today than even before and more new channels including value and drug and grocery. And some of our biggest new retailers have really grown in places like Russia. We have very strong success in China, and we'll talk more about the kinds of initiatives that we have going on there. So overall, we feel very good about 2018 but we do have some headwinds early in the year as we right size the Toys "R" Us business and we deal with some pockets of inventory in Europe.
Brian Goldner: It continues to increase at a fairly fast rate. In fact, POS and online is growing at about three times the rate of our brick and mortar business. But many of our quote and quote brick and mortar customers and now omni-channel customers were performing quite strongly like Wal-Mart who's performing quite strongly in an omni-channel environment. So, overall we're seeing a very strong double-digit growth but we're also seeing overall POS growth for our business. I'd say you'll continue to see online grow. We're seeing it in more highly penetrated in Asia, and in Europe, and I think that potents that kind of percentages we should see over the next couple of years. 25% to 30% of our business should certainly be online.
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, I don’t. And really I don’t see it as at all as STAR WARS fatigue. I think the entertainment has been quite good. I think it was about the timing of merchandizing versus when you started to see the sale through. So, or you have a -- we had Force Friday that was quite early in 2015 because there had not been a movie out there for 10 years. Clearly, there was a lot of pent-up demand across the board, a lot of marketing that happened very early on and a lot of both paid and earned media that happened around that brand during the 2015 period. 2016, with Rogue One, the merchandise was much closer to the movie launch. We went back to more of a Force Friday approach with a longer window before the movie launched. The movie marketing kicked in and we began to really see our sell-through accelerate. But remember, the movie was mid-December and by then we were tracking below the kinds of POS numbers we had seen in prior movies. So, what's really heartening is as people are now have enjoyed the movie and more people are enjoying the movie and as we head toward the home entertainment window, and those home entertainment windows are increasingly important in our business again, which is great. We're seeing very strong POS growth year-to-date in 2018. We'll head toward in our approaching the home entertainment window for Last Jedi and then of course we'll move in April to merchandise the Solo movie which of course comes in May. So, again I feel that there's great vitality in STAR WARS and just to put a point on it, we had great results the underlying business and we've seen great takeaway for the underlying business. The size of the business is still very large and we know was the number one toy game property for the full year of last year, internationally or globally. And we continue to believe it will be that kind of business for us with great visibility to entertainment and great sustainability and frankly some better profitability for us as we go forward, as we partner and go forward and therefore we could have a more valuable brand over the next five years and we've had over the period that led up to the 2015 movie, those same five years.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think it's really more about we'd entered in unprecedented era of entertainment. There are so much great entertainment that is out there. So, just think about as one example. You had Force Friday that launched early earlier and then you had a great storm movie. They came in between the launch of the Force Friday merchandise and the STAR WARS movie. So, you just have a lot of entertainment coming, so narrowing those windows so you're really able to take advantage of this specific marketing and these big marketing campaigns around the brands enables you to do quite a strong job in merchandising those films. And you see for the year that MARVEL was up for the year and MARVEL was up quite considerably in the fourth quarter for us. It was a great performer for us. We saw a great growth in Thor contributed; Guardians of the Galaxy contributed; Spider-Man was spectacular for us particularly in the fourth quarter. So, I think what we have to do is look at what this kind of entertainment with people enjoying so much content and entertainment. We put the merchandising closer to when the marketing for those properties really takes hold and we start to see that great sell-through that we've come to expect.
Brian Goldner: And overall, for online sales, I'd say it was in the very high teens on average. But there are regions where it's much higher than that like Asia and several markets in Europe. And we continue to see the acceleration of online. And as I said, 2018, we feel very good about our initiatives about the performance of our brands, the way the brand blueprint in our gaming businesses has grown and our emerging brands. So, we feel good that we can grow in 2018 and beyond as we have grown over the last number of years.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I view it through the lens of the fact that we saw challenges in Europe and we saw challenges particularly in the U.K. that's a major market for properties like STAR WARS. So, I would say that clearly both the paid marketing and earned marketing, the fans in the U.S. really helped to deliver a strong box office here, it also delivered a very strong box office, globally. But in terms of the retail takeaway and sell-in, was lower in particularly outsized impact in places like Europe and in our international market, just represent more of the line share, the decline in percentage terms. And that's what we've seen.
Brian Goldner: So, right. It's a great global property. But by contrast, just to give you an example; TRANSFORMERS international business was incredibly strong; the U.S. business was strong; the brand overall was strong. And so, our proportion of international business for brand like TRANSFORMERS or frankly they successfully had in MY LITTLE PONY this year with our film and our all-screen strategy along with consumer products and gaming. That formula of the brand blueprint is delivering a bigger global footprint for the company, the way we're executing our games business and including MAGIC: THE GATHERING is a bigger global footprint and we're getting a higher proportion of our sales internationally than in the U.S. for those brands versus a brand like STAR WARS it's still at the end of the year in 2017 more domestically oriented.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Since we spoke in October, the one other element to the Toys "R" Us business that was out there but for everyone's benefit, was their CVA which is similar to the bankruptcy they executed in the U.S., the CVA they executed in Europe and in the U.K. business. And so, we are seeing the store closings in the U.K. as well that did. That's what I talked about in my prepared remarks as I talked about retailers pairing stores and personnel and certainly coming down. Our team has built a plan for the right sizing of the Toys "R" Us business. We have continued to grow the number of doors and continued to grow our revenues outside of Toys "R" Us. We continue to be supportive of them but most importantly we continue to manage our risk and inventory as they streamline the amount of inventory they can take. And we are prepared for any eventuality. Obviously, the more time we have the better it is but our teams have responded to challenges before. You've seen how they've responded and maintained operating profit even in a challenging quarter and a challenging finish to the year like 2017. We understand we're working in a dynamic market.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I'll take BEYBLADE first and then Deb will do gross margin. On BEYBLADE, we had a very good year last year. It was kind of comparable in pattern two years prior that first year you're absolutely right through. This business very well. That BEYBLADE is performing quite a high level, obviously different by certain countries. But BEYBLADE is off to a very good start and we would expect it to be a contributor to this year's business. I won't specifically size it for you but suffice it to say you're right it's our second year in most countries around the world.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I know that no minimum guarantee shortfalls. We continue to earn out that contract in a very strong manner. When I talk about that ongoing business, I'm talking about a business, it's quite sizeable. I'm talking about a business which's a major contributor to us and to the industry. And I do think it's a brand over time, over the next five years that could be more valuable having more revenue over a five year period than the five years that would even include the 2015 movie year. It's more about having that visibility and line-of-sight to great entertainment that's coming in the future and the ability to plan and seeing less of that surge and strength that we used to see between film years and non-movie years.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, only comment on that first step. I would expect both of those properties to have more of an impact in the second quarter, far more. Because of again this the way we're windowing and merchandising around those films. And so, I would not count those ship-ins in any considerable way in Q1. Obviously, we're very excited about Black Panther. There obviously it's been ship-ins in the first quarter for Black Panther. We're very excited about the score that it's received, then the global excitement around that brand is palpable. And we're very excited to add that to the already powerful line-up from MARVEL that's coming for 2018. As I said before, I thought the line-up from MARVEL was among the strongest we'd ever seen and therefore really impacts the fact that I think our line-up for the years among the strongest we've ever seen. And I've also although you didn’t ask specifically about this, as we get through the year, I've had a chance to see the Bumblebee movie and where that's coming out. So, as we even go into the end of the year, we got strength-to-strength and Bumblebee is a delightful movie that I'm very excited to share with people as well. And so, throughout the year we have a great line-up in schedule. For NERF, it's really come down to great industry leading innovation insights driving user generated content. It's really the full blueprint execution. It was the number one property in the U.S. we're seeing strength across all the different categories; our Rival business, very strong; Elite was strong, NITRO was a very strong launch internationally and a very good launch in the U.S. But yet, still plenty of running room for a lot of those new initiatives. Our core business on NERF is very strong. And we take nothing for granted in continuing to innovate, you're going to see new categories of innovation as we go forward. We're seeing growth both in developed economies and emerging markets. We continue to build out the footprint of Rival, our basic NERF businesses are very global. And it's among the favorite products and brands around the world in any number of countries around the world. And so, again we're very excited about what we've done there. But it's about industry leading innovation and again it goes back to the focus on our brand blueprint and how our franchise brands have that superior profitability. We continue to still invest and deliver that outsize profitability relative to the company average. And we see NERF is able to grow for many years to come.
Brian Goldner: No. look, if you look at TRANSFORMERS, I think that we go from strength-to-strength. This year, TRANSFORMERS in the fourth quarter was in dollar terms, our biggest growing brand. And overall for the year grew very strong double-digits. It's because we are perpetually engaged with our audience by demographic and psychographic. We have a preschool RESCUE BOTS show, we have our Cyberverse focused on our core kid six-to-nine year-old. We continue to run more adult oriented content on Machinima for that fan. Fan business is growing in a very significant manner. And then of course we have our movies. It was a movie year but our products were about the movie but also about all these other dimensions of TRANSFORMERS. So, this is a brand that's working everywhere globally, it's a brand that's exceedingly strong and getting stronger in China. We'll talk more at Toy Fair about the major global initiatives and in gaming and how this brand comes to life. So, when we talk about our Bumblebee movie, it's really the focal point of an entire blueprint activation that will take place around that time of year. And we will bring to bear all of the different strengths and power inside the blueprint to bring Bumblebee and TRANSFORMERS to life at that time. So, we know that there is an amazing array of entertainment with the beneficiaries of a lot of that that's in the world today and we think our brand like Bumblebee and TRANSFORMERS holds its own.
Brian Goldner: Well look, I think as we -- this has number of levers that exists inside of the marketing elements for the around the blueprint in the company. You have the traditional advertising, you have an increasing array of digital opportunities for digital marketing and advertising including inspiring user generated content. Then we have all kinds of forms of content from all the way as short as gets to short form to stream content or bespoke episodic content. So, it's really we look at all that as marketing and advertising. So, traditional advertising does change and probably does overtime come down a bit but it's being augmented by and rounded and replaced by some of these other categories of marketing where we're able to talk about story and character and branding brand engagement where our audiences and consumers are globally. So, overtime again I think you're seeing the benefit of the investments we made in our own brands including our games business and our emerging brands and that we will continue to get leverage in advertising and marketing and storytelling. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I'm not going to comment by quarter on our revenues. I'd say that I think our prospects for growth in 2018 are very strong as a company for the full year 2018. And by quarter, we're going to work through first quarter, second quarter, particularly in some of the pockets of inventory Deb has talked about in Europe. With Toys "R" Us, says like said we have a plan on how we manage our risk in inventory and support them but also have a growing array of destinations for great product, innovative product, this product that's selling. And we have great levers and ways to engage our audiences and consumers in those brand stories and characters, including our partner's brands. So, not going to really give any specific guidance by quarter, suffice it to say I gave you some sense of where some of the shipment should occur more in the second quarter than the first quarter on some of the entertainment brands.
Brian Goldner: Look, our focus first and foremost has been investing in our business and we think those investments are really coming to the floor; you're seeing it in our results. Obviously, building our brand blueprint capabilities, we added Backflip, our mobile gaming business that continues to perform in a stronger way each and every year. We got Boulder Media, our animation studio allowing us to create incredible content at a much more nominal price point you saw or you will see from us efforts there. We've also selectively acquired brands overtime like Micronauts that we're now activating writing script around and working with our partners at Paramount as part of our inaugural effort on our new five-year deal with them to bring those brands to life and story and to bring those out around the world. So, that's where we're going to really focus and focus our attention first and foremost. In terms of buybacks, Deb will outline for you on what we are thinking. We have historically been buying back about $150 million worth of shares. I imagine that's about where we would be for 2018 and that helps to take in the overhang on our stock from stock compensation. And then we remain open to other ideas about how to deploy our capital for the strongest return to our shareholders. Are very happy to see that our ROIC has continued to increase over the last three years. And absent the impact of the tax reform, our ROIC hit a new high in 2017, up 2% versus 2016. So, that's how I would look at things.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think first thing I would tell you is you are very insightful about the way we think about our business and we'll probably share some things with you at Toy Fair around how we think about our brands and the portfolio brands that we go forward with. I've always said that not every brand would grow every year but we certainly are thinking about our brands and how to reinvent, reignite and re-imagine each brand every year. Every brand has to be regularly re-imagined and that's why you're seeing the success overtime of our franchise brands. In fact, achieving 49% of our revenues this past year up 3% point versus the prior year. And up considerably versus when we started this 10 years ago. We continue to believe that our franchise brands and our gaming business and the way we approach them are strategic differentiators for the company. Will every one of our games grow every year? Now, we've seen PIE FACE go backwards this past year. But yet, overall our games business has grown and our franchise brands had grown and our emerging brands have grown offset by some emerging brands that haven't grown. But I think we run them the broadest portfolio and the strongest portfolio brands with the most compelling strategy in our industry and the greatest teams in any industry. So, that's how I would view it. And so, as we go forward, we'll talk more about the story telling from MY LITTLE PONY and our plans we obviously have great plans in store over the next number of years to continue MY LITTLE PONY's March in growth and to engage consumers across all elements of the blueprint. One of the things I was very heartened about, Deb just mentioned, is that performance in consumer products and the performance globally across other consumer products category, including Apparel and other consumer products and that's quite good for the brand as well.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, in the retail shift in just in time is something that we've been navigating throughout time and we feel that we have the capability to continue to navigate in that way reducing the weeks of supply for online and omni-channel. We've been de-levering on overall basis to address that and also building the skill set to do that which is also within the brand blueprint in the way we go to retail channels. So, we feel good about that. Obviously, we've talked about some of the brands that underperformed in Q4. Those are the brands where there are pockets of inventory. And if we talk about on the corollary area inventory growth which is up a bit, it's all around brands and areas of the world where we're growing. So, our inventories around TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY and other brands of ours that have been growing around games that have been growing and then by region if you just took our inventory ups in effects, the inventory growth is half of the inventory growth is just because we've opened a market in India and in South America, South Africa. So, again our inventories are absolutely placed where we are seeing growth in our business.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the way you should think about it and this is what I was talking about with the expanded window of Force Friday II. We had a merchandise on shelf relatively early in 2017 in the early fall for the movie which was consistent with what had been done in Force Friday 1 of 2015. So, we have an inventory that was in the market, we saw a great initial uptick from the fans around particularly around our fan oriented product through the month of September and then into October and then in November December as that you would see that pivot we just saw the rates of sale and take away below what we had expected. And so, the inventory existed at that time in anticipation of a higher sell-in and sell-through of product for brands like STAR WARS. And so, that's the inventory that we clean up. So, in terms of where we go forward, we'll sell through that inventory. Year-to-date, we're seeing very strong POS as more people now had seen the movie. We're approaching a home entertainment window that includes electronic sell-through, we're seeing how home entertainment windows, electronic sell-through windows are having greater impact on our business than they have in many years because people are enjoying watching content and entertainment at home. And we'll also help to see the story with younger consumers as we've seen historically as they watch it at home versus in the theaters. And it should enable us to partner with Disney to move through the inventory and then to merchandise the Han Solo films and product in the April timeframe for the May movie.
Brian Goldner: We take on digital gaming in a number of ways. So, we do a third party digital gaming arrangements; it's royalty income. So, it's not recognized as revenue as more as royalty income at a very high operating margin and we have very strong relationships there. Many of our brands are performing quite strongly there across a number of dimensions including MONOPOLY on the switch for this past holiday. Then we have Backflip Studios; our own mobile gaming company that's shown significant improvement year-on-year and are contributing brands and brand efforts like TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS which performed quite well as well as their DragonVale brand and a few others in that area. And then, we also have gaming arrangements in China with Tencent; TRANSFORMERS are very successful; PC online game; and then of course we've talked about for MAGIC, building an array of digital games and then the teams really made a lot of progress there. We'll talk more about Arena and MAGIC at the gathering at Toy fair. So, you have a digital component there and then an increasing array of digital play as we see more global digital gamers. So, a very big opportunity for our company. In fact, gaming overall is one of our big strategic differentiators. It's an area of focus for us and it's an area of growth. And I expect that 2018 will continue to demonstrate that progress.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Brazil is about where we thought it would be; it was down. What we really saw on Brazil, I would view is much more of a short term issue. We saw a competitive product being deeply discounted and it put pressure on the market in an environment where you had a political environment that was a bit less stable and consumer confidence that was a bit shaky temporarily. We're already seeing the opportunity in Brazil for 2018. The teams feel good about our market position. We just had Toy Fair as down there and the response to our product line was quite strong. And retailers are better positioned as we go forward and some of that very low price products that was being cleared through the market from others, should dissipate.
Brian Goldner: Look, we still believe that there will be a low-to-mid single-digit growth in our business in developed economies. We'll probably see low single-digit growth in most developed economies around the world. We see stronger growth in many markets in the world like Russia and China and we're participating in that. We would expect double-digit growth absent FX over time in emerging markets. Obviously, this past year we had 5% emerging market growth, absent FX again due to some of the we see are short term issues in places like Brazil. And we feel good that the industry will continue to grow with great innovation and we've grown overtime our market share and also grown in excess of industry growth and we'll continue to want to make that progress. We think that executing the blueprint strategy in our games business, we will talk more about it at Toy Fair; both of those can help lead our growth.
