Brian Goldner: Sure. Well clearly we have seen great growth in both MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Monopoly. And for MONOPOLY, there are a couple of different initiatives that are going on there. We saw the gamer addition that began earlier this year, it’s continued to perform at a very high level, and then we launch the cheaters addition just recently and it’s off to a great start that will roll out nationally in the next couple of weeks. For MAGIC: THE GATHERING storytelling has always been the focus of the brand and in fact in the second quarter Dominaria performed at a very high level. The reception to Dominaria was very strong and we’ve continued to see great uptake in gamers and an increase in new gamers coming on board, which is fantastic. For the rest of the year, you'll see some new launches in Q3 and then again in Q4, we’re returning to some of the favorite territories for our games, fans. We continue to listen to our gamers and hear their feedback, and we’re also seeing in addition, the great increased in interest and the positive feedback for Magic Arena. We’ve now had more than a million people sign up for the closed beta and making great progress there, and we continue to get great feedback and the KPIs were quite good. So both brands are certainly contributing and we’re going to support those brands with additional initiatives for the remainder of the year.
Brian Goldner: Yes so, if you look at the business, obviously MAGIC is very profitable business for us and we haven't communicated the difference, but clearly we’re investing in Arena right now, so you have the software investments and we want to continue to build and launch the brand successfully, but over time, clearly the software is accretive margin to the analog game.
Brian Goldner: Well, we are certainly investing and continue to iterate for Arena. It’s very exciting to see as we are bringing on more capability to the number of people signing up in the closed beta and that our intention is we’ll launch Magic Arena this year, but then we’ll add to that a suite of other games around our MAGIC: THE GATHERING business as well. Dungeons and Dragons, which was also up in the quarter continues to see new gamers come on board at double-digit levels. And I think we are building the capability of the company across a number of different dimensions and face-to-face gaming in our analog games business and role-playing games. And then of course you know in the digital gaming arena, both – both in MAGIC: THE GATHERING, Wizards of the Coast, but also in mobile games. And we said that over time, as we had doubled the size of MAGIC: THE GATHERING over years, we felt that there was an opportunity to continue to grow that brand and overtime to double it again, and it's going to come from the suite of games that Chris and his team are leading, both the analog side with growth as well as these additional new digital games.
Brian Goldner: Sure. While we are making significant and meaningful plans to capitalize on the opportunity with our retailers. Clearly, our major partners that we've been working with for years are stepping up in a number of different ways and that we are very excited about the plans that the team has put together in order for them to execute a share recapture plan recognizing the new U.S. alone. There's a $3.5 billion retail opportunity across the industry. And we have seen good industry growth year-to-date, so we expect that we – our retailers are excited about the opportunity and teams executing. I would say that between our major retailers that will -- are making plans and are stepping up, and the additional online opportunity as well as converge retail omni-channel opportunities and then some new retailers who are in many cases focused on specific audiences, whether that be gamers or fans or in the sporting-goods area, that you could see promotions and linear footage is similar to year ago. Now we’ve said, we expect to make significant progress this year, but we’re not suggesting that we are going to make up all the difference of Toys“R”Us this year. Because of course, we want to partner with all of our retailers to ensure that we not only get this great growth in their business but that that growth is sustainable over time so that we can be successful together as we continue to grow our business in the industry.
Brian Goldner: Let me comment and I know Deb would comment as well. We have a lot of new initiatives coming in the second half of the year. We have a lot of new products. And we talk about our NERF business and NERF Fest we commented on. The lot of new product innovations, seven new blasters supporting 37 different markets across all the segments of NERF, so lot of innovative product coming into the marketplace. Obviously NERF enjoys strong operating margin given that's a franchise brand. We've seen great growth in BABY ALIVE. We've seen growth in our gaming portfolio. We continue to believe our games business will perform at a high level. So the mix certainly is beneficial as we continue to grow in these areas. And then as some of our issues continue to dissipate we work through the retail inventories and we work with our retailers again to build programs, all of that has a benefit and gives us leverage and operating margin.
Brian Goldner: On the industry side the industry was up year to-date about 6% and if you take our business we were up similarly year-to-date. When you take out the impact between Easter to Easter. So, in Europe our sales decline was greater than the industry and it was really driven the couple – there are couple of markets where the industry was down particularly in the UK and in France as was our business and we continue to work through that. I think was heartening if you look at the lineup is our retail inventories are down and our shipments are down far more than our sell-through. So we've been able to get to a better place where we have cleaner retail channels and now new initiatives coming in for the second half of the year. And so I see that the team making great progress partnering with retailers and set up well for a good second half.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The Toys“R”Us, remember the Toys“R”Us liquidated in -- Toys“R”Us liquidated in the UK and then in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, there's a new owner. And then in France, Spain and Poland we have almost no activity but no new owners, so our expectation is that that business goes away. And that what's going on in Europe. So there's the impact across a number of different markets. Then Deb mentioned there are some credit terms that we had to work out in some of the markets and particularly in our emerging-market business we want to ensure that we're working with new retailers that they can only take product but pay us for that product and that's been part of the process as we go through growth in the changing retail landscape where you have the acceleration of online retailing and omni channel retail and you do have certain retailers who are landlocked and unable to compete multi-nationally across Europe and so their at a disadvantage versus online retailers who have access to the entire EU. And so those are the dynamics that we're seeing shift and change and that's how we're partnering with different retailers to ensure that we have a good mix and the right programs through the holiday.
Brian Goldner: Let me comment on the Toys“R”Us, the discussion about pantry. I'd say that remember that when Toys“R”Us was liquidating they didn't have access to any of the new initiatives that were coming for the second half of the year. We also have two big entertainment initiatives that come in a Spider-Man movie as well as our Transformers Bumblebee movie. The home entertainment windows come with new product around Avengers. We have additional product that's comes in the second half for Black Panther. So there's a lot of new product initiatives I noted, the new product initiatives for NERF and BABY ALIVE and really across the board. So that's not all -- that wasn't all at Toys“R”Us and certainly now we're working with our retailers on new product and new initiatives.
Brian Goldner: I really don't think long-term that that business is loss as the result of Toys“R”Us going from the marketplace. The reason in part is that Toys“R”Us for us wasn't a retailer, there been some discussion out there that it was a more profitable retailer, that's not the case. In fact we can work with all of our other retailers and incentivized to do that. We're agnostic about how we grow. I think you're going to see linear footage expand this holiday as it has in past holidays because people are very excited about giving fans and families the opportunity to shop and have that wonderful Christmas holiday experience and give kids and families the opportunity to see product on display and immersive entertainment experiences at retail. Certainly there will be increased online programs and omni channel programs. Our team is working on number of content to commerce initiatives and other ways of connecting. And clearly every retail visit is been informed by at least three quarters of them are being informed by some online shopping as well where people are trying to determine what it is they're interested in. They may have look at a short video or some piece of content or search for the product. So I think what we're really talking about and what we've try to mention a lot is that this idea of converge retail is really taking hold not only in the U.S. but around the world. And so what we're providing and the teams are working on is that digital engagement and the in-store engagement that marries up, that connects consumers to our experiences where consumer insights, innovations and those story led initiatives whether it be some bespoke content or user generated content because our fans are so engaged all contributes to the to the process of selling.
Brian Goldner: It should -- Power Rangers over time and we've said that the team will have the full array of brand blueprint initiatives by 2020. And by 2020 and beyond it should look more like a Franchise Brand.
Brian Goldner: Obviously it's a Franchise Brand in the making because it's new to us and we need a little time to work through 2019 transition year. But yes, in fact one of the points of rationale to acquire the brand is that it is a brand that should operate like a Franchise Brand in operating profit terms which as we know our Franchise Brands enjoy higher than company average operating margin, and also a significant opportunity for growth given where the brand had been most recently.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Thanks. So we do have 30% of our manufacturing today outside of China and we'll head toward 40% over just the next few years. We're manufacturing in a number of territories. For the U.S., we source 25% of U.S. revenues in the United States in manufacturing locally across five different states. We'll add to that, the PLAY-DOH manufacturing that will come this fall we're gearing up for that now. And so that should add that to our revenues garnered from U.S. manufacturing for the U.S. And so again, the U.S. business overall still receives 35% of its products outside of China, but 65% from Chinese manufacturing, and again we are moving more production outside of China. We found some great new partners and territories that provide very high quality product that can meet with our specification. And in terms of the tariffs we've been working with and talking to the administration and our congressional delegations to ensure we're communicating just how terrible an impact the ongoing tariff or trade war would be. Thus far we've only seen nonmaterial changes to the tariff schemes of other countries that don't really impact our business. Our toy business is not been part of the 303 designation that is currently been put in place. But we continue to monitor the situation and we continue to talk and firmly believe in a free trade environment as the best course for our company and for the industry.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So we're really excited about the new series that's just in early development. Obviously, we're working with the team now on the creative, but it was already underway by the time we had made the transaction. And as of the Beast Wars for TV series that we'll launch next spring, we have an arrangement with Nickelodeon through 2021 for the U.S. and then the TV show is distributed more than 150 territories globally. We're then working in earnest that on the next TV series and how you reinvent the brand for 2020 and beyond. We do expect to also have motion pictures over the medium term, so we'll add and have new movie development as well, and we really do feel this brand is very right for creative development, for engaging with our fans, kids and families audience. And I think you're going to see some really exciting product from the team already. Just the 2019 lineup is a very robust. We were developing that as a licensee at first and we've shown that to retailers. They're very excited. And you have to recognize that a lot of the prior product and business was being done with few retailers and certainly not in a global footprint. So both from the depth and breadth of retail as well as the breadth of geographic territories where the product will now exist both gives us an opportunity for growth.
Brian Goldner: Yes. You know again we have a great production team that's come on board. And as part of the acquisition we brought over the team that's been working on the creative. We're so excited that they're on board. We're also excited the Haim is continued as creative consultant. And if you recall the movie that was done in 2017 was done in partnership with a studio, so our expectation is we would do that in partnership with the studio and distributed it similarly recognizing that we'll pick the optimal budget and the optimal creative to ensure that it's a profitable endeavor for both us and our studio partner and that we make those investments prudently around content recognizing. We understand what the return looks like. We did it successfully with the MY LITTLE PONY movie in animation. And this one we of course would share with a studio partner.
Brian Goldner: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Star Wars in revenue terms was up a bit in the quarter and we're seeing POS up in the high single-digits in the U.S. even ex Toys“R”Us and up higher if you include Toys“R”Us. We're also engaging across a number dimensions not only kid oriented product but the fan oriented products performing quite strongly in Black Series. We had a very successful launch of our HasLab product which was the sale barge if you recall where we crowd-funded that and we ended up with nearly twice as many subscribers as we had required in order to move forward with that product. And then of course Episode nine comes December 20, 2019. What I've said all along we still believe which is that with Star Wars having more and more regular entertainment and visibility to that entertainment that the brand would contribute at a more sustained higher-level and that's what we're seeing is that in fact Star Wars will probably look similar to a year ago and the days of surging in a movie year and shrinking in a non-movie year probably behind us instead it just becomes a really strong contributor year for year and quite good for us. In terms of TRANSFORMERS, really given the timing of Bumblebee and the fact that we were able to put this new movie together that came directly out of all the work we had done in the writers room with all of these great creative stewards and it contributed to the thought process of future TRANSFORMERS, we were then able to get Bumblebee out for Christmas this year. And as you know the home entertainment window will then follow by a number of months, so really would end up in 2019 certainly in the first half of 2019. So to put another movie right on top of the home entertainment window for the Bumblebee movie really didn't make sense. And then you combine that with the fact that we have a new partnership with some great new leadership at Paramount in Jim Gianopulos and with Godfrey and the team they are fantastic. And Andrew Gumpert is running that business for them. And we felt that we had an opportunity to bring in new creative to think about the brand both including the current chronology and outside the chronology recognize that Bumblebee is back in the 80s, that's a very important time period for both the brand as well for fans and we wanted to tell some new stories. And so it gives us the opportunity to tell really new stories around the brand and we have more than 30 years worth of cannon and we continue to invest in new comics and new animated series to ensure that we're making those equity investments in new mythology in cannon for the brand. And a lot of opportunity, lots of different direction we can go in for the creative and we're looking at a number of different ways we may go into the future.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So let me comment on Princess and then I'll comment on inventory and certainly, Deb can also give you great detail. The Princess business is down year-on-year obviously we’re up against some very strong comps from year ago where we had great entertainment for Beauty and the Beast and MOANA and other television oriented properties. And again we're innovating in the product line. You're going to see some great new product innovation for the holiday period this year and we'll continue to see the promotion around airings of airings of Frozen and Olaf's Frozen Adventure. And then we go into 2019, we're very excited of course that the next Frozen movie comes next holiday and we'll build the business around that and obviously incredibly excited for that as a key driver of that property. In terms of inventory we've talked about the fact that we got beyond some of the Toys“R”Us liquidation and we have gotten completely beyond the Toys“R”Us with liquidation in the U.S. And now the team is working on bringing in new product for these third and fourth quarters. We've said that we probably hold a little bit more inventory because again we want to have the inventory on hand domestically to deploy closer to the time of sell-through. Also we're working through with our retailers, because as you move from brick-and-mortar retail where you have longer weeks supply to online retailer where you have about half as many weeks supply. When you do on omni-channel it sort of a hybrid of the two, so it sort of in between, and we want to make sure we have product on hand, so that's part of the move that you're seeing here. And if you looked at our DI inventory or the product that's been direct ship versus domestic, you're seeing a bit of a shift in percentage terms moving a little bit more to domestic versus the direct import business. And that's really all you're seeing there. So predominately that inventory is all. In the U.S. there is a bit of growth and inventory internationally as we've opened up the Indian market as well as Japan and so we need to service those markets and a couple other places around the world where we're seeing a great growth, but it's almost all out in the U.S.
Brian Goldner: The MY LITTLE PONY brand has certainly benefited from the movie home entertainment windows and now the movies move from home entertainment into a lot of the streaming services, its performing quite well and we continue to see in markets around the world where the streaming is taking place and the brand continues to hold up quite well and the POS is good. Revenues were down a little bit in the quarter, but again, POS is quite strong as we move to the disruption and the liquidation at Toys“R”Us. Interestingly, as we've now gotten our TV series on the air on CCTV which is Chinese Television, we're seeing some great growth of MY LITTLE PONY in the China market behind that and you should expect to continue to see momentum in our brand as we've just launched the season eight in television and that will roll out around the world. And then again in the future we would expect to do another MY LITTLE PONY animated feature film, because again it contributed quite nicely and it's also a great way to tell story around that brand. We do have a great line up in our girl's portfolio. We continue to partner with the Walt DISNEY Company on Descendants, PRINCESS and FROZEN, and we're very excited about what's to come there. Obviously, we've also launched some fun new properties that appeal to both girls and boys and LOST KITTIES and LOCK STARS which are off to great starts. This is an area where we're using social listening and consumer insights to move quickly into the market. And again over time, FURREAL FRIENDS has been a contributor. So we again feel like we have a good lineup in our girls business. And then remember of course that BABY ALIVE is a new Franchise Brand. It's growing quite substantially. Lots of new innovation coming for the brand and performing at a very high level with a crazy amount of user generated content supporting that brand, in fact the statistics are there's been more than 7 billion views of user generated content for the BABY ALIVE franchise and so are really engaging with our fans online and in a modern story led way for that brand. So we feel good about our portfolio.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The teams working on something on few of those live-action films, I won't comment yet on what those are. But in terms of the PRINCESS and FROZEN business, clearly Beauty and the Beast had a major contribution. Obviously we know how important storytelling is to fans and families across all brands, how it connects with character and story and certainly then enables us to use the insights around the story and innovation to build great product lines. So Beauty and the Beast contributed as did MOANA, as does Tangled then another properties as the Descendents, DISNEY DESCENDANTS on the DISNEY Channel original movie – as an DISNEY Channel original movie also contributed and we'd seen great continued sell-through of that product line that in the Descendents product line. And so no story is clearly important. Obviously in this period we're up against the fact that year ago there were a lot of those entertainment initiatives and so we are very excited about 2019 for Aladdin as well certainly for FROZEN that comes near holiday 2019.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I would have you think about POWER RANGERS overtime in terms of the proportionality of our toy and game business to consumer product licensing to look similar to what we do for TRANSFORMERS or MY LITTLE PONY. So would have a very robust toy and game line from us, and then a very robust consumer products coming from a number of different partners. I would imagine overtime to develop a similar size, number of partners to what we have for TRANSFORMERS or MY LITTLE PONY by 2020 and beyond. And 2019 you're absolutely right there's a transition period, the prior company's product is in market through March and then our product launch is either in March or April depending on where you are in the world. And so we get about nine months in market next year, but recognize there will be some amount of prior product that has to get move-through and sell-through in the early to mid part of 2019. So again, I think the best benchmark for our first full year effort would be 2020 where we're also able to activate entertainment and also work with our licensing partners. Many of the licensing partners that worked with Saban or partners that we work with before on PONY and TRANSFORMERS and so we think that the transition will be relatively seamless and we're also bringing on some key personnel from the POWER RANGER brand to ensure that that's the case.
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you take – if you look at -- take the data that we get recognized that the data that we have in POS and for the business is based on wholesale because that's what we get paid for that product. And then the up-and-down pricing that a retailer may exercise at any given period is really up to them using the discounts and allowances that we provide within the P&L of that property or that brand. So if you take global POS without Toys“R”Us, North America were up both year to-date which remember takes out the – we're up high single-digits that takes out the impact of the fact that Easter came in the first quarter this year versus the second quarter of last year and that's an important distinction. And then even if you look in the calendar within the quarter which means you have both -- you take out both the benefit of the Toys“R”Us, POS as well as the Easter we're still up in North America, but by less.
Brian Goldner: That's our wholesale, the way we can measure it is through what we sold that product for and what we're getting paid for and how much of that products dollar at our price went through the register because that's what we get transmitted from our retailers. The fact that they may have discounted that product we've still gotten paid to whatever that prices. If they've discounted it below that price that's been because they've used some allowance or something else that we provided which is the calculation from our gross sales which we don't report to our net revenues which we do report, so we've already taken out the dollars when we report net revenue, the dollars that we provide to retailers in discounts and allowances, so it's a very fair way to look at the sell-through of our products based on the fact that that's how we get paid.
Brian Goldner: Exactly. So as I said take out Toys“R”Us and eliminate the comparisons of -- in other words compare yourself to a quarter a year ago where there was Easter to this year where there was no Easter and our North American business in the quarter was still up.
Brian Goldner: Yes. The way the movie worked was we produced this movie with third-party studio. We had it distributed by Lionsgate. They took a distribution fee. We then created a toy and game line and we participated in the toys and games sales and earnings from the toys and games. The consumer products where we had hundreds of licensees and the royalty income that came from that, as well as from the movie after paying the distribution fee and allowing for recruitment of the marketing, so that the total economic value was positive for our company and continues to be positive as the content continues to run through home entertainment which actually performed even better than our expectation and now is what is streaming on a number of different platforms and we'll continue to be a story asset that will run through different territories. And of course this really raised halo for the brand. And then of course we're using beyond that using the television series now that's airing around the world including with CCTV in China based on a growing relationship with them across TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY and that's also beneficial. So the content is driving profitable growth for that brand and again disruption from Toys“R”Us certainly has interrupted the appearance of what the sales look like its down a bit because of all the changes in the market but our the period we've seen the POS growth.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So in fact doing the movie is beneficial to us economically. First of all, we get to not only pick the price point for the movie and produce it ourselves, but we receive producer fees for having produced the film. Then we get to calendarize the movie and to work with our retail partners to ensure that they are able to help us make that property and A-level property at their retail destination. If we weren't able to do that, if we were in a third-party arrangement, we have less control around the creative and around the price point. And so in fact, contributing to and participating in the franchise economics for film is accretive to the company.
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. Obviously in franchise Transformers was down, as it was up against year ago movie timing. It -- given your familiarity with that action category wasn't down as much as you would've expected in a -- year after movie. In fact, it’s performed quite nicely and above those normative levels of being down by 50% or something like that. So it’s done quite well given that it has other entertainment. In the quarter I talked about that MY LITTLE PONY was down a bit, but again you're dealing with retail disruption from Toys“R”Us and the loss of that retailer and not shipping new initiatives till the second half of the year. And then NERF was down a bit in shipments again, because that brand was very developed not only at all retail, but certainly at Toys“R”Us and so again you work through the disruption that's temporary, but POS was quite strong, and now we are lining up the second half of the year to be incredibly strong around NERF FEST, which is your call. Garrick last year, it was only in the U.S. and now is rolling out to 37 different countries, given how successful it was a year ago, and we literally have new innovation in every category. We have a new N-Strike Elite. We have a new Mega Thunderhawk. We have new Rival product. We have new Zombie strike product and new Modulus product as well as – as well as the launch of our Laser Ops product in the second half. So, bringing innovation back into that brands following the liquidation of Toys“R”Us is perfectly timed for longer-term growth. In Partner brands, we’ve talked about the brands that were down. Obviously TROLLS was down following the movie years. And we’ve said that MARVEL contributed and that DISNEY PRINCESS was down. Obviously BEYBLADE is up, and continues to perform at a high level.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I’d said that given the work we’ve doing with our major partners, that we’ve been in business for years, and the new opportunities for online and omni-channel combined with some retailers that will focus on some specific audiences. I actually expect that the amount of promotion and linear footage available to the toy industry for the holiday could be very similar to last year's holiday. Now given that we have one of the broadest portfolios of brands, where we focus on incredible innovation across a gaming portfolio in franchise brands and partner brands with incredible entertainment coming for the second half of the year in home entertainment as well as theatrical films from TRANSFORMERS and also from Spider-Man, the fact is our strong portfolio, with our commitment to innovation and storytelling from us and our partners puts us in a very good position not only for holiday 2018, but as we return to growth in 2019 and beyond. And we absolutely believe we will return to growth in 2019 and beyond with expanding operating profit margins over time and we can see how the business is developing along those lines.
Brian Goldner: Yes, So in Europe inventories, our inventories are down and retail inventories are down. And I would expect that we’ll continue to manage our inventories relative to the demand in third and fourth quarter in Europe recognize that we had a lot of markets where Toys“R”Us existed and we do have the business of working through with our brick-and-mortar retailers. Their plans relative to the acceleration of online and omni channel retailers in the region. In the U.S. I’m not going to comment on whether inventory is going to be up or down in the fourth quarter. The goal of course is to ensure that our vast portfolio gets supported across all of these new initiatives that we have. And certainly, we will hold more of our own inventory and deploy a closer to those sale surges, we described that before and why that's important, so that we can deploy the inventory to the retailers into the partners that have the greatest levels of sell through so that we can match inventory to demand, even better than we have in the past. And I think that's something we’ve learned as the market continues to rapidly develop and evolve continuing on board that capability and to have that personnel and you’ve seen us take some changes to the composition of our personnel and add capabilities to modernize those aspects of our business.
Deborah Thomas: So from a POS standpoint, we did say that PO, global POS was up in the quarter and year-to-date with Toys“R”Us and without Toys“R”Us it was down a smidgen the quarter but up year-to-date.
Deborah Thomas: Sure, Steff. On – there was a slight change, and what we’re seeing is just some pressures on some of our gross margin items as we go forward. So while we say that and we look forward, you know, we think the teams executed very well this quarter. Our inventory at retail is down in every virtually every region. You know our held inventory is up and it's up to meet primarily in the U.S. to meet the expected demand for the rest of the year. However, we think that there could be just a bit of pressure on that, but most, we could see the levels of last year, but most importantly, we still firmly believe that we’re set up growth in operating profit after this disruption from Toys“R”Us kind of gets worked fully out of our system.
Deborah Thomas: We are seeing some continued retail disruption particularly outside the U.S. and that's been impacting some our credit decisions and in some of the emerging markets as well where we've not been extending the credit. So, we still believe that we still strive for that profitable growth that Hasbro has been about for the past several years. You hear us talk about all the time. This year, there's just disruption because of Toys“R”Us and we continue to watch the retail environment, but fundamentally we still believe in a very focused on operating profit growth after we work through this disruption.
Deborah Thomas: And we've said from the beginning Felicia you're right that we felt the biggest disruption would be in the early part of the year. From Toys“R”Us, so I'm not going to comment on whether we expect Q3 or Q4 to be up, but we think the biggest percentage impact certainly from the decline is behind us, because we're going into the bigger quarters of the year. Everything gets kind of magnified in the first and second quarter. So we think after this year the disruption in total should be behind us which is really what we're focusing on.
Deborah Thomas: No. We still believe that our cash flow will be between 600 to 700 million and just given the pressure of on the year, we would probably be closer to the bottom end of that range than the top end.
Deborah Thomas: Yes. It's in our other long-term assets and you'll see that that we had the payment go out in the cash flow this quarter, our contribution, our cash flow is up for program production cash flow this quarter. And then it will be amortized over time. There won't be amortization associated with that until for 2019 though.
Deborah Thomas: We do have met – we have met with most of our retailers to look at the new line that's coming in for the second half of the year. We could always take pricing late in the game, but it is more challenging at this time of the year. As we said before over the long-term we can always reengineer product to take some of the cost out to keep the price point optimal for the consumer, but on the short-term it would have some level of impact to the consumer if tariffs were imposed.
Deborah Thomas: And Brian I would just add to that. That's why we look at it with and without Toys“R”Us because we know certainly in the U.S. Toys“R”Us had an impact because of the liquidation they were doing. However we provided no further discount dollars for that liquidation.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay. Now, again just be clear. Is that wholesale dollars or retail dollars you're talking about? Because retail dollars we look at that because we can see if things have been discounted. We can tell that in wholesale dollars, so that POS at high single digits in the first time. Is that in retail dollars or wholesale dollars? Thank you.
Gerrick Johnson: Okay, Brian, we understand all that, the merchandising and the toy line. You're going to get that revenue anyway no matter who does the movie. So my question was specific, specific on the economics of the movie itself. Is it worthwhile for you to be doing this? Are you generating more economic profit doing it this way then another third party, that's why I'm trying to get at, understand all the merchandising aspect early [ph]? Thank you.
Gerrick Johnson: All right. Great. That’s a great answer. Thank you. And then lastly, just want to ask about franchisee and partner brands. You know they are both down, could you talk about the brands within those categories that were let’s say, challenged and to put it differently an opportunity for improvement, so what was down in those two categories? Thank you.
