Brian Goldner: If you look at our gross and operating margins, we believe that they are sustainable at approximately the 2015 levels, and over time we would hope to continue to expand those. We’ve talked about the points of leverage that we have in our business in order to expand them over time.  Obviously the growth of our franchise brands that enjoy a higher than average operating profit margin, the growth of our entertainment and licensing business which as you saw has a very strong operating margin as well, and then of course as we continue to grow international markets, particularly emerging markets and we get greater economy of scale, those begin to approach the company’s average operating profit margin.  So those three levers broadly will enable us over time to continue to expand operating margins, but we do believe that our operating profit margins and gross margins are at a new place and can remain at this higher level beyond 2015. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah Steph, if you think about revenues this year through the first quarter, we’re working through the transition, and for the full year we have some strong expectations, but obviously it’s a transition year. We believe we get more leverage in our business over time in 2017 and ’18. So over time we’ll build more leverage in to that business as we again grow economy of scale and create new innovations in years out. But we’ve not said that we would get all that leverage this year. 
Brian Goldner: Yeah, MAGIC category grew for the full year. It grew very strongly in the fourth quarter; we talked about Battle for Zendikar being the most successful set launch. Just to remind everyone that MAGIC is really story-led, it’s much less responsive to the quarters or holiday seasonality, it’s really about the stories that we’re telling and we think the transition the teams’ taken the brand through this year and how we tell stories is very helpful to the brand as we go forward. So we continue to invest, improve and drive our online business.  As Deb said, we would expect to see some revenues from the new MAGIC Next platform in 2017. But MAGIC is a long term growth driver for us and we’re very happy to have a brand like that also, and we’ll talk more about this on Friday that talks to and appeals to different demographic and psychographic that helps the company to expand our portfolio and deliver value and brands across a number of different demographic. 
Brian Goldner: Emerging markets absent FX grew 15% and operating margin was a little bit lower mostly because of China as we’re investing in that business and then of course impacted by FX.
Brian Goldner: 2016 and ’17 are both great entertainment years. In fact we’re sitting here today with more visibility, it’s a great entertainment and storytelling both from our own brands and our partners’ brands than ever before. And so we think advertising will remain below the 10% range that we’ve talked about historically. But it would be probably be in a range between where we ended last year and 10%. 
Brian Goldner: Sure. So what we talked about was that in 2015 STAR WARS performed like a movie year, like other movie year, so it was very strong for us. And we also believed that STAR WARS can be equal in 2016 obviously rolling through the Force Awakens home entertainment window and then in to Rogue One. So we believe similar revenues.  And I was looking at some of the detail of STAR WARS, and I think it’s rather interesting that prior to the movie release or if you take the full year numbers for STAR WARS, the US and Canada segment if you will, 56% revenues and international was 44%. However, if you look at the fourth quarter or more of the movie related revenues, the international segment revenues as a percent go to 54% and the US is 46%.  So what we’ve said all along is that, as the brand benefits from more entertainment and benefits from more global movie releases that we would see a growth in that footprint, the global footprint of the brand, and we are in fact seeing that. 
Brian Goldner: We are focused on executing our brand blueprint strategy. We obviously have looked from time to time at opportunities to help us round that out to build our capabilities and we’ve spent the last 10 years doing that. So acquisitions like 70% of Backflip, our joint venture with the television network that’s continuing to improve its financial position, and we continue to remain open to ideas that enhance our strategic brand blueprint and the strategy that we’re executing.  But we are very focused on executing our own strategy and really focusing in on how we build our business overtime. We have great brands in our portfolio and believe there’s lots of headroom for growth in our franchise brands and you’ll also see us introducing some new brands out of the box and new original brands over the next couple of years.  So we think we are well positioned from a brand standpoint, but we do remain open to add on acquisitions that would help to enhance the strategic platform that we are running our brand blueprint strategy. 
Brian Goldner: I think as we think about building our business, we really do think more annual and over three year basis than in any given --
Brian Goldner: And on Friday we’ll outline for you as well our efforts particularly in digital gaming. We’re going to talk about some of the new titles that are around Hasbro brands coming from Blackfoot Studios as well as some of the other gaming efforts and that’s all resident in that segment as well. 
Brian Goldner: In the first quarter we’ll work through the transition on PRINCESS. So we will be shipping PRINCESS product and you’re starting to see displays up and rolling the product out around the world and we’re very happy with the transition in working with Disney and our retailers, they’ve been incredibly supportive and we’re seeing some good early indications of how a product is selling, its selling quite well.  And then if we talk about NERF, the brand was up both in the quarter as well as full year double digits, and the sell-through was very strong and it’s really around Modulus around N-Strike and around Zombie Striker, as kind of the top performers for the years and then of course NERF Rival which is launched in a couple of countries in the world that are out in a few more as we move forward that more. This is a little bit more of the paintball like paint play pattern that we’re rolling out in markets around the world.  So again the brand is our top brand at the company, and we just wanted to give that perspective because as we had created the franchise brand strategy many years ago, we believe that those brands were capable of growing to first hundreds of millions of dollars and then overtime even larger and NERF and PLAY-DOH are great examples of brands that have grown significantly over the last few years and they are among the top brands of the company.
Brian Goldner: On Star Wars I think I gave some pretty good guidance that Star Wars was very similar to 2005 last movie year. We used to give out specific percentages of revenues for a whole host of reasons; we’d no longer feel that that’s specifically required. So I’d rather just give you some guidance up against the prior movie or NERF.  It is the largest brand that has brought if you include all brands including franchise and partner brands, every brand. It’s the largest brand in our portfolio. 
Brian Goldner: On MY LITTLE PONY we’re talking about the licensing income. So this is within the entertainment and licensing segment our new rebranded team consumer product personnel generated the largest amount of revenues from MY LITTLE PONY business up significantly versus a year ago and that’s what we were referring to and no I’m not going to give you a percent as it relates to E&L.
Brian Goldner: We made changes in our North American operation back in 2012 and reorganized that business in working with our retail partners. We believe that North American profitability is now at a new level and it’s relatively sustainable. Obviously there’ll be ups and downs overtime by bits, but overtime it can also grow as we continue to leverage our brands.  International is just impacted by FX and may be Deb you want to talk absent FX where arte those margins because they are very healthy margins absent FX.
Brian Goldner: We’ve seen some great growth in several of the emerging markets we talked about, north of 20% growth in Russia and Brazil. In China this past year, our largest brand in China continues to be TRANSFORMERS, so you’re up against the movie here. I think that has more of a temporal impact in the year and overtime  I would expect the trends that we’ve seen in our emerging market business and profitability to continue continued improvement for the company average operating profit margin. And as Deb said, there’s some puts and takes overtime as we continue to expand our capabilities, but we’re [trending][ph], right. 
Brian Goldner: The brand performed very well for us in a non-movie year coming off of 2014’s movie, it was down much less than one expects. We’ve talked a lot about what brands do in the years following movies and TRANSFORMERS really bucked that trend for the full year being down about one-third versus typical more closer to 50%. So the television and other entertainment has really helped to support the brand and help drive our brand globally, and I’ll give you some more color on our entertainment plans, what’s coming out of the writers room and plans for Transformers, theatrically by Friday. 
Deb Thomas: And some of the investments that we are making as Brian just mentioned in things like MAGIC: THE GATHERING online, investment in our development process which we expect will lead to future savings in the cost of sales line a couple of years out, and we’ve got the higher level of depreciation coming through.  We expect to see those coming through the P&L for the next ’16 and ’17 and starting to decline in ’18. And we’ll begin to see revenue from some of these activities like MAGIC Online beginning in 2017. So it’s a little bit of a balance, but we expect to see some of those expenses begin to decline by 2018 and we’ll have some charts on depreciation and amortization and some of the details behind that at Toy Fair on Friday. 
Deb Thomas: Hi Drew it’s Deb. I think it’s really just a mix. I mean we have such a strong entertainment driven mix of revenue this year. As our franchise brands continue to grow, we do expect that royalty number to come in closer to our five year average which was around that 8%.  So that’s why as we look forward we believe we’ve got sustainability and our gross margin as our consumers are paying for innovation in our product and we’ve built some cost savings measures in there that we’re realizing now and our royalties will be closer to 8% than 8.5%.  We think this year was just -- given the strength of STAR WARS as well as JURASSIC WORLD and MARVEL they were just higher than we expected they would be. 
Deb Thomas: The two of our biggest growth market this year absent FX continue to be Brazil and Russia, both growing over 20% absent FX. But the pressure of FX on those markets when you think the precipitous drop in their currencies that kept going on year along really put a lot of pressure on our emerging market operating profit. 
Deb Thomas: Yeah, I think what we are trying to highlight Jaime is that we don’t see the precipitous currency drops that we saw at the end of 2014 and into ’15. So our expectation of what our current rates are, we think they’ll continue to have an impact. Again particularly in countries like Brazil, which continue to have pressure on their currency of about a 100 million to revenue and about 15% to 20% of that would drop through the operating profit. 
Deb Thomas: From a capital standpoint, we also remain committed to returning our excess cash to our shareholders, and indeed we’re very pleased that our Board voted and we are able to report today an 11% increase in our dividends, because we do remain very committed to getting excess cash back to our shareholders. 
Deb Thomas: What I was saying is that, just to give you a sense on an annual basis that STAR WARS for us in 2015 for the full year was comparable to prior movie years, and I might point to years like 2005 for example. And I was talking about the fact that if you took the full year number, you would see that the US was more represented in terms of the sale.  So said differently, sales before the launch of the film were more oriented towards the US segment and less in international and as the movie entered the market in the fourth quarter, we talked about how the fourth quarter was about half of the total years revenues and that was more internationally oriented at about 54% versus the 46% for the US.  We’re also seeing in 2015 Hasbro’s market share of STAR WARS growth fairly dramatically, because people are really responding to the innovation that we’ve brought to the product lines, to our role play which we’re selling incredibly well all lightsabers of different kinds including Kylo Ren’s lighsaber and then of course 3 and 3.25 inch scale action figure and of course our black series.  Those are some of our top sellers and we’re rolling out new product and already have for 2016. We’ll continue to roll out new product throughout 2016 and we’ll make a transition more towards Rogue One for the back half of 2016, given the December movie release for Rogue One. And we do believe that 2016 can be comparable size to 2015. 
Deb Thomas: Sure. We’re thinking that based on our current expected rates, we would have about $100 million negative impact to 2015 revenue, if you just apply those same rates with about 15% to 20% of that flowing through your operating profit. So that’s significant impact than 2015 versus 2014. 
Deb Thomas: I know we were actually pleased with our results for the quarter and for the year. So given our expectations they were in line. 
Deb Thomas: On a full year basis we said we’ve got a couple of these investments which I indicated earlier we’ll outline a bit more on Friday at our meeting at Toy Fair. But a quite a few more of these investments that are continuing for the next few years before we start to see the revenue from it and that includes depreciation which is going to ramp down coming in ’18 from the new systems that we’ve put in. So we’ll highlight more of that and any other items that impact us of significance in SG&A line with compensation because of the performance of the year. But we’ll outline more about that on Friday.
Deb Thomas: I would have to go back and look at the quarter, however again on a full year basis; we are in line from a percent of revenue standpoint of where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year. 
Deb Thomas: That’s very good that you picked up on that Eric, because you know it’s like my favorite term and I get teased about it a bit, but it is a bit lumpy in that business because of that. And I believe having the Netflix in the first quarter would have an impact. However, we continue to invest in that business and we saw good growth not just in the studio and Netflix business but in our consumer product licensing business. And the strength of our brands and the licensing is much more stable than that entertainment driven revenue, or those large deals that you can see from time to time.  So overall, one of the reasons why we’ve expanded our operating profit is because of the expansion in our entertainment and licensing business, and we continue to invest in that business for the long term because we see not just the revenue growth but the operating profit expansion opportunities for the company as a whole. 
Deb Thomas: As we look at our cash flow number, we will talk about more about that on Friday. So we look forward to seeing you then and talking more about that then. With respect to the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN business, we began very small shipments in the fourth quarter. I think we did talk about DISNEY’s DESCENDANTS being a good contributor to 2015, however we have been working very closely with Disney and our retail partners to ensure the channel’s in good shape for everyone and our expectation is, we’ll begin to ship that in a more meaningful way in 2016. But we only had very small shipments in 2015. 
Deb Thomas: Yeah, absolutely. Every one of our components of our International segment were up absent FX, and operating profit was also negatively impacted because of the FX impact. But again, so much of this year in the segments as well, product mix had a big impact on operating profit for the segment as well as the cost savings and we continue to get cost savings through ongoing initiatives.  As you know, we had a $100 million cost saving initiative a few years back which we completed in 2015, but ongoing cost savings has always been a part of our business, and many of the things you’ve seen us invest and then are running through some of the lines like product development and then SG&A are ongoing investments to further decrease cost throughout our business including in our international segment.
Deb Thomas: Well we continue to make investments in the business to really reflect things in the currencies and to take cost out of the business of where we are actually incurring our revenues. So overtime, our expectation is that you’ll see more of our margins in the different operating segments come closer to each other.  Now if you think about international, you’re in a lot of different markets though. So just by their own nature they’re going to have slightly administrative expenses. So will they ever be 100% the same? I don’t know. But they’ll move closer overtime based on all the initiatives are undertaken in the company. 
Drew Crum: Can you guys talk a little more about your expectations for royalties, 8.5% in 2015? I think you suggested that in terms of mix partner brands would be at the high end of the historical range at least over the near term. Yet you expect royalties as a percentage of sales to be at about 8% in 2016. So just want to get some additional clarity on that. 
Drew Crum: And then Brian can you comment on the performance of MAGIC during the quarter, any quantification in terms of sales growth and any noteworthy changes or variances in terms of the content strategy in ’16 relative to this past year. 
Drew Crum: Just one last question from me, are you willing to share with the profitability or margin was for your emerging markets business in 2015. 
Felicia Hendrix: Brian if you could just go back to STAR WARS for a second because I just want to make sure I’m understanding what you’re saying correctly. You said STAR WARS was on par with prior years, so according to our notes that’s depending on how far back you look, somewhere between 500 million and 600 million and then you said half of that was in 2015. So I’m just wondering when you think about the kind of blend in 2015 and 2016 together is that what’s equating to the 500 million to 600 million or should be looking at the total and spreading it up. Just a little confusing to me thanks. 
Felicia Hendrix: Deb just quickly, can you help us; I know it’s such a moving target, but you’ve given us some FX guidance in the past. Can you help us to think this through for 2016? You might have said that I might have missed it. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, but there wouldn’t be like a strain like a line item or something that would make that difference right because you beat on earnings, I mean in fact it’s EBIT. 
Felicia Hendrix: Final question just on SG&A, looks like it grew 18% year-over-year in the quarter. So just wondering how we should think about SG&A in 2016.
