Brian Goldner: Yes, good morning Steph. The U.K. business definitely has had some macroeconomic issues, you see it in the NPD data and our business has been relatively flat in the quarter from a POS standpoint. But overall, if you look across Europe, we have double digit POS growth for both the quarter and year-to-date. So we really view the U.K. being a bit Brexit focused. We have a little bit of our retail concern out there, but again I think it’s something the teams have worked through quite well and I don’t see it as a long term issue. In Brazil similarly you have a macroeconomic situation, a little bit political instability and consumer confidence that’s changed a bit, but still if you look at the emerging market growth for the quarter was about 7% year-to-date emerging market growth is 12% and so we are seeing some good growth across emerging markets. So I would say both of those are issues the teams are working through and I would expect that over time we’ll work through that. Again, same thing there where Latin America, the rest of Latin America has performed quite well and we would expect that market, the region overall to perform quite strongly.
Brian Goldner: Sure, entertainment continues to drive our business, Drew. And if you look at TRANSFORMERS, recognize that we now have entertainment across multiple screens and in fact our targeting and presenting stories to a infinite number of demographics around the brand, so certainly TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT products sold very well, our POS was very strong, the brand is up considerably. Then of course we also have the Robots in Disguise product that’s around the television. We have all of the universe product that’s focused on our fans, that is also selling incredibly well. And then of course preschool product, Rescue Bots product is also selling quite well. So we are seeing great sell-through around the brand, recognized that this is a brand that’s become increasingly global, increasingly international. We’re seeing great growth in places like China around the brand and around our international markets. So it continues to be one of the calling cards of the company.  As you look at Spiderman, the performance was quite strong. MARVEL was up in the quarter. We continued to focus on the Spiderman brand, also Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 was quite strong and then of course you have Marvel Legends, so again we’ve talked about the fan economy and Marvel Legends has performed quite strongly, that's the fan oriented product that we also see continuing very strongly throughout the year. And that will get into all of the electronic sell-through windows for those movies. And then in the fall of course we have a number of new initiatives and entertainment for the second half of the year including MY LITTLE PONY in October. We got the new STAR WARS movie. You have the Olaf’s Frozen Adventure for Disney Princess. And in fact if you look [audio break] on the Disney Channel, so what we're seeing is increases in space around our brands, our retailer commitment at the top levels from the entertainment councils at those retailers and we believe that the full-year portends very good things. And as Deb mentioned, we cleaned up the market a bit around some of the inventories that were out from some products, so that we’d be in very good shape as we go toward the windows for Force Friday II September the 1st. You'll see MY LITTLE PONY product merchandising in August and September ahead of the movie, and then again, a new line of product going in time for Olaf’s Frozen Adventure from Princess as we track through all of the different entertainment windows.
Brian Goldner: We continue to expect operating profit margins for the full-year to be up versus the adjusted number as reported number - what.
Brian Goldner: …yeah, the as reported number, sorry. So we continue to expect operating profit margins to expand versus as reported. If you look at EBITDA for the first quarter, it was actually up 19% year-to-date, it’s been up 16%, so we’re getting really good strong earnings growth in the business. And again we expect operating profit margin expansion for the full-year.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the way to think about TRANSFORMERS and in fact it's emblematic of what we’re doing across the company. Over the last three years we have developed the digital capabilities for stream content and putting content on a multitude of screens, that capabilities really being born out and being seen in the TRANSFORMERS business. So, the overall brand is performing at a much higher level than it was in 2014. In part, that's because the movie product is performing at a higher level than the prior year movie product in 2014, but also because we are seeing great growth in the TRANSFORMERS generations product for the fan economy, the Robots in Disguise product that's been around the television. Television viewership is strong. Our streaming on Netflix is a very strong. And then of course the fan-oriented stream product that goes -- our content that streams with machinima.mcn [ph]. So, I’d look at it as an expansion of storytelling. And again the brand did perform quite strongly in 2014 but also performed strongly in 2015 and 2016. This is clearly more in line with the movie or performance for the brand.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it is. Its – the performance is good. Remember that movie has continued to form incredibly well globally outside the U.S. where I think we just surpassed $225 million in China. The movie has done more than $550 million so far. And also with all of our entertainment digital engagement, yes, we are up significantly in POS versus the prior movie year. And yes, it's being -- it's coming from a number of new areas for us, capabilities that we've developed over the last three years.
Brian Goldner: Yes. I think the other thing to note in the operating profit it’s a log [ph] small numbers. Typically our European profit 90% of it is around the second half of the year that has to do with the footprint that we run, size at geographies and the fixed expense that we have in the first half of the year. So I would view it as a small change that doesn't really portend anything on the full-year.
Brian Goldner: It just has to with coming off of a STAR WARS movie year entering into a new STAR WARS entertainment era and then MARVEL really hitting in the second quarter particularly Spiderman in the second quarter. So it’s really, I view as timings because MARVEL overall was up for the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think that you have a lot contributing in partner brands in the second half. You have Princess which grew in the quarter and it has a lot of activity in the second half. You have MARVEL which has a tremendous amount of activity. You have the new STAR WARS movie and Force Friday II that sets on September the 1st. So overall – well, of course we still have TROLLS which is contributing quite strongly year-to-date and we’re very excited about the full-year on TROLLS. BEYBLADE, some of you’ve asked about BEYBLADE timing. And that of course is really just entering both Europe and Latin America in the second half of this year, really hadn’t been in those markets. So I think all those elements will contribute to the second half of the year.
Brian Goldner: The Amazon Prime clearly is a very big day for them and it's a very fun day for us and opportunity to do lots of interesting and fun promotional elements run our business. It was again a strong day for the company. Our overall online POS was very strong in the quarter, stronger than our overall POS and up more than 20%. We continue to see great growth in online and omni-channel not just from Amazon but the Wal-Mart target and Toys "R" Us as well, very strong growth for several of those retailers. It's for us an opportunity to bring together content commerce and innovation online and it's working quite well the way we’re executing around the story led brands is quite strong for us. So overall, POS was up double digits in the teens for the company and even more strongly online. As you look at STAR WARS for the year, clearly if go back in history I'd say you have STAR WARS movie years and STAR WARS non-movie years, these categories both contribute significantly, certainly the movie years more so and this is clearly lining up to be a very good STAR WARS movie year. Obviously, as we get into Force Friday we’ll know a lot more, but certainly there's nothing about our business so far this year that wouldn’t indicate a very strong STAR WARS movie this holiday and the strong Toys sells for us.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Disney Princess, yes, I’ve looked at Disney Princess together would be up year to-date and I'm not going to size it, but its up in both the quarter and year to-date for us. And look there’s a lot of great entertainment that’s been supporting that brand, and Moana and the electronic sell-through and DVD windows, Beauty and the Beast. So yes, that's -- it's been up and we would expect with the kind of entertainment we have coming in the second half and Olaf's Frozen Adventure to contribute to our both Princess and Frozen business for the full-year.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think we’d expect a nominal shift in revenues between third and fourth quarter. We’re not suggesting that it’s seismic, but just a nominal shift as a result of all these entertainment initiatives that are happening toward the back half of the year and particularly in the fourth quarter as STAR WARS comes out in December. On online, what I’d said was that our cost of business was very similar. The difference is as we develop our expertise in online we have some initial costs over the first couple years as we set ourselves up for future growth and that we would expect those costs over time to begin to diminish that has to do with the kind of packaging we use in the way we create master cartons in the way that we go-to-market, the kinds of content we’re creating. But overtime we’ll amortize those startup or learning curve costs and that we would expect that to continue to be over time accretive to our business, but today comparable cost of business to Omni-channel or brick-and-mortar.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall the games category was up by 20% in the quarter and then if you look at – Hasbro Gaming was up 6%, but I think it’s important to note that in the second quarter globally our games POS was up 27%. So we are seeing a tremendous sell-through of our games business. Similarly in U.S. our games POS was up quite considerably. So what we’re seeing is really a matter of game selling very well, shipments are little bit behind the sell-through, lot of new games introductions coming later in this quarter for the second half. Dungeons & Dragons is performing at a very high level. I think Dungeons & Dragons is back and the team has done some very expansive marketing around that. It's involved in e-sports and twitch [ph] new gaming launches coming throughout the year. And then, of course you also see our digital gaming business growing considerably. With TRANSFORMERS, EARTH WARS are performing quite well, DragonVale performing well, so Backflip Studios is really contributing as well on the quarter. So it’s both digital gaming, as well as face-to-face gaming performing well in the quarter, so that's both the in the gaming segment and then overall performing quite well. MAGIC on a full-year basis, really the business continues to resonate with making a lot of progress in the MAGIC online and our Digital Next, we’re looking forward to showing you more in the Digital Next development at our Investor Day. But MAGIC online is performing very well, holding up quite well and you’re seeing more concurrent launches like Amonkhet was a concurrent launch between our card set as well as our online and we continue to connect with players. We’re seeing great new player engagement as well as conversion, continue to see the kinds of torment play and the e-sports play and viewership that really gives us good signals for that brand long-term.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So if you look at Princess, we’d said from the beginning that investments would begin before the revenues spend and the investments continued in early days as we launch that brand we continue to invest in the brand and we do continue to see profit improvement over time. And we had said then and continue to reiterate that we’d see profit improve over a two to three-year period and begin to approach company average operating profit margins for our partner brands over that period. And that's still the case.
Brian Goldner: Our overall industry would grew just under about 4%, obviously our growth is outstripping that growth. In the U.S. the team has done a fantastic job with double-digit growth. We continue to see the opportunity to grow that business, continue to engage in it with the number of retailers continue to expand and stretch our channel management and through that channel management strategy we’re getting to new and differentiated retailers with different types of products and offerings. The online business continues to be disintermediary for us, for example, if you look at our online sales in the quarter particularly focused on U.S. you see very strong double-digit gains for all of our franchise brands and that's quite heartening to see that the MY LITTLE PONY and little Scratch [ph] up performing well as we’ve start to introduce new product where the audience can find those brands online at their liking. So, I’d say overall we continue to expect that the U.S. business, the North American business can grow. We’ve certainly seen that growth and expect that the retail calendar with entertainment continues to stretch to be more full-year calendar. And we have a number of initiatives for the second half of the year that set us up quite well for a full year, and also into 2018 we’re seeing a number of entertainment initiatives including our own that set us up for 2018 to be a very good year as well. So that's what I think about the U.S. business. I think you look at it our developed economies business in the first quarter grew 12% while emerging markets grew 7% and for the first half our developed the country's business grew over 5% while emerging markets grew double-digit and so I would say that we’re continuing to see very good growth both in developed economies and emerging markets.
Brian Goldner: In the quarter we’ve seen very good performance from MONOPOLY. We’ve seen good performance from TRANSFORMERS. We’ve seen good performance in MAGIC. I think Pony was off just a bit the quarter. And as we set up and key [ph] up the second half around the movie again on the full-year basis we think MY LITTLE PONY will perform quite strongly. And remember what Deb said earlier was that the consumer products royalty income comes in the quarter after the sales occur. So I think that a lot of what's going on the consumer products is just related to the timing.
Brian Goldner: Well, first of all, we’ve seen great growth in a set number markets where we have longer dating in Latin America for example Mexico has seen great growth and the dating there is a bit longer.
Brian Goldner: So, our POS, global POS in the second quarter was up by 13% and year to-date its up of about 14%. And then has had games POS globally was up by 27% and U.S. was even more stronger 33% and you’re seeing double-digit growth across a number of categories. Where we have a breakdown franchise brands we have double-digit partner brands was up strong single-digit and gaming as I mentioned was up, online sales I talked about being up more than 20%. And then, of course I also earlier in Europe that we saw the double-digit POS games and very strong gains in a number of markets. And as I mentioned that UK was the only place where the POS was flat and we’re holding our own in industry category that’s down a bit.
Brian Goldner: Yes we don’t the retail data, we don’t get that retail data by all those markets, we get wholesale data by all those markets.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Steph. For entertainment and licensing, typically when we have consumer products sales we work with external third-party licensees who take that product and make the T-shirts and backpacks and all the great things that are sold around our brands. Their revenue at retail for example could be in the second quarter, they wouldn’t report that to us until early in the third quarter. So generally what we see with that is it’s about a quarter in arrears from when the sales actually occur at retail. With our entertainment this year with TRANSFORMERS coming out in June and we have MY LITTLE PONY movie coming in October, we would expect to see some of that revenue in the fourth quarter for example for Pony, but more of it in the first quarter. So with consumer products you tend to see a little bit of a shift that revenue can be larger in the first quarter than it typically is in other segments because of that.
Deb Thomas: We have closeouts typically throughout the year, and as we said with all the entertainment coming midyear and later in the year we really took advantage of kind of cleaning that inventory up now, and making sure that as we headed into the heavy entertainment season which typically you may see the higher closeout level in the third quarter. It doesn’t have as big of an impact on margins just because of the size of the revenue and everything overall. So, we did take advantage of that. On a full-year basis we think that we will not be unusual compared to a normal year, it's just really a timing shift.
Deb Thomas: Well, we typically don’t call out separate countries, but what I can say is if you look at in our table both Europe overall and Latin America overall did grow revenue in the quarter. So whilst individual countries are impacting us. Overall as we look at the region and how we’re performing across the region, they did grow in the quarter.
Deb Thomas: As far as the timing questionnaire, one of things that we are seeing with the growth in online retailing and our retailers taking more just-in-time inventory, as Brian mentioned we’ll see more when we get to Force Friday II which is on September 1st of this year. But again that’s late in the third quarter and we think with everything that’s kind of coming together we may actually see a bigger fourth quarter than third quarter this year just -- really just timing and some of the patterns were seeing right now.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Good morning, Arpiné. Really we talked about -- the biggest impact on the gross margin line for the quarter was the level of closeouts sale. For closeouts sale typically carry a lower gross margin as they come through, and they also carry lower advertising and all other costs. So, there’s not a lot of promotion around and a things like that. So why you see it in the gross margin line that’s why you see our operating profit did increase from a percentage standpoint because it impacted that but not the way down. So that size-wise was the biggest impact. The next biggest impact was less favorable hedges that we had on inventory we purchased in the second quarter this year various a year ago. And we set a Toy Fair that that was going to impact our full-year gross margin and that overall we expect our full-year gross margin to be down a bit from the full-year 2016. So those are really the two big items and they offset the positive product mix that you mentioned earlier.
Deb Thomas: Well, we really set our hedges, so we can put predictability in our pricing. So, based on the hedges we have we’ve been able to set pricing for the year and give our retailers confident in maintaining that pricing, as well as understanding what our gross margin is. So I think about the rest of the year -- last year for a full-year we were about 74% of our total costs with hedge. This year I think we’re about 73% like we’re right around that range. So to the extent we haven’t hedged, we should get some benefit from it, but on a full-year basis we -- again we really hedge to protect the pricing that we offer to our retailers.
Deb Thomas: Really Germany on which really around the quarter and we don't expect that to continue for the full-year. It’s really the UK and Brazil that we’re seeing most of the economic issues.
Deb Thomas: And as far as capital allocation, as we said we want to return access cash to shareholders and indeed most of it was through dividends this quarter and we repurchase shares subject to market conditions and available U.S. cash. We also put [Indiscernible] five ones in place in our close windows and our stock price had quite a bit of movement in this past quarter. So, we still have about 300 million left in our share repurchase authorization and still plan right now to repurchase 150 million on a full-year basis, it will just be more back half weighted at this point.
Deb Thomas: Yes. In India we just started opening our own business in India. So it's really just a function of timing for us. Then we also talked about closeouts. Some of the sales as I mentioned there are a lower rate but they don't carry any allowances or things like that that may reduce receivables further. So it really is about timing for us this quarter. Inherently our receivables are in great shape, Our collection are good and through last week we collected on the 20% of our receivables. I think I looked at it Wednesday and we were already at point. So we’re in good shape on receivables. Its really just about timing.
