Brian Goldner: Thank you, Deb. I want to take a moment and recognize David Hargreaves, Hasbro's Chief strategy Officer. Many of you know David personally. Last week he announced that after 32 years, he will be retiring from Hasbro in February. David’s stewardship, vision, and business acumen have been instrumental in our success today as a branded play company. There is no question Hasbro would not be where it is today without David’s leadership. His legacy will be defined by his tireless work ethic, his belief that Hasbro comes first, and his competitive drive to ensure Hasbro's success is sustainable for generations to come. For me personally he has been a trusted partner and advisor. Please join me in thanking David for his dedication and all the significant contributions to Hasbro and wishing him all the best as he begins this exciting new chapter in his life. Deb and I are now happy to take your questions.
Brian Goldner: Allspark Pictures is really just an evolutionary step in our content strategy as we think about ourselves as a branded play company. Recognize that over the last few years since we started the studio and began working as a joint venture partner on the Hub, we have already produced 1,250 half hours of kid’s animation and programming. We’ve also produced a few movies with the EQUESTRIA GIRLS. So we’ve already produced full length animated movies. The difference here is really the format of going out and ensuring that rather than getting just a few theaters like we do for EQUESTRIA GIRLS where we get 400, 500 theaters, we want to go out and get more theaters and we want to have a partner that will distribute our movies first in theatrical and then allow us to go through all the different other stages of distribution for that entertainment. So we don't really view in the short-term any kind of material expenses and the technology in animation has really changed so dramatically we’re on the forefront of developing animation and we see that movies can be produced very economically and as you can see we have not had material impact from the movies we produced thus far and while these budgets may be bigger, they’re certainly not as big as the big animated theatricals from other people.
Brian Goldner: Correct. You know JEM again very small budget movie relative to live action movies. It’s an opportunity to take a brand out of the vault, tell the new story and reinvent the brand and then put it out across all the elements of our brand blueprint. So again, we don’t see that budget as significantly material. In fact, the movie has been primarily shot already.
Brian Goldner: Yes, Tarkir has been a great release. The fans have really enjoyed it thus far. Still early days, because you know it’s just been released. We talked about earlier in the year the fact that the releases really do matter. This is a storytelling brand first and foremost and engagement with characters is critical. So this is on track with our expectations and MAGIC continues to demonstrate both short and long-term great potential and we continue to invest in the brand both on the analog and digital side as we see great opportunities not only for this year, but for many years to come in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and growing it as a true global brand, as one of our major franchise brands.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we continue to see digital continue to grow over time and we’d expect over time that it would continue to grow.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so you have a couple of places where there are some differences by category depending on what the comp was a year-ago. And remember some of our international markets run games a little behind us just as they have more of the FURBY business for example right now, because FURBY boom is still running through those markets and you see that we’re up against the bigger comp in the U.S. on that brand and therefore against the category of Girls. So we don’t see that there was anything there except timing with games being down internationally as we continue to build some of the new releases. If you look at POS where we have POS data in several countries, overall POS in toys and games was up in the U.S and it was up for all the countries we measured, so Canada, Mexico, Australia, France, U.K. and Spain. The only place our POS overall as a company was down a little bit was in Germany. POS in games was down a bit in the third quarter in the U.S.
Brian Goldner: Yes, happy to do that. First and foremost, the Disney pitch for Princess and Frozen business was a creative pitch. And as you know we’ve developed great consumer insights in innovation, in our Girls business, we’ve been driving our Girls business and growing it globally and that was the most important element of our presentation to the team. Second, while we don't disclose royalty rates for any of our agreements, I'll tell you that the development of dolls is very different than action figures and the markets for dolls and action figures are very different. And therefore the royalty rates for dolls are not as high as action figures, because of what goes into producing and the content that goes into the lines, the fashion that goes into the lines and other elements.  And then in terms of the minimum guarantee, we certainly believe the minimum guarantee is at the level that we should be able to earn this out over a multi-year period. We didn't disclose the minimum guarantee because we didn't feel that it was material and for perspective I remind you that in 2013 we did disclose the minimum guarantee for our Marvel and Lucas agreements. And as you may remember, that totaled an additional 80 million for Marvel and up to 225 million for Star Wars. So we're trying to give you a perspective there that again we don’t believe that the minimum guarantees in the Disney Princess and Frozen lines is material in the same way.
Brian Goldner: Yes, that’s a good question. The thing to note for the most part, if you look at our brand the impact that a brand like FURBY has in the third quarter, that’s a -- it was a big drag or headwind relative to the growth that you’re seeing in our franchise brands, FURBY was down in the quarter by around 50% versus a year-ago. We told you in the last quarter’s call that 70% of the revenues would happen in the second half of the year. And again, order of magnitude, if you took Beyblade and FURBY together in Q3, up against a year-ago, we’re talking about an impact of $150-ish million relative to year-ago’s revenues. So that’s what you’re really seeing when you talk about some of the non-franchise headwinds and comping up against some very strong numbers a year-ago in both of those brands as a good perspective of why you see those differences.  In terms of building brand, I think we built a brand blueprint. We built the assets and we continue to hone our capabilities to launch our new brands and vault brands into the toy space, into the branded play space beyond just toys. We're building a model that enables us to do that and we’re adding capability all the time to create that. Also growing our franchise brands is very cost effective. They tend to have higher operating margins, launching of vault brand has similar high operating margins over time. There are investments that we make in our business all the time to build our business whether its MAGIC: THE GATHERING or MY LITTLE PONY content or TRANSFORMERS TV series or frankly working with PLAY-DOH in China with partners to make a PLAY-DOH TV series there, that’s all part of a modern branded play company going to market globally and enthralling audiences and consumers and our customers that we have the brands that have the momentum and are quite salient for the end users.
Brian Goldner: The impact for TV merchandise is fairly significant. As you can see whether you look at the MY LITTLE PONY business or the early days of building back our littlest touchup business, what we have done in TRANSFORMERS and certainly TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS which has contributed to our pre-school business and that Preschool show that’s out around the world. The changes we’ve made to the relationship on now Discovery Family was the hub really allows a couple of things to happen. First and foremost we still have a significant number of hours each day to program on that network which give us the opportunity to put up both our library shows as well as select new productions on to the network, and as you know that’s been one of the keys to unlocking our international TV efforts to have a domestic outlet to put shows on the air is critical to international broadcasters as they make their decisions for placement and so we continue to have that as an asset for us. So we believe we will continue to grow our TV related merchandise as we have, we think the thesis there is incredibly strong. Discovery now having more of the ownership and consolidation will continue to build what we’ve seen as an early strength of the network that’s co-viewing in primetime and Discovery obviously has libraries worth of programming and ideas for shows that should help us to build that primetime audience that co-viewing audience. And then the final point is that, Hasbro has the flexibility now in this new relationship to put select new shows or original productions outside of Discovery Family. You’ll note that we just announced that our new transformers TV series, ROBOTS IN DISGUISE that will go on the air early next year, will go directly to Cartoon Network because we feel that’s a better environment, a very strong environment to drive Boys ratings and to generate merchandise sales. So it’s a -- overall this move helps us to reinforce what we’ve done thus far and to strengthen our position going forward in television.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, if you look at TRANSFORMERS over the first three movies, two of the years right around $500 million and one year the middle year was closer to $600 million. We’ve said, the last movie year we’re tracking kind of comparable to that. Its very heartening for us with all the effort and the investments we’ve made in emerging markets not only to see the overall emerging market growth that we’ve experienced over the last several quarters and continued into this quarter, but to see transformers as a major calling card for our company into emerging markets to see audiences and consumers coming our and buying TRANSFORMERS and really enjoying the brand. And also to see the kind of success that we had in China. We know that’s a great long-term opportunity for our company to have TRANSFORMERS be such a ubiquitous and beloved property there, pertains very good things for our company as we continue to build in that region.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it’s again -- in percentage terms slightly more developed internationally and particularly I think it’s important, that within international territories you also -- have to also look at emerging markets versus developed economies. It’s very much what we talked to you back as early as even February and the year ago, that the pyramid of growth has been kind of turned a bit on its head as we continue to see the growth in multiplexes and malls globally, markets like Russia, China, Korea, Colombia, Brazil play a bigger role in our entertainment box office. The movie industry is certainly seeing that and we also are seeing that growth and enabling us to introduce new kids and new consumers to our brands and we’re seeing the up tick in sales a result.
Brian Goldner: Well, obviously the POS is strong behind sell-in and sort of running comparable to the sales, so we are seeing very strong global or international POS. We’re seeing some good POS building for TRANSFORMERS as we get into the third, into the fourth quarter. But again it’s definitely, if you look at -- look at the brand, TRANSFORMERS obviously is still up significantly versus a year ago and is contributing to the company this year. In the U.S. and internationally, and we continue to see TRANSFORMERS contributing significantly to our U.S. business versus the last movie. What we’re saying is that the sales are more diversified to the international markets. So we’re just giving you a perspective more longer term as it continue -- as Hasbro and the brand continue to be a more global company.
Brian Goldner: And obviously you’ve seen the results in our franchise brands and the POS are on our franchise brands has been equally strong, we talked about that, that again I think what we’re seeing. If you look at the holiday season into the U.S. not surprisingly a very selective consumer that’s buying the brands that are incredibly meaningful to them, our franchise brands are thus far been incredibly meaningful and our desired and I think we’ll continue to drive that into the holiday. Obviously the bulk of our media spend starts right around now and in through the holiday period and so, we think we’re set up well for this holiday season recognizing that sales continue to happen later and that the consumer is selective and we’re happy to see that they’re selecting a raft at Hasbro’s brands.
Brian Goldner: Sure. If we look at Preschool we have seen great global growth for one of our newest franchise brands and PLAY-DOH which continues to accelerate. It’s a play pattern that’s highly relevant to kids and did their parents globally. We are also seeing good strength where we have character base Preschool products like TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS where we’re seeing growth. I will say the core playschool business a couple of years ago, we really needed to focus in on making that business sustainable for the long-term which meant building back some of the profitability in that brand and ensuring that we can make great innovative products that our customers and Hasbro could make money on and to build unique innovation. So we’re willing to really focus in on the profit side and get to the right revenue level. I think now we’ll start to turn on and drive more of the revenue side having rethought the way to go forward in that business. And I do think that it requires a level of innovation and differentiation that we can provide in playschool. I think it’s just going to take a bit longer in our core business. But having seen a lot of our future products and where the innovation is going I’m very heartened that that teams got their arms around it and that you’ll be seeing some great products from playschool core over the next several years.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yes, so Backflip is our -- I won't say exactly what new initiatives they’re working on, obviously a highly competitive category. But they have a couple of at least one big franchise brand in DragonVale we’ll continue to work there. And then as we had always imagined that as we got through the early days we would start to focus in on Hasbro brands that would have great meaning to them, and they still have a very strong and continue to build on their network of daily active users and monthly active users and you’ll see Hasbro brands on the Backflip platform. If you’ve looked lately you may have seen a NERF Hoops App that’s really fun to play. That’s a little reminiscing of Paper Toss but now you get to play in a NERF environment which is quite fun and a network builder for us there and they will continue to launch a number of new games this year finishing this year ’14 and some pretty robust bus plans for 2015. So, again as we go long-term we’re very pleased with and excited to be in the mobile gaming space and a great team out at Backflip.
Brian Goldner: Number of years ago we used to talked about and, I mean I think I remember talking to you guys about building a seven layer cake. And today it’s more like 70 layer cake. And I think the teams have gotten incredibly smart about how to build more of a digital presence and the social media and digital presence we built recognizing that digital cost less out of pocket than over the air media, but requires expertise that we brought onboard inside the company, and we continue to build in that space. Advertising still has a very powerful, an immediate impact to the sales of our products when done well and so you’ll continue to see us investing in television and off-screens, short form media and long form media, so webisodes and shorts and all kind of videos. If you go online I’m sure you’ll see the ubiquity we’re building around our brands online to give kids and family short form content. You also see that we built our digital asset delivery so that as we look at online retailing you now get a full immerse of experience. You can get a virtual product experience in so many different ways online and get to make a purchase decision right there online and we’re doing that with lots of our retail partners. So marketing is just become more complex, not necessarily more costly given the expertise we’ve brought onboard, but certainly we are working in every element that matters to consumers and fans of our brands and building those new capabilities. And I do think that over time that roughly 10% (indiscernible) recognizing that we also view royalties as somewhat of a marketing expense. I have talked to you before about looking at those two lines together as a way to see the impact of our brands and that would in fact be the case. And then of course our own programming efforts and animation efforts add to that and have enabled us to build hundreds of million of dollars worth of merchandising sales for our brands around the animated stories we’re telling.
Brian Goldner: Thank you. Yes, so let’s start with Canada. As you know we’ve had some changes up there in retailers and retail strategies and obviously working through that with our partners. The demand profile in the market has been a bit different than the U.S. We’re now seeing some strong growth in POS in the third quarter, so double digit growth in POS in Canada in the third quarter. And so it’s lagging a little bit for us versus some of our shipments but we certainly have robust plans for the holiday season up there. But yes, as you know over the last year or two there has been some shaking out in changes within the retail landscape, and we’re just working through that. So, we don’t see there’s any long-term impact. In fact we continue to believe that Canada should perform fairly well this year. Second, in DohVinci we’re incredibly happy with the early results albeit early days. The consumer feedback has been fantastic its really a fun product line to play with and we believe we’re entering a really good -- with a really good new innovative product line in a great category and a great extension for DohVinci and we have seen good uptake not only here in the U.S. but in several markets around the world. And then finally Sesame Street I think that mostly in Sesame Street we had a very big Elmo last year, and that drives a lot of dollars as you know. So it can cloud or obfuscate that sort of results the underlying trends on that brand. And I think as we go forward we’re incredibly excited not only about Sesame Street in several countries but some very fun early results for Furchester in the U.K. and that TV series. And so I think that and some new leadership at Sesame Street. So all around I would say that long-term we can remain very excited about the Sesame Street business and we have some great product lineups coming up over both this year and in future years.
Brian Goldner: Yes, in China, right now we’re probably about breakeven recognizing that we said we’ll continue to invest in that market for the longer term to build it over time. As you know, this is just one example among many that TRANSFORMERS had such ubiquity in the box office and yet we’re still building points of distribution so that the majority of Chinese consumers can enjoy the brand from a product standpoint and licensing standpoint so that requires additional investments and we’re building our joint venture relationship with Alpha (indiscernible) and it was also luckily the year of the PONY, so MY LITTLE PONY got a good shot in the arm, but we continue to build that brand in that market place as well. We again see China long-term as a great opportunity for us. But it’s not time to just start to look only at profitability as the key criteria for that market. We see many years of revenues, growth and we’ll get to profitability over a period. But first we want to build the ubiquity of our brands in line with the story telling that we’re putting into the market.
Brian Goldner: Yes, let me start with Hearthstone. Our game is both in analog and digital game and the power of that brand is in the ability to have 100s of 1000s of face-to-face tournaments going on around the world every year and to have players engage in the analog business as well as the digital business, and we’ll continue to build upon both lines. The brand is related and releases do make a big difference to that brand, but that’s not a new phenomenon and it continues as we’ve said. It’s a brand that tends to go more release driven than more seasonally driven. And we’ve talked about that over a long period of time and so there are bigger and smaller releases of characteristic going on over time. There’s a curation that that team goes through to really work with their fans and understand how best to layout the story over time. And so that continues to be a story telling led brand that’s enjoyed both in analog that is completely unique to the market place and have nothing to do with some of the light digital games that are out there from competitors. We do in fact have a light game as well that can be played on the iPad that Duals with the Planeswalkers. And then a much more immersive game in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online which our fans quite like and we’ll continue to drive and invest in both sides of that. As it comes to the Marvel business, Marvel was a significant contributor to our business. This quarter we expect that Marvel will continue to contribute over many years to come as will Star Wars. We have seen a great impact to the partnering Marvel becoming part of the Walt Disney Company, Walt Disney’s Global Scope and Scale has helped Marvel to become more of a global brand. The Box Office results as we see more and more audience and members going out around the world and watching movies globally. The Box Office being more internationally focused are relative to the U.S. Box Office. The proportion of international to the U.S. box office has been helpful in building that brand out around the world. And our marketing partnership in putting great innovative products out around the world for example, the TITAN hero series, the 12 inch figures that sell at an SRP of about $9.99 have really helped in emerging markets, allow young kids to get great product in their hands at a very value oriented price point. So it’s the innovative product lines like Mashups and TITAN HEROES series, MASHERS as well as what Marvel and Disney have done to build the global footprint of the label and the movie successes. As well as where they’re putting the animation out around the world all helps to contribute to make that brand a more global brand, that’s why we’re so excited not only about 2014 but many years to come for both Marvel and Lucas film.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so year-to-date Magic is up mid single digits. In the quarter it was up double digits. So it’s the momentum is building but Magic year-to-date through the third quarter was up.
Brian Goldner: I think if you look at what we’ve done in our gross business, the team has done a phenomenal job and customers and consumers around the world are really enjoying the innovation. The consumer insight that we brought to those brands, the story telling and what we can do as an IP owner in building out the MY LITTLE PONY business, the EQUESTRIA GIRLS business and what we’re now doing with Littlest Pet Shop. And I think that was first and foremost recognized by the Walt Disney Company as great innovative company that’s growing significantly in the Girls space. So, we obviously think that Disney will have a significant positive impact in adding Princess and Frozen in 2016, we’re not going to size the business for you. But to say that, as we’ve said before we really feel like our girls business is in the early innings of what's possible. Our brands have just begun to grow over the last few years in a more significant way and we feel very good about the new relationship and we will begin shipping the line in 2016.
Deb Thomas: I think it’s really been consistent. As you head into the all important holiday season, our expectation is that we’ll see -- certainly from our standpoint we have had that consistent momentum, but we are heading into the all important holiday season. When I think all retailers are hoping that the POS picks up overall.
Deb Thomas: Well really the biggest impact on royalties this year was the mix and we did put a reconciliation in, because last year we had an impact on royalties from the settlement of an arbitration award and we had an impact this year. So, year-on-year it’s up a bit. Its mostly due to product mix, but for the full year we still expect to land about that five year average of I think 7.3% was the five year average and we were contracting along that rate earlier in the year as well.
Deb Thomas: That’s a good question Mike, because we saw the U.S. dollar really strengthen significantly in September. And while we do have significant hedges for our transaction exposure particularly product purchases and royalties we don’t hedge a 100%, so we did have a little bit of an impact in Q3. But we have significant hedges in place for ’14 and ’15 right now, so that’s on the product side but again not 100%. But based on our revenue mix the translation piece is the bigger piece. So if you think about and we disclosed this in our 10-K last year about 55% of our revenues are U.S. dollar based revenues is because of how we sell them into the market, but the euro is our next biggest exposure and that was about 18% of our 2013 revenues. So if the euro was to stay at levels that it’s at currently last years Q4 revenues would have been about $20 million lower than they actually were. So, if you kind of think about that about 18% of full year revenue our euro based and as the dollar strengthens and the euro declines against it that does have an impact. Our next biggest exposure was the pound but that’s only about 5%. So that doesn’t have as significant an impact. And when you think about that flowing through to the bottom line there’s a bit on our un-hedged portion of inventory and that’s what we saw in the quarter just because of the precipitous decline that happened in September. But we have hedged probably about 75% to 80% of our product purchases euro based right now. So that’s less of an impact but the translation impact could be significant and it tends to be about 10% to 15% of the top line impact on the bottom line.
Deb Thomas: No I think Tim, from an amortizations standpoint we remained comfortable with what we had in the 10-K because that included the Backflip which was the big update we had. So as we see things trending out we remain comfortable that that was a consistent expectation.
