Brian Goldner: Good morning, Sean. Yeah, if we look at MAGIC business, it is clearly driven by releases. And as we were looking at 2013 year-to-date versus ‘14, last year we had our large and a small release in the first half of the year. And this year we had two small set. And yet MAGIC year-to-date is basically flat. As we go into the fall, the MAGIC team will talk this week at Comic-Con and begin their talk about the size of each of the releases and what's coming up. So we haven’t really talked yet about what that is. But overall again looking at MAGIC, the growth internationally, where we are so far year-to-date, the size of the sets that we put out. We feel good about the MAGIC business and we are investing to continue to build the business, focused on the MAGIC online business so that we can run more concurrent gaming sessions more broadly and more online tournaments. And so we’re building our capabilities there and that is some of the investment Deb had spoken to. So we feel very good about MAGIC. So far this year, we feel we're in a solid -- solid place and a strong position as we go into the second half of the year.
Brian Goldner: Actually MAGIC was down very little, very small percentages in the quarter. More of the decline would be related to example, a brand like TWISTER in terms of the dollar impact. And if we look at the overall games business, actually in games, very focused on particularly the impact was more in the U.S. on the games. Games declined in the quarter and our POS on games in the U.S. and around the world in several places but in the U.S., it was up sharply. It was up double digits in POS and our inventory on games in the U.S. was down double digits in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: It really speaks to the strategy we've talked about how we’re executing this strategy, focusing our product lines, categories and brands where they sell the most recognizing retailers focus on just-in-time inventory. So this is consistent with the plan as we’ve executed them. And to us, the most important element in our games business is the innovation that's on the way and coming for the third and fourth quarter, whether you're talking about the new ANGRY BIRDS STELLA lineup for the pink bird or Scrabble showdown, MY MONOPOLY or our action gaming in Battle Masters and a raft of great Disney games that have come in the third and fourth quarter, including Disney Princess, Frozen games, even one of my personal favorites, Olaf’s in Trouble. You’ve got a lot of major games initiatives coming for the third and fourth quarters, which as you know, historically has always been a more pronounced part of our business. And so I think this is reflective of a strategy that we were executing in line with the insights and retail insights that we saw coming from retailers. And it’s just being born out as we execute this year as planned. So we feel very comfortable with our games business. We’ve never seen such a good lineup of innovation coming for the third and fourth quarter. And if I look at the POS, it wasn't just up for couple of games categories. Across different categories and consumer groups and games in the second quarter in the U.S., we saw a great growth, double-digit growth. So whether it's team gaming, whether it's preschool gaming, whatever it might be, we’re seeing some great growth across those different segment…
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Thanks Steph. So if you look at inventory at retail and let’s use the U.S. data, inventory at retail in the U.S. in toy was down single digits but in games was down double digits, significant double digit. And if you pair that with our POS, our POS in toy was up double digits and in games was up double digits. So as we are executing our plan, we feel comfortable that the growth in inventory that you're seeing in our numbers, is all related to high-quality inventory, a lots of these new initiatives that are shipping for the third and fourth quarters but obviously this inventory particularly focused on the third quarter. And across different gaming segments, we have a number of major new innovations coming whether you're talking about our past and party games, the action gaming category like Battle Masters, MY MONOPOLY that’s coming in the family gaming arena, Scrabble Showdown with them, an exciting marketing plan in Scrabble Showdown coming. So all those elements for us make us feel very comfortable that we're in a good position and it’s very consistent with the insights, the retail insights that we've seen and we talk to you guys about over the last year or two, as we re-imagine the way the U.S. business would execute its strategy and as we’ve executed the plan this year and going into the third and fourth quarter.
Brian Goldner: We feel really good about not only the box office, which as you note is giant and certainly growing in all those places we’ve talked about over many quarters where we've seen the growth in multiplexes and the consumer that wants to go out to the movies, the movie theaters that are being built particularly in emerging markets and internationally besides the box office. And I would say that our results overall in the quarter for TRANSFORMERS were very good. And we feel very good about the new innovation across both the toy and game category where we put out a very different kind of product line, a more expansive line, brought back in a lot of those innovations for the younger kids and we've seen that reflected in our takeaway. And then looking out over the remainder of the year, remember all three of the prior TRANSFORMERS movies, we did far more business in the third and fourth quarter than in the first half of the year. And we would imagine that to be true here as well. And so as we get into the third and fourth quarter, into the entertainment windows and home entertainment, we would continue to believe that we’ll do more business in the second half of the year than the first. That's been the case for this brand and for boys’ action. But we’re very pleased thus far with the results.
Brian Goldner: If you look at the Hub, the performance of the Hub over the last several quarters has been quite good. It’s continued to grow over the last several quarters. And we’ve had a very good recent performance and are seeing our highest levels of girls coming to the network and continue to be the most highly viewed, co-viewed network in percentage terms with parents and kids. So we think that that’s one of the sweet spots of the Hub is that family viewing and family entertainment. We really give Margaret and her team a lot of credit for what they've developed. It's a network that has far better ratings today than when we first started. It's distributed more broadly today than we first started. Our affiliate fees are higher as are our ad sales, and we’re profitable in the quarter. Margaret’s taken the decision that at the end of the year she would like to go do something else. It would have been five years with her at the helm. Obviously, four of those years since launch because we hired her about a year before we launched. And it does give us an opportunity, both parents of the network an opportunity to look at where we take the network, how do we play to the strengths of both parents and continue to drive the momentum in the Hub. We are very committed to our TV strategy to the Hub, to our partnership with Discovery, and to building a great kids television presence both here in the U.S. and around the world.
Brian Goldner: We have an opportunity to take all that Margaret and the team have built and continue to accelerate that growth. We think that’s family entertaining and entertainment space, where we look at our brands that resonates so well across generations, the growth of the Hub itself and the fact that our brands will lead the way in terms of ratings, what we’ve been able to do between the Hub and then distributing and streaming platforms outside the Hub, the over-the-top providers both here in the U.S. and around the world. We see a real opportunity as does Discovery. They are great partners. David Zaslav and his team are tremendous partners and have been, and we want to continue to build this business and we’re very committed to the Hub and some of the initial successes we’ve had. Remember when we first got together back in fall 2010, we talked about that three to five-year time horizon to really find the footing for the Hub, and where it will go and what will it be as a network and by this October, we will be four years into our effort. And so it’s a good time to continue to up our game and to look at how to build the Hub.
Brian Goldner: Yes, no, it’s very consistent with what we’ve talked about. I think Magic is the most challenging sometimes for people to look at, because it isn’t really seasonally driven. It is really a story that’s told through the card releases. I think a good perspective for you is the fact that Magic is basically flat year-to-date, it was up in the quarter internationally and down in the U.S. only slightly. So, again it wasn’t a giant decline, it was just a slight decline. And the fact is a year ago we had both a large set and a small set, and this year we only had two small sets. So, that speaks to what’s going on with the consumer base and the user base, the game players, the most recent launches of things like Conspiracy that just happened in June, the core set that’s coming up, the 2015 core set, and the amount of casual game playing that’s going on, the Duels of the Planeswalkers which is our casual entry level point doing well. So all those elements say to us it’s a building blocks on the year, it hasn’t really changed versus what we said last time, but we’re just giving you more color as the year unfolds.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, Eric, first question on Latin America, we made our early shipments about the same time but recognize that the takeaway starts to accelerate after the World Cup, after all the marketing kicks in around the launch of the movie. And then remember that as we go into the third quarter, we do expect third and fourth quarter business to be far bigger than the first and second quarter, that’s very consistent with the prior films. So yes, Latin America and some of the other markets that were delayed relative to the World Cup will have a slightly bigger impact to what are already larger numbers coming for the third and fourth quarter that would be our expectation. So I don’t think that it would have a significant impact other than altering the otherwise planned out trajectory, which does have us a bigger numbers in the third and fourth quarter. In terms of China, the result both this year as well the impact that we’re seeing in China for us portends incredibly good things over the next several years. Remember that TRANSFORMERS was a brand that had its history in the 1980s in animation in China, so you have this great bimodal appeal of the brand with adults, fans as well as young people coming into the brand. The brand has performed very, very well. So it again will have meaning for us in China this year, but also sees this brand, it’s why TRANSFORMERS is such a powerful franchise brand for us, and as a franchise brand the potential to grow over many years, of course many categories and geography. And also we’ve worked on building our distribution in China. We have a strategic alliance with all the domestic Chinese company that would enable us to get to more points of distribution over time. So again, this is a multiyear plan and this year’s movie results and the tremendous job that Paramount did to us really just sets the table for several years into the future of what we’re seeing there for TRANSFORMERS. In terms of Magic and competitors, the brand you note is a very casual brand, that’s more focused on action. It would be more analogous to our Duels of the Planeswalkers product which is for entry level and it’s played on the iPad in a casual way. Magic has a very deep strategic root 20-year history. The analog card game is still the most important element of that business, the fact that people are playing face-to-face, the fact that we are executing so many face-to-face tournaments in so many geographies on a regular basis, tournaments going on literally all the time around the world, and that differentiates Magic versus a lot of competitors, that organized gameplay organization that Magic team has in place, the ability to go out and execute that. Then Magic online gives us the opportunity to allow players to play at great distances and also to reignite players who may be dormant because they don’t have a lot of friends around who used to play Magic with them. So it’s a very different, much more deeply seated strategic gameplay in Magic. We take all competition seriously, but I would tell you that they are different games.
Brian Goldner: You also have the fact as we grow revenues off of a relatively fixed cost base, it’s what we talked about that international markets over time should begin to -- operating margins should begin to look more like company average operating margins.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We really look at -- if you really look at what’s going on with Wizards of the Coast year-to-date, it’s more about Duel Masters, the Japanese trading card game being down. As we said, Magic’s performance is flat year-to-date. I don’t want to steal the team’s thunder. They are going to tease one of the new releases at Comic-Con this week coming into the week and the plans are very robust for Magic for the remainder of the year. But again, the team would like to reveal those in the right time, in the right way, and we’re really focused on our game players and fans and we don’t want to ruin any of the great surprises and fun they have in stores as they play the game. And so I don’t want to guide you there, but I will tell you that they built a great business, that business has grown and more than doubled over the last number of years. And so I had great confidence in that team as they built the plans for this year and into ’15 and beyond. If we look at the POS across categories, POS was up and I will use U.S. and then go to International. POS and toy was up double digits and game was up double digits in the U.S. In Boys, it was up double digits; in Girls, it was up double digits; in Games, it was up double digits as I said; and in Preschool, POS was up double digits. So across all our segment categories, POS was up double digits. As we go to international markets where we have specific syndicated POS data, POS was up double digits in Canada and double digits in Mexico, double digits in the U.K., high single digits in Germany, was down a little bit in Australia, down a bit in France and down a bit more in Spain.
Brian Goldner: Well, we have results in Latin America. We don't get syndicated data in the same way. Obviously, we have seen great results in the market in Brazil. We have seen our results obviously are very strong in Brazil. The market is growing and we’re growing faster. Our market share is growing. And around South America, Latin America, we feel good at several of the markets, actually all of our markets down there really looking good and the results there are very strong. We even had a brand like Furby, which is challenged in the rest of the world. They grew in Latin America in the second quarter and that’s what we’re talking about as we roll out to non-English speaking markets. Playskool grew in Latin America as it did in Asia-Pacific. In fact, Playskool grew internationally in the quarter, just not in the U.S. and not overall. So we’re seeing again the strength in our portfolio and the strength in growth across several of our initiatives in these regions.
Brian Goldner: And then Tim, the other pieces is -- and then, we’re also seeing growth in market share so the last two. So, growth in market share in the dolls business and in Girls, growth in markets share in outdoor and sports and growth in market share in games.
Brian Goldner: Well, our NERF business, our NERF brand and business were up in the quarter and our POS was up and our market share was up. So I would say, we’re focused on executing our plan for the year and we feel very good about the results in N-Strike and as well as in our Zombie Strike product and we have several new initiatives lined up for the third and fourth quarter in NERF. So we just continue with the innovation and great marketing and the team has done a great job.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Drew, thanks for the question. The Furby business, I should give you a kind of little color on it, because I think we’re seeing some impact in the second quarter on challenging comparisons to Furby and we’ll see that through the remainder of the year. As I mentioned, Furby in the second quarter was up in Latin America, so you have some mitigating elements. But overall, Furby is clearly one of the two big headwinds we cited early in the year, the other one being Beyblade. In the second quarter, Furby’s decline overall and Beyblade’s decline were similar. And we actually saw that Furby had a bigger impact than Beyblade in Europe and in Asia-Pacific, where Furby was very big a year ago. So Beyblade’s impact starts to diminish, Furby’s impact gets bigger in the third and fourth quarter. Having said that, we feel very good about the momentum in our Girls business and in the third and fourth quarter, you will see the Rainbow Rocks movie coming for Equestria Girls, Rainbow Power coming for MY LITTLE PONY. So we are as the team would say very Rainbowfied for the third and fourth quarter this year in that brand. Littlest Pet Shop’s, new product comes into the market related to the TV series. It's been out on the air in 130 plus geographies over several quarters and so that comes in for the third and fourth quarter. And we have a raft of really fun play in lots of other categories in Rebelle coming. And then even in other elements of our kind of Girls games business, we have really fun Disney Princess product lined up for the third and fourth quarter. And again, we feel very good about the plans for our Girls business going into the holiday season.
Brian Goldner: I don’t think we give those specific numbers, but Backflip did contribute to games and would be noted inside of digital gaming.
Brian Goldner: It was all organic thus far, but the plan over time is in the next year or two will start to really activate that across some new IP as well as some of our other brands.
Brian Goldner: It’s exciting. It's just launching this week. We’ve always said and we talk to you guys about the modern boy and the modern girl and what we’re seeing in play. We want to revolutionize play and one of the big areas there is the creative makers, people who want to have their hand in making their own playthings with the brands and the play places they want to go. And we’re going to give them the opportunity, the enabling technology, Shapeways is a great partner. We wanted to start with Superfanart.com, which, as you know, launches an artist because there there's been a lot of interest among our fans for new art and art that has been created by both artists as well as fans. But you will see us continue to build product that allows people to customize and to contribute and to curate to that brand and that's like MY LITTLE PONY POP, that Hero Mashers already on the mass customization level. And then on the far end will be those folks who really want to create their own play things as well as their own engagement, the way they want in our brands. And so, we’re going to satisfy the desires of all of our fans and kids and adults alike.
Brian Goldner: Not sure how we normalize them. These are the results of the quarter. So just as in first quarter, we didn’t normalize, we didn’t pick, put it back in Easter. So now these are the results that we got. We think it’s pretty reflective of what we’re seeing over-the-counter. And I would say, in the U.S. remember, Easter is really most impacted in U.S. Easter to Easter, we didn't see much variation year-on-year. So I would say that obviously just as in the calendar. Yeah.
Brian Goldner: We have focused on engaging the consumers and our fans and audiences digitally that comes in a lot of forms including content that's available ubiquitously and allows for young people and families and adults in some cases to view our content anytime and anywhere they want. It has a lot to do with the game play and gaming, whether it's from Backflip or whether it's from EA or Activision or DNA or Gameloft providing game playing experiences that feed back into the brand and the brand experience. In the marketing area, we have significantly increased our digital engagement, as well as social engagement with our brands. Look at the MONOPOLY site as people vote and millions and millions of people are getting involved in the House Rules MONOPOLY or Scrabble Showdown. So there's all kinds of digital and digital marketing that we’re doing and we will continue to increase those percentages. And that will have -- we think a change because obviously, the out-of-pocket costs for those initiatives are different. Although the CPMs might be viewed as higher the out-of-pocket costs are probably different. But then combine that with the acceleration in growth in some of our emerging markets where we do want to invest in advertising in the early quarters because we are seeing momentum there and we want to continue to grow those businesses. But again, I’d echo what Deb said earlier, which is for the full year, we would expect the numbers in advertising to normalize and obviously, royalties to be a bit higher in a strong entertainment year.
Deb Thomas: And our inventory that we’re holding as well, Steph, it’s of good quality. And it's geographically more importantly where we needed to be to meet consumer demand. So two thirds of our inventory is actually held outside of the U.S. And in addition to that, we also took in slightly more inventory in the U.S. during the quarter as part of our contingency plan related to the potential West Coast port labor strike that we’re all facing. So our inventory is of good quality and it's positioning us well for the holiday season.
Deb Thomas: Certainly, Jaime. Good morning. Internationally, I think you’re seeing a lot of kind of what we talked about for the company overall. It really is mix driven. And also, you are seeing the benefits of our cost savings initiatives. So in International, some of our costs have come and given the mix of heavily entertainment driven products, which tend to carry higher gross margins, a little bit higher royalties, the higher gross margins, you’re really seeing that mix plays real combined with our cost savings initiatives.
Deb Thomas: I think overall Drew that would still be our expectation for 2014. I think what you have is just really the mix of products in the market, that’s driving both at the same time.
