Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, good morning. And we did see very strong growth for MAGIC: THE GATHERING and the increased growth for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. And for MAGIC, it really was growth in two fronts. First, our tabletop game grew substantially and that brings a lot of new players and unique players into the game, so we saw growth in unique players. And we also saw growth for all the events. And our revenue for tabletop was up. And of course, in the fourth quarter, it was down as we had described because of the release cadence and the release timing. We've seen a lot of engagement across an array of new offerings there. For MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena we saw great growth for the brand. That aspect of the brand throughout the year. MAGIC Arena was ranked as a top e-sports brand number seven, it was also one of the top 10 reviewed games for Metacritic. We've seen over 1.8 billion games played thus far. 72% growth in new players for the year, and on average MAGIC players -- Arena players continue to spend about 8 hours a week. We're also seeing incredible streaming metrics 43% growth in viewer hours year-to-year. We're seeing over 70,000 streamers since the open beta, and it continues to be a top 20 game on Twitch week-to-week. In January, just a few weeks ago, we began the launch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena on the Epic Game Store. So that gives us access to 100 million PC gamers and we're just ramping up the marketing to bring in more MAGIC players as we go forward. We're very excited about some other new initiatives that will continue to drive our partnership with Tencent. We'll also talk more about our migration to mobile. And Chris will outline our 2020 plans on the 21st. In addition, for D&D, we did see our sixth straight year of growth. We are seeing about 150 million hours of content viewed on Twitch and YouTube which is up nearly 50% year-on-year. In the first half of 2020, we're seeing a lot of new initiatives coming for the brand. But again, I'm going to let Chris walk us through at our Analyst Day, our plans for digital gaming which are again substantial for D&D that begins in 2020.
Brian Goldner: Sure. It's great now to have Hasbro and eOne come together as a company. Together we'll focus in three major areas that we'll continue to talk about. Certainly, entertainment and storytelling, and they're profitable entertainment business and driving more Hasbro IP across storytelling platforms, our gaming business and then consumer products including toys and games. We continue to see the top growth drivers of the toy and game industry all being associated with both storytelling as well as engagement across gaming and storytelling. So we also see of course that streaming is going to play an increasingly important role. We can talk more about that. So immediately we add PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS and RICKY ZOOM to our portfolio. The team's done a great job there, and we expect additional growth. We're also beginning to partner together between eOne and Hasbro teams to reimagine brands like MY LITTLE PONY. As you know in 2019, it was our ninth season, final season for the current MY LITTLE PONY TV series and now the teams taking up the mantle on MY LITTLE PONY in earnest for our plans in 2021 and beyond that would include our animated feature film as well as new television for that brand; such great opportunities as the teams [indiscernible], and we won't talk about all those initiatives today but certainly over the next several weeks and months you will see more Hasbro IP come to the market via incredible talent and expertise at eOne.
Brian Goldner: NERF made substantial progress in 2019. In fact, in the U.S. where we had all of our new innovation including NERF Ultra as well as the Fortnite line in the marketplace, we really saw very good momentum for the brand. In fact we were up in POS online, where consumers have direct access to their favourite blasters. We grew market share in the blasters category as we describe for the global business, and overall, our sales for the brand were only down very low single digits in the fourth quarter, so we expect that momentum to pick up as we now get the access to new innovation that will go out globally. We have several new innovative launches coming in 2020 as well. The brand is still our top brand for the company and we also saw that the brand enjoyed some of our top sellers over the holidays online included both Fortnite as well as our Ultra one product. So again, very enthusiastic about the brand, [Indiscernible] believes fully in long term growth prospects for the brand, and believe that 2020 is a pivotal year as we bring more innovation and we bring the momentum we've seen in the U.S. And actually in a few other territories around the world, NERF has continued to perform well, and we'll bring that all to bear in 2020.
Brian Goldner: Sure. You know, first and foremost, we talked about our plans for 2020 now include eOne and so of course we immediately add brands like PEPPA PIG, PJ MASKS and RICKY ZOOM so that the comparisons that we had had historically now are no longer relevant as we sort of step forward and beyond what was our expectation for 2020 to look somewhat like 2017. Having said that, in the underlying toy industry, we've noted a few of the headwinds. We do expect to continue to grow profitably that underlying Hasbro business in revenues and to continue to grow our operating margin over time as we continue to make progress around gaming and our consumer products business, entertainment licensing and digital. And so I'd say that we're now moving ahead into 2020 as we operate as one company with Hasbro and eOne. As we look out over the time horizon, clearly, we believe the substantial growth opportunity over the next several years through 2022 as we've outlined for you as part of the acquisition. The POS, we talked a bit about on the call clearly North America saw some growth globally for the full year. POS last was down literally low single digits, and then again, as we -- as we look at the business, we see some really substantial growth around for the full year around our toy business. We see obviously substantial growth around our partner business and brands. I'd also say, we wanted to look at year-to-date because we have seen some really good momentum year-to-date in the U.S. Our POS year-to-date is up 10% and in Europe our POS is up as well. So again, as we moderated those declines in the fourth quarter, we're seeing gains in Europe beginning for the first quarter 2020. And again, it was a -- it was a late holiday. We saw that momentum build around the holidays and we saw very good performance from several of our brands recognizing that brands like MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Transformers faced year-on-year headwinds. Transformers from the fact that there had been a movie the prior year, and MAGIC, we talked about the release cadence how the fourth quarter of 2019 would be lower than the prior year given the release cadence of the brand over that period.
Brian Goldner: RICKY ZOOM’s had a great start. It's seen hundreds of millions of streams coming off of Yoku in China as well rolling out around the world, and I think the team is going to talk about the second season of Ricky coming shortly, but I'll let them describe that to you or for you at Toy Fair.
Brian Goldner: Now, in terms of Disney, we've had a very strong year together and very successful partnership that continues in 2019 and into 2020. Now first and foremost, partnership with Disney on Frozen 2 was amazing. We are -- Hasbro is the leading company on the Frozen property. Thus far we expect to continue to see strong results in 2020. The home entertainment window is going on now with that new innovative products from our teams. We're also driving our PRINCESS business, Mulan comes in March and we have Raya, the last Dragon that comes in the fall. We're also seeing the great impact from Disney Plus, the fact that the library of Disney PRINCESS films are now available together, only gives us more opportunity to continue to work with Disney to bring to life those characters in product and we see a major of course expansion of Disney Plus across Europe in 2020, which benefits us. In the holidays, the castle was among the top sellers, they earned [ph] their Castle for Frozen. For Marvel, we had a tremendous year around Avengers, as well as with Spiderman. We also focus on the fan economy with the Marvel 80th product, the 80th year product. So again, its a very strong partnership. And for Star Wars, we saw great results around Star Wars both from Triple Force Friday in support of the Rise of Skywalker, as well as for the Mandalorian. We're incredibly excited that the Mandalorian Season 2 will come to Disney Plus this fall. We're also seeing and will have great support around the Clone Wars, which is the seventh season which comes to Disney Plus in the spring. And again, we continue to drive and support the brand. I'll give you all that as backdrop for how we work in such a substantial way with the Walt Disney Company. We continue engagement with them and while we take nothing for granted, we believe we will continue to be a partner of choice across these properties in to the future.
Brian Goldner: We saw across each of the discrete parts of the entertainment, licensing and digital business. Our consumer products licensing business is up. Our digital gaming business was up with a number of our digital games with partners performing incredibly well including YAHTZEE With Buddies! which is a top 50 game on the Apple app store. We had a new monopoly game launching from Marmalade Studios that launched in December and charted as number one as it launched. Our POWER RANGERS digital games continue to performed well. And in first quarter 2020 we have a G.I. Joe game in support of the brand called G.I. Joe War and Cobra launches in Q1, as well as a SCRABBLE go game that were launch from Scopely in Q1. So digital gaming grew, our entertainment business grew, and our Wizards digital business all grew in 2019. Arena grew throughout the year. Arena grew in the fourth quarter offset by a bit of decline in legacy MAGIC: THE GATHERING online business, but overall Arena had a fantastic year and we expect continued progress as I outlined the expansion of the brand across multiple platforms for 2020.
Brian Goldner: And for POWER RANGERS it was a great year on Beast Morphers who was a strong year one recognized that the bulk of our business really didn't began until the second quarter in 2019. In 2020, we have the benefit of the full year. And as we look at our ratings on Nickelodeon, we are number one in our time slot for kids two to 11. Season 2 of Beast Morphers launches Q1 in North America and then rollout globally. We're very excited about the brand because we continue to execute in gaming, in consumer products, in toys and games and we'll also add an array of experiences, live experiences for the brand as we rollout globally. So we believe in the growth prospects of the brand. And the teams are very excited about executing across the blueprint.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So for Star Wars, its great to see the level of brand engagement that's coming from the fan. But also its really impressive to see how kids are coming into the brand and their engagement that comes from both the Rise of Skywalker as well as for the Mandalorian, We are very excited to see the Mandalorian Season 2 coming later this fall. Disney Plus also has the Clone Wars that are on in the spring. There's also a live-action kids game show called Jedi Temple Challenge, which we think we'll continue to engage kids. And then of course, they have two major theme park launches for Galaxy's Edge, both at Disney World and Disneyland. We think all of that is -- all adds to the engagement around the Star Wars brand and we're seeing that in the results. Certainly, we've seen great growth of our Black Series and the fan-oriented product, but we're also seeing engagement around Lightsabers and role play that are expressly designed and made for kids. We think the brand continues to perform very well in 2020. We're obviously excited about the home entertainment windows for Star Wars, of course, as well as for Frozen. And we believe that will just continue to add to engagement. I think that this is a property, as Disney's outlined, that will perform both in film, but also in television and continue to evolve as a property that will be in stream television via Disney Plus and engage fans and families in that way. I think that as we sort of step back, we think that this streaming entertainment that also engages people in other attributes of brands including merchandising and consumer products is the next watchword for our industry and for the category. And it's perfectly timed with our efforts with the one that we develop our properties for television and for film.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Sure. The inventory levels in the U.S. are up just slightly. And so, yes, the POS trends we're seeing are in excess of the inventory level increase that we've seen. And we do feel good about the momentum in the brand. We're seeing great takeaway at retail. Lots of engagement around several of our properties. Lots of new initiatives coming for Q1. We've outlined just a few on the call today. But certainly the home entertainment windows coming for both Star Wars and for Frozen -- with Frozen home entertainment window beginning today is certainly incredibly helpful as we engage more kids, fans, and families in those brands. So it's very exciting. It's a great start to 2020.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Our e-commerce business was up substantially in 2019 far in excess of our underlying POS gains. And we've seen incredible growth in both pure play e-commerce, as well as with omni channel. We see our retailers gaining share in those areas. We've seen that for e-com players as well as omni-channel competitors. And our products on e-commerce performed incredibly well with top sellers have included products from Frozen from NERF, and are FurReal Cubby, which enabled FurReal to regain its status as the number one brand in that space. We see Hasbro Games, particularly classic games over the holidays performing very well. And we have seen a several percentage point increase in our overall sales and e-commerce as a percent of total. And so I would expect that e-commerce sales as a percent of total now should be in the low 20s. We're just looking at some final numbers there. But again, we expect that to continue to progress year to date 2020. E-com sales continue to be several fold stronger than underlying retail sales and underlying retail sales are good. So again as we give consumers direct access to our products either through e-commerce, through omni channel, they are making the choice for several of Hasbro's brands and our innovative products.
Brian Goldner: Well, right now we're really focused on the -- with the teams on engagement and getting several of our initiatives and their initiatives off into the market. In addition to the pre-school and kids initiatives that they have in market today they are taking on board some of Hasbro IP, as well as they have some new original creations that will come out in the market over the next couple of years. We're very focused on the revenue synergies and also achieving and hopefully going beyond on our cost synergy side on the guidance that we've provided to you. And that in due course we'll take up the question of whether there are opportunities for elements of the business that may not be core strategic. But our focus right now is great momentum as we come together as one team achieving that cost synergies and beginning to stand up the revenue synergies that you'll see impact our business over the next number of years.
Brian Goldner: We're engaged with YouTube to fully understand where those changes will come out. Obviously, we abide by all of the relevant rules not only for YouTube, but for CERO and other governing regulatory bodies and of course, we want to ensure the safety of kids as they view content on the Internet. And so, I'd say that's a an ongoing conversation and we'll probably give you more color over the next few months.
Brian Goldner: Well, what's been fantastic is the success that the Walt Disney Company has seen with Disney Plus. We're very happy to see the success that they're having, the number of subscribers into the tens of millions. And the engagement with properties like Mandalorian. We believe that that's just the beginning of this next phase of engagement for fans and families around the world and it really portends great things as we look at our efforts with eOne to develop Hasbro IP for multiple platforms to drive storytelling and engagement of our brands. What we've seen across the industry is that the top growth drivers in the traditional toy and game industry are all associated with storytelling as well as engagement across platforms like gaming and other experiences. Just think about in the NERF business alone the impact from Fortnite. And as we've been able to develop innovative line for a Fortnite or as Mandalorian has really captured the imagination of fans, families, kids, just our opportunity there, even beyond the child and some of those products the fact that the Black Series products from the Mandalorian were selling so strongly over the holidays. It all says that people really want to engage with great character and story. It's been our belief all along, that's how we've oriented our company and that's why we'll continue to lead. And also how we're able to engage people in an online and omnichannel e-commerce world, the opportunity to connect content with commerce is incredibly compelling.
Brian Goldner: I'll take the first one and Deb can walk you through the second question. The answer to the second question. If I step back historically a bit, back in the days where DVDs were the way in which people saw home entertainment. We saw incredible impact from the launch of the DVDs as it came into the home. It engaged the family, engaged kids, who want to view content over and over again. We're really seeing the return of that kind of heyday of home entertainment enjoyment now through streaming services, and through electronic sell through windows, as well as for the DVD business. So home entertainment is back to at its pinnacle of success, in engaging fans and families. The opportunity for kids to see content over and over again, for families to enjoy that content and to also share it with younger siblings, who may or may not have made the trip to the theatre, but certainly can watch the content along with family and friends at home. The fact that more people are watching content at homes through stream services also benefits us, and we're seeing that across our business. So I expect that Home Entertainment will continue to increase in importance. That streaming services will continue to play an important role, and I think an increasingly important role over time as we now connect these great stories with people's desire to engage with brands across multiple platforms. And we're very excited about it. We're entering a next era of consumer and audience engagement.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a supply chain standpoint we did mention that, with the changes to domestic versus direct import shipping and we're still saying, we saw some higher domestic shipping it's requiring more cost particularly in North America as we add additional warehouses. You don't see the impact on the full year as strong as we did on the third quarter, where we talked quite a bit about it. But that is a reality, it's a slightly higher cost. That being said, our ocean freight contracts are looking good go-forward and our airfreight contract, so are actually bringing product here if its coming to the U.S. is a bit less expensive. However, it's a matter of moving it through the supply chain when it gets here. But we do think that that mitigate out and of course, we look at that when we set our overall pricing for our product.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a gross margins standpoint, we really did see the impact of the benefit of the high entertainment related property that we talked about the great movie from -- actually Brian just talked about the great movies that came in the fourth quarter from our partners at Disney. So those properties tend to carry a higher gross margin, because they've royalties to offset a bit further down the P&L or to go against them, I shouldn't say, offset that. So you see the impact of that in the fourth quarter. You also see the impact of better performance on closeouts throughout the year, as well as pricing of our product overall. So you're saying all of the things mix into the fourth quarter and we are getting the benefit that we talked a little bit about -- bit earlier, within the gross margin line of some reduced costs from our supply chain and all the work that our team has done to actually bring product into the country.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So Eric, as I mentioned, we are actually just working on finalizing our combined budget with eOne and really looking at the seasonality. So much of their seasonality and their family brands business is very similar to our. Seasonality are historical seasonality. But in the television and film business its really dependent on actually very similar to us last year one of things Brian didn't mentioned in our entertainment and licensing is we had a big delivery of our streaming revenue last year which offset some of the benefits we're seeing on the revenue side and entertainment and licensing. But so much of that is dependent around delivery. So we'll give a bit more color on that as we move into the February 21st date.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So Tim, you are right. You're seeing the benefit of our cost savings initiative coming through that SD&A line. But what somewhat offsetting that -- and you also get a little bit of benefit of FX. So, while, FX is negative on the top line. The impact -- translation impacts are bit positive on lines like SD&A. But within that, we're seeing the investment that we're making in our digital gaming business. So while a piece of that comes in the product development line, you're seeing the portion of that for what we've capitalized and we're depreciating is coming through the SD&A line. So, as far as sustainability, we do believe our cost savings are sustainable. We might get a bit more in 2020. But its going to be difficult to pull out as we have eOne gather. So we'll try to highlight what we think the outline is going to look like in 2020 on the 21st. That's a lot of 20s. But we will continue also to make those investments in digital gaming, because as we've talked about, those are really driving revenue for the future. So while we're seeing some that expense coming through now, and we continue to see that as a great area of growth. Brian talked about MAGIC and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, and all of the other great things you're going to hear Chris talk about on the 21st. We continue to believe that's a really important line to invest in. The other thing that's offsetting some of those cost savings this year is a bit of compensation expense as well.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So good morning, Mike. From an advertising standpoint, we did talk about. We had the unusual effect of these two major entertainment properties coming late in the fourth quarter both in Frozen 2 and in Star Wars. So, combined the advertising spend around that was a bit, while it was still high and we're very engaged and making sure, we're promoting products along with all the wonderful promotion that was done by the Walt Disney Company. We did see that we have lower advertising in the quarter in particular. But when you look at that combined with royalties which is a reflection of the product that moved in the quarter, it was actually, we were up 30 basis points when you look at the two items combined. We are actually seeing savings so in our advertising line particularly as we move more and more to social media and we see where our consumer is actually consuming the media and advertising component. So, we expect our cost to be a bit lower in 2020 than they have been in the past. And we'll give a little bit more color around that as we move into the 21st and our Investor Day.
Deb Thomas: Great. Thanks, Brian. And in the Coronavirus, you know as we look at it our thoughts are obviously with the people impacted by the outbreak, and includes our third-party manufacturers and also our employees in China. We've had, and we continue to have office in third party factory closures. And really the biggest unknown right now is how quickly the manufacturing factories can get their production ramp back up given the amount of travel if you think about it when people travel to visit families in Chinese New Year's -- Chinese New Year, they need to travel back. So travel is limited. We know places are still closed. Our employees are working from home. So we have protocols in place with that. So, as we think about how all the efforts, we've made to diversify our manufacturing into different locations still about two thirds of our product overall, our global sourcing is coming from China. So we are looking at it very closely. Right now, the impact is small. The commercial impact is small, there's a bit in China as people couldn't shop during the holidays, but it's small. That being said, our first quarter is typically a lower revenue quarter for us. So the longer it -- it lasts, that the outbreak isn't contained, and people can't travel back and start production up again. There could be an impact on our first quarter, but for the full year, we remain optimistic that we'll be able to catch up over the full year and we'll continue to add color to the impact as we look through. There is no one particular brand that we would call out on that. We are prioritizing what needs to be done quickly, and moved here quickly as well.
