Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, I'll talk a little bit about the – the streaming deal that we did last year, which is as you recall, we just point out because just from comparative issues, if we think about entertainment licensing in the third quarter of last year because we had delivered full season and live our content at the time revenue recognition, it made a little bit of a bump that quarter, so that's why we really pointed it out. And of course, as we look to the fall or the third and fourth quarter, we have an amazing product offerings in a lot of our new brands that we've talked about. And I know Brian can elaborate on some of those like some of the products we have coming out. And then in fourth quarter, we're very excited for all the entertainment driven initiatives in FROZEN and in STAR WARS in the fourth quarter. So we're really excited about the back half of the year. We just wanted to make sure we pointed out some of these little quirky things that would impact the comparability of our quarter's year-on-year.
Deb Thomas: Sure. Well, what you're seeing in the quarter is that some incremental expense associated with production content and primarily with Bumblebee. But our full year expectation on that line is up slightly from last year. But we are expecting the full year to be about 1% to 1.5% of company revenues. We actually anticipate our revenue share from film and home entertainment to begin in the second half of this year. And if you recall, we had thought, based on earlier estimates we received, it wouldn't come until very late in the year or in 2020. So we've already recorded meaningful revenue and profit from the merchandise and toys and games and Consumer Products and digital gaming associated with the film. And now, we'll start to see the revenue and the amortization. So we're very happy with the financial return on our investment. But also, more importantly, the longer-term benefits this film has brought to reset the franchise and all of its storytelling go forward.
Deb Thomas: Right. So, you may see that margin be a bit lower on a percentage standpoint, but still as Brian said, superior to the rest of the company. And that's really due to the amortization, right. You think about the capitalization of the product and in launch, you've got amortization of it, some of which you see in product development, some of which you see in admin line, as well as the marketing we've talked about for the launch. And in addition to that, we're investing in future gaming. So, most importantly, as you know us right, we don't like to sit on our laurels, we're thinking multi-years out. And to create that future profitable growth for the business in the gaming side of the business, we are investing in that longer term larger game play. We've seen success in Arena in what we've done to-date and we'd like to make sure that that success continues with other games and in other formats as well as we go forward. So, you'll see a bit of that in product development admin as well as the marketing.
Deb Thomas: Yes, I think that's a great question Arpiné. It’s -- as you look at it, there are these price points that once you break them it starts to impact kind of the elasticity of demand for the product. And for us it's always been about innovation and driving value in product that consumers are willing to pay for. But the unfortunate thing with tariffs if they do come into play is the consumers is ultimately going to feel that price pressure, because the cost to react to it -- we always talk about being able to reengineer product, and take cost out, or move to different jurisdictions for manufacturing, but that takes a bit of time. And depending when they come, we can pass those price increases on to our retailers, but our expectation as we look at it would be that retailers would not want their margin to decline as well. So, that would get passed along to consumers.
Deb Thomas: I think that if tariffs were to come into play, our expectation is we would see an impact. Right now, it's early. I mean, honestly, we've seen some of our retailers changed their ordering patterns. But it's early in the year, and we're really excited. We have so many great initiatives coming toward the end of this year. And we – as we – Brian and I have talked about we expect those to continue into 2020. So as we think about spring sets and reorders and things like that, I think a lot of it is dependent on what we'll actually see. But if tariffs were to come into play, we would expect an impact in the fourth quarter.
Deb Thomas: A bit, what really is impacting it is product mix and we talked about higher – even MAGIC: THE GATHERING performing higher than our expectations. So what you're really seeing is the impact of mix from entertainment, licensing and digital as well as the strong performance of Magic tabletop and we've talked about gaming tends to have higher margins overall for our business. And it's was just the strength of the quarter.
Deb Thomas: No. I think from a expectation standpoint, I mean, we still expect full year profitable growth and we talked about that in our prepared remarks and we still expect that dependent on mix toward the end of the year. And whether we had tariffs or not that could impact our gross margin, but our beliefs are still the same.
Deb Thomas: Yes. Well, as you know, we've always said we're opportunistic with our repurchases, just based on market conditions and other factors. So our level will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, but our expectation is still that we'll repurchase $100 million to $150 million this year.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think, from a timing standpoint, as we talk about some direct comparisons with the sale of our streaming content last year in the third quarter, is something that we wouldn't expect that there would be a comparable item this year. As you recall, that's like a multiyear deal, so we do that every few years. And also, just some of the timing of the releases, as Brian has spoken about with MAGIC. Those are really the big timing issues for us for the quarters. And beyond that, I think that, with -- as long as tariffs don't come into play and, I say, if, but we're hopeful that they won't, that could have an impact. That -- and again, that is just timing between fourth quarter and first quarter. It's a matter of shipping domestically versus that direct import and when the retailer actually takes ownership of that. But beyond that, we don't have any expectations. From an expense standpoint, we are starting to amortize the film, because we're expecting revenue from BUMBLEBEE. So we talked about expecting between 1% and 1.5% of revenue on program production and amortization. And also, the product development will continue with respect to our future gaming initiative within the quarter.
Deb Thomas: It's really about Europe and our international markets. So a piece of it is FX, right? And we haven't talked about FX but we've had a pretty significant negative impact from FX, but it also reduced the balance sheet at the end of the quarter. But what -- the biggest decline that you're seeing in our overall held inventory, as well as our retail inventory, that we've talked about, is within Europe. And beyond that, our Latin America inventory is down quite a bit as well.
Deb Thomas: Right. And we also talked about the fact that we hadn’t -- we didn't really see the first meaningful revenue from Arena until the fourth quarter of 2018.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. One of the more notable brands that's rolling out throughout the year, new innovation as the headline and digital engagement is certainly NERF. We saw the NERF POS go up in Q2. A few markets have the new NERF Fortnite product like the U.S. and a couple of countries around the world. But it's really expanding right now, so Q3 is where it takes hold in major markets around the world. We'll have more than 20 new NERF Fortnite items rolling out in new innovation also for elite, zombie, rival and mega. We also have this new high-performance value-oriented product that launches in the very near term, so that's third quarter. This is for the value shopper that really is looking for the NERF performance. We know the kids and young people really want to play with NERF. And we want to give them the opportunity to experience our kind of innovation and performance for that under $20 price point. So we certainly expect further NERF momentum in the second half with many of these new initiatives. You'll also see some new protectable innovation coming later this year. We've seen great momentum year-to-date and TRANSFORMERS is up, we have new initiatives in the fall there, and BABY ALIVE, our gaming initiatives. PLAY-DOH is up. And then as Deb said, we get into the fourth quarter and we add to that several new initiatives most notably Frozen 2 and Star Wars both are set on October the 4th and shelves around the world. But we also have a number of big new initiatives from MAGIC in the second half of the year. We'll have at least two more mythic championships for both arena and for tabletop this year, and they'll both occur in the third and then the fourth quarter. A number of new game releases and announcements coming, as well as continued momentum, we believe for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, so really a strong lineup as we hit third and fourth quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We had said that, in China, right now, coming to the U.S. is just under two-thirds. We think by year end 2020, it could be around 50%. And recall that 20% of our production for the U.S. takes place in the U.S. We use all third-party manufacturers. We're increasingly spreading our footprint and adding new geographies for production globally. That includes new production in India and Vietnam. So we feel very good about where we're going. And having said all that, we also want to reaffirm that China continues to be a high-quality, low-cost place to make toys and games and it will continue to be part of our global network in a major way.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, overall, the MAGIC: THE GATHERING franchise saw strong growth. The largest games in the quarter were from tabletop, as you indicated. But we did see the Arena product and game represent our second-highest growth in the quarter. What we saw is that in-store player growth is up 12% year-over-year in total unique players and up 11% year-over-year in new player growth behind the War of the Spark release, and that's driven by storytelling and game play. Some of you may know this is a combination of a five-year story arc that brings together our Planeswalkers. And so, driven by storytelling and animated feature quality trailers, gameplay and social. But it does tie directly to the Arena gameplay, so they are synchronous as we go forward. We did see that -- and know that MAGIC is available in 11 languages and most of those saw significant demand above plan and we've gone for repeat -- reprints there. The Modern Horizons set did ship in the quarter and the response was tremendous. It's most comparable to a set that we released last fourth quarter. So we highlighted just to, again, talk about how storytelling comes at different times for MAGIC throughout any given year and to recognize that it really did take hold with our fans and it was a very exciting set release. We are seeing real momentum and engagement in monetization around Magic: The Gathering Arena. We continue to see progress there. We continue to have our Mythic Championships. And then also late in the quarter, we saw the core set 2020 began to ship and that will continue into Q3. So, we have a lot of new news for the back half of the year. And we also, of course, will go to our official launch for Arena, which will likely occur in the next four months or so. And I talked about having a couple more Mythic Championships for both Arena and tabletop toward the end of the year. What was really heartening to see was that our Mythic Championship III, which came in June, had 1.4 million viewer hours, which made it the number two property globally as we look at Twitch, which was even better than the Mythic Championship that happened earlier in the year. So, we're seeing the momentum in all the key KPIs for MAGIC and Magic Arena. But we did want to highlight also the success of the tabletop business.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Well, they're continuing to offer new elements within the feature set and constantly updating the feature set based on player feedback. We really love hearing from our players. You're going to see more competition. We've got more of the esports elements that are beginning. You certainly will see and we've talked about the discrete marketing that will hit the P&L during the time of the launch. And really, the way I'd look at it and illustrate the point is that, right now the people that were engaged in MAGIC are aware of Magic Arena. And yet over the history of MAGIC to-date, there've been 38 million players and not all of those players are currently playing. There’s a lot of latent and lapsed users and they need to be told about and marketed too, so that they are aware of the ability to go play Arena, go play MAGIC online and play that with their friends and neighbors all around the world. That's really an exciting element and I think that's going to be one of the biggest shifts you'll see as we go forward, the opportunity to ignite new fan engagement and latent and lapsed user player engagement.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So Deb can comment on some of the key points on the P&L where Arena development, game development, game marketing hit, because they hit a couple of different points on the P&L. But I think the way to look at it is, we will see increase spend in marketing and esports engagement in arena as we go to launch. And remember, that Arena as well as many of our new digital games that are coming as part of our new suite of games that we'll launch for MAGIC and then for D&D should be thought of as games as a service. So, it's ongoing, they're constantly being updated, new feature sets are being offered, new content is being offered, new adventures, new ways to play. So, we do expect to the point that our operating margin in eL&D will be superior to the rest of the company's average operating profit margin and in some instances by a long measure. We certainly see that in our Entertainment and Licensing area and we see that in Consumer Products as superior margins as well as with the Wizards of the Coast brands, our gaming business overall. So, that you will continue to see that we can create that higher operating margin and it will be that way. However, we are also spending at a higher level.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We continue to see the opportunity to double the size of the Wizards of the Coast brands as we've done over the last five years, over the next five years, but we're really seeing digital take hold and our game players and gamers around the world are really enjoying the games we're offering.
Brian Goldner: Well, look I think the underlying growth and engagement in Magic Arena is really substantial. Having said that, there is that quarterly compare, it's Q4 2018 versus the second quarter this year and that's why we highlighted modern horizons. Look overall, Magic has been on a growth trajectory. We expect over time it compounds and continues to grow. It's part of our plan in expanding the reach and engagement of our Wizards of the Coast brands. I don't want to – really want to comment and forecast Magic Q-for-Q. But I would say that, overall we're very happy with the progress on MAGIC: THE GATHERING and it certainly is set up well for its launch later this year.
Brian Goldner: Yes. And then, in the fourth quarter, Deb mentioned it, but to put it in the context of this question, we're clearly very excited about October the 4th, it's Triple Force Friday. We'll be supporting all the elements of the Star Wars program and launch. We have really an amazing array of new Star Wars product in support of the film, in support of the Fallen Order video game, in support of The Mandalorian, which begins on Disney Plus. We've seen over this past weekend, it was Comic-Con and I just looked at the top sellers for us. We sold an amazing array of collector oriented product and fan oriented product with our Hasbro Pulse and live from the floor of Comic-Con. But the Star Wars items continue to be top sellers. Our fans really love them. Our team does an amazing job in bringing innovation to them. So we're very excited there. Year-to-date, in the -- or I should say in the second quarter, we're very happy to see in the U.S. that the new initiatives we have for our entire fashion doll lineup around our Disney brands, including Princess and FROZEN are up. And so we're seeing new momentum as a result of new product innovation, the support of Aladdin, as well as the comfy Princess segment that we spoke about before, new ways to look at our Princesses in a more modern way. And then, we're very excited about Frozen 2 which comes in the fourth quarter. So clearly, not only the fourth quarter will be positively impacted by all the Disney initiatives, we certainly believe that 2020 gets a major lift as a result of the Disney initiatives. We've seen how Marvel has contributed to performance in the quarter and year-to-date. And so, I think we've spoken about some of the big elements that relate to or reflect timing.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think that certainly in tabletop, people had asked historically would tabletop be impacted negatively by Arena, and the answer is emphatically no. In fact, tabletop has probably shown more momentum as a result of all the engagement around Arena, around the tournament play and esports and the viewership on Twitch, and so the compare of Q2 this year being even bigger than Q4 last year and Modern Horizons, we just wanted to point that out. We certainly have seen the growth of MAGIC over time and MAGIC: THE GATHERING has doubled in size over the last number of years. We expect MAGIC and the Wizards of the Coast brands to continue to grow toward doubling and we said we could double those brands over time. D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS we haven't even spoken about, but it was up in the quarter. It's showing some great momentum and we expect to talk more about digital gaming in that brand as well its coming. For both brands, we're also engaged in a lot of storytelling. You saw some of the announcements around the MAGIC: THE GATHERING animated series; it's coming to Netflix, headlined by the Russo brothers who are amazing creative stewards for that brand and working with our team at Wizards of the Coast and our studios team. And so we're very excited about activating storytelling across all forms and formats for those brands.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Yeah. China was up a bit in the quarter. And if you take out ForEx, our emerging markets year-to-date are about flat up a little. We expect to continue to get back in momentum. If you take Latin America year-to-date, it's flat to up a bit. And again, we made a few on-the-ground changes in Mexico in supply chain that caused some timing shifts, but I don't see anything there that are long-term challenges to the region. The team has done a very good job there. And we have a lot of new initiatives that will hit in Latin America as well as in China. And so, we feel good about that. You had a second part of your question. POWER RANGERS. Thank you. Yeah. So on POWER RANGERS, it's really very early days. We've launched in North America. We've seen just a bit of revenue, literally just a bit of revenue in Europe. So it rolls out throughout the rest of the year. So, it's not a major contributor yet, although the early signs are quite positive. The ratings are top-ratings in its time period. Our partners broadcast or linear cable channels like Nickelodeon, we're seeing great engagement online. Our fans really love our new fan oriented lightning collection. And again, early days, whether its consumer products, digital gaming, our toys and games or the show itself all signs are positive for POWER RANGERS.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, it is a multi-variable sort of answer. You're right that we have new retailers as part of our expanded channel strategy and expanded channel footprint who are taking more inventory and are building inventory. You saw in the U.S., our inventories are up single-digits in the quarter partly around the potentiality of tariffs and partly around the sales of our brands. What we're really talking about our online retailers and omnichannel retailers who have the benefit of seeing the momentum and the major step-up we saw this past quarter in online sales trying to replicate the best practice they're taking from their online or omnichannel businesses and pairing weak supply and seeing what the opportunities are to continue to hone their inventories and to optimize inventories around maximizing sales. And so they do expect to continue to grow in sales. They do want us to continue to provide our top-selling brands and franchises. They want to make sure that they are well positioned for major launches around our story-led brands and our partner story-led brands. We're just commenting on the fact that overall they are operating with less weak supply in an omni or online world and with the goal or target to be more like that in their brick-and-mortar businesses. 
Brian Goldner: Yes. No, look we really like our direct-to-consumer initiatives and direct-through-retailer initiatives that we're undertaking. We rebranded and relaunched our Hasbro toy shop to really focus on what we call Hasbro Pulse now, our fan-oriented content-to-commerce site, an initiative. Our fans are really enjoying it, because they get to get unique content and unique products. We're also working with retailers in a similar fashion in a direct way. So, that not every product we launch is a mega volume product. It may be around a specific audience that's able to find that product now in a manner that they couldn't have found it before. In the second quarter, if I look at online sales momentum, which has, as I said, stepped up appreciably versus any percent gains we've seen in the past, we go from strength-to-strength where people are able to find our new NERF Fortnite products whether they can find them at retail, new DISNEY PRINCESS offerings, new PLAY-DOH offerings, new gaming offerings. So, whether or not people are able to find those products at their local stores, they're able to find those products associated with the digital engagement, social engagement, content engagement, or story-led engagement that they are experiencing in other venues and able to bring that play home, which we think is very good for our business. And we think we uniquely differentiated ourselves through our strategy and our execution.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, in Europe revenues were up 1% or 6% absent FX. Inventories are down. Retail inventories are down by about a third across Europe. Our channel strategy both omni-channel and online channel strategy capabilities are really taking hold. And it really speaks to a new array of top or leading retailers for the region ones that we haven't really had as top retailers prior including Amazon and Smith, that's EMEA in Russia. We're seeing good POS gains across many major markets. The one market where POS is a bit down and is hampering overall European POS is still the U.K.. We're really seeing growth in major Franchise Brands including BABY ALIVE, MONOPOLY and MAGIC: THE GATHERING really good progress on PLAY-DOH. The NERF Fortnite as I mentioned earlier that product is just beginning to have a presence in the region. Only a few markets have seen some inventory. And so we expect that to help continue to build momentum. The MARVEL franchises have made a really good contribution to growth. POWER RANGERS is just beginning to roll out in those markets. And year-to-date TRANSFORMERS is up and set for a really good 2019. Year-to-date Hasbro gaming is up in the region. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS is up and Magic is up – MAGIC: THE GATHERING is up. We also saw that Playskool and FurReal contributed. So overall, we feel good about where we are and what we've said before about Europe, which is we intend to stabilize the region in the area of revenues and we expect an improvement in profitability and that's what we saw in Q2. That's what you've seen thus far year-to-date and we feel we're set up well for the second half.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So – on the SVOD front, we have about 50 different SVOD details globally. We are creating all kinds of new media windows for our new content launches whether it's on a linear channel like Cartoon Network, and then going online or streamed with another provider in a unique way or window ensuring that we also have YouTube content, where appropriate in shorter form. And so we have some limitations as it relates to our linear joint venture with Discovery Family. But we also have opportunities for a lot of our content across any number of SVOD platforms, and we're really taking advantage of that. Plus, we have a number of new brands that are in development and new initiatives around brands that we're very excited about like our TRANSFORMERS fan-oriented content set for next year with Netflix, War for Cybertron Trilogy. So there are lots of ways to look at new media models and I think the team is exploring them and has done a really good job of bringing our brands to life in content and stream and linear platforms around the world. For NERF, I had mentioned that POS was up in Q2. Really, we've only seen the new NERF Fortnite product in a few markets. But where it has taken hold, like in the U.S., it's really shown tremendous momentum. And so, we do believe the new NERF Fortnite innovation, as well as our Alpha Strike innovation that's coming shortly and also new proprietary innovation, just sort of signals the next era of new product innovation and digital engagement for the brand. So our feeling about the brand earlier in the year, that if we could get these elements to work for us, as we have, the teams' done a very good job in marketing them. The feedback from fans has been tremendous. And yet, we've not yet rolled NERF Fortnite out to many markets around the world. We continue to believe that NERF will regain momentum and also revenues and sales throughout 2019.
Brian Goldner: The early release? No. It's just a timing of different -- as you know, a different story-led card releases. I did give you a sense for the fact that tabletop was the largest gain in the quarter. And I think Mike had asked that question. And that digital was our second-highest growth in the quarter. And then, it obviously was around both War of the Spark as well as Modern Horizons. And then late in the quarter, we began shipping the core set 2020. So we kind of have given you broadly order of magnitude impact for the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Well, as you know, it's now reported inside of entertainment licensing and digital. So while we also saw games in Consumer Products and some other areas like digital gaming, not related to Wizards gaming, it's in those numbers.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Look, MY LITTLE PONY, it's our last year of the current television series, which is the ninth season. And we are transitioning to new let's call it TV-based entertainment as well as streamed entertainment. It's very exciting, the team's really working on something and I can't say much more than that. We're also working on the next animated feature film that will be CGI film from our Boulder Studios, Boulder Media. And we're very excited about where that goes. So, at times, brands are in transition and we've made a -- are making a transition on MY LITTLE PONY. Our mantra here is always to reinvent reignite and reimagine brands and we're actively doing that for PONY. For BABY ALIVE, we're -- we've been seeing good momentum. The brand is up in Europe and I would say down in a couple of other territories. But really it's just related to the timing of different price points of products that were available a year ago versus this year. We're very excited about several fall initiatives including a very big new initiative called the Happy Hungry Baby. And so, I think the team has done a very nice job of stepping forward in that brand.
