Brian Goldner: Yeah. So, first of all, you are right, the trends that we see and the data that we have would indicate that the Toy industry year-to-date is up high-single digits, and we see that as boding well as we get into the holiday season and continues our trends. Our POS across the board is particularly strong up double digits in most markets that we operate in, high-single digits in a few places and in the U.S. across categories is up significant double digits in every category of our business. What we’re really seeing from a retailer standpoint is that space at retail is increasing, our space is increasing, and they are very focused on the major brand initiatives that we have both franchise brands and partner brands for the holiday season. And while we see significant pace of growth at brick retailers and omnichannel retailing and online we are seeing growth that's 2 to 3 times that rate in terms of growth. So a very significant growth rates in the online space and the omnichannel space and all retailers are participating in that growth to some degree. And so I would say overall we continue to feel like the consumer is finding our products and our brands, and that that there's a lot of currency effects that are happening at this time, and obviously, different macroeconomic issues in some of the emerging markets, but if you strip out what’s going on there and take out FX, we are growing double digits in the emerging markets both in the quarter and year-to-date. So we continue to believe that those markets play a essential role in our growth and we are seeing again underlying profitability increase in those markets as well. So I'd say, overall, we feel that industry is seeing growth and that we are participating in that growth. And finally, our market shares in 10 of our 11 markets have grown year-to-date with only one market being slightly on par with the industry growth, which is fairly robust so far year-to-date, that’s Mexico. But everywhere else where we get market share data we are growing.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. I’ll give you a perspective on FURBY. It was a very big brand for us last year. In fact, Q3 last year sales in dollars was bigger than the first two quarters and represented about 37% of 2014’s revenues. Fourth quarter of 2014 FURBY’s revenues were 31% at the full year. So we’re going to see those headwinds through the end of the year. So it was very significant dollars. In Q3, we’re happy to see that our gross POS is up double digits. In MY LITTLE PONY, the core MY LITTLE PONY business, the pony’s part of the business, Friendship is MAGIC is up in the quarter and MY LITTLE PONY year-to-date is up a bit. It’s really in the timing of EQUESTRIA GIRLS. The special went on the air in September 17th and the translation and placement of that special are happening throughout the fourth quarter in many markets around the world. I think in many ways it sort of reinforces our belief that programming support that’s over the full calendar year is essential as you look at content storytelling and that it's a little more challenging to put out a one-time per year special, although we do have lots of streaming short videos and other elements to support the EQUESTRIA GIRLS product line. It does impact our timing on that -- on that part of the business certainly.
Brian Goldner: No, we’re really seeing our -- several of our brands have grown in the quarter. A few of the brands are restaged to be a bit later in the year. Also I think you're just seeing the impact of foreign exchange on some of the shipments. And so for example, Games, if you take absent FX Games are flat in the quarter and up low single digits year-to-date that's not what’s indicative of of the underlying or as reported results. I think as we look brands like NERF were up significantly, PLAY-DOH in the quarter up significantly, MONOPOLY and several of our games up. So I think it's a matter of certain brands being staged starting the third and going into the fourth quarter and other brands being staged closer to the fourth quarter. Many of our games initiatives really come out into the fourth quarter, more consistent with the timing of consumption of the games. Several of our Girls initiatives happen a little bit later because of the price points like StarLily within FURREAL FRIENDS, which is a higher priced item and more consistent with being a holiday item. And as we continue to make improvements in the supply chain and work with our retailers, I do think that we’re able to deliver more just-in-time inventory against the greater growth in linear feet and it’s probably our capability and partly their desire to have product that hits more closely aligned with the holiday season.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So, MAGIC, year-to-date was down a bit in the third quarter. And I think one of the things we will continue to talk about with our analyst community and our own constituencies is the fact that MAGIC is really focused around storytelling. And so what we are going to see as I look out over the near and medium-term future is some up-and-down quarters that are more about the storytelling that's being done in any particular time rather than some of the seasonality because as we know that MAGIC really doesn't abide by the same similar seasonality than rest of our business. So, year-to-date up a bit, in the quarter down a bit but again, we've seen very robust takeaway during the quarter, lots of pre-release activity, lots of interest in the brand, total number of gamers and players up. And so I think it's just a matter of when the storytelling’s hitting and then, of course as you remember, so much of that business is done outside our traditional channels of retail, more in the traditional Hobby Stores. And the number of Hobby Stores that are carrying MAGIC: THE GATHERING has actually increased year-on-year as have our tournament. So, I just think it’s a matter of starting to frame that conversation, more about the release schedule and the storytelling versus that expectation that we should see acceleration only based on seasonality.
Brian Goldner: Steph, good morning. If you look at the Star Wars business, clearly, we performed quite well during Force Friday. We talked about the numbers of both action figures and role-play being 42% of the business. Up till September 28, where we have data and we only have data for two markets, early data which we work with NPD to get and that was in the U.S. and U.K. Our business is actually ahead of the retail sales increases we are seeing overall in Star Wars. And I would say, overall, Star Wars is at the high-end of our range of expectation for revenues this year. So, we had a range of expectations and Star Wars is performing at the high end of that range. It's incredibly encouraging. We're seeing great rates of sale, but I would also add that contributing to our boys business and sometimes lost in the array of entertainment initiatives that are certainly supporting our business, Nerf is having an outstanding year and was up significant double digits in the quarter and year-to-date. And we are seeing great growth there both in the core Nerf business as well, a lot of our new initiatives like Modulus and Nerf Rival. So it's a great balance between some of our partner brands like Star Wars. Year-to-date, Marvel is really contributing, both year-to-date and in the quarter, Jurassic World is contributing. So again, it's strength to strength between our own franchise brand as well as our partner brands.
Brian Goldner: Well, there will be a transition period, certainly in the first quarter of next year as other product sells out and through. There is a period where that can occur and then we will be shipping in, so I imagine in the first quarter, we will have a transition period in working with our retailers to make that as streamline as possible and as efficient as possible. But I certainly believe there will be a transition period. And then beyond that, the innovation that we’ve put into the product line, the partnership we have with the Walt Disney Company and our response from global retailers has been outstanding. So, I think longer term, the brand is well poised to perform exceedingly well and probably better than it has historically.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. First, let's talk about TRANSFORMERS. Year-to-date TRANSFORMERS is actually bucking the trend of a typical boys action property the year following the movie. In fact, it's down by just over a third, which as you know is far better than one would expect in a non-movie year, and that's because the amount of entertainment. We're also seeing in our preschool TRANSFORMERS, growth year to date in Preschool TRANSFORMERS are TRANSFORMERS rescue bots product line and being supported again by content. Our licensing year-to-date for TRANSFORMERS is up. So I think maybe we need to take a broader perspective on the performance of TRANSFORMERS and look more globally because it’s performing quite well and in non-movie year, certainly it’s down in the quarter and down more typical in the more typical range in the quarter. Bu again, I think the teams done a great job, great innovation and expanded product line and again down below those trends one would expect. In terms of MAGIC: THE GATHERING, we’ve launched a product that’s app based product this year called MAGIC ORIGINS. It's a product that enables people to get into the brand and learn how to play magic. But remember while we are investing in magic online and certainly believe over time, our online business will be more robust. The play pattern of MAGIC is all about face-to-face connections, and all about people getting together to play the brand in an analog space. And you're having visited lots of the gaming stores and hobby shops having spent some time over the summer. They are really nothing that replaces that experience of people getting together, coming together friends gathering together, getting off of their screens and playing face-to-face. We are running more tournaments and however, we have a more engaged gamer community. And we're seeing great responses to the pre-releases and releases for our card sets. So long term, I think we're in a very good shape in MAGIC. And as I said bit earlier, I think quarter to quarter it's a bit hard to read because again it's not based on any kind of seasonality that's typical in our industry. It's more about the releases that are going on any period and our users and players playing. We’ll continue to talk about as we go forward.
Brian Goldner: Wow, that's a big question. So, if I look where we are in the third quarter, what was we are seeing is a great double-digit growth in POS. Let’s just use the U.S. for example, double-digit growth in our Boys category, in our Girls category, in our Preschool business, in our games business and our franchise brands. So we're really seeing in a way a great product offerings that are being well received by consumers, thus far albeit, we are now into the fourth quarter. So the NERF brand performing very well in the quarter and year-to-date. Obviously, JURASSIC WORLD is being a very strong contributor. MY LITTLE PONY has several new initiatives both core MY LITTLE PONY as well as EQUESTRIA. LITTLEST PET SHOP has performed very well in certain markets and we've been clearing out old inventory to perform better in other markets as we go forward. We’ve got in FURREAL FRIENDS, a great holiday product, a StarLily. So that’s been quite good. And then our PLAY-DOH brand has performed exceedingly well throughout the year and we have a number of new initiatives coming into the holiday, PLAY-DOH’s up and up double-digits as well, both in the quarter and year-to-date. So I would say that you’re seeing great strength in our brands and our business across a number of brands and a number of new product initiatives.
Brian Goldner: If you recall, we’ve talked a lot about how we sort of view our own content creation, our advertising and then, of course, royalties paid as all points, if you were marketing because we have big partners out there who are creating great content as well. We’re also seeing an overall trend toward more digital marketing. We’re certainly spending more in digital, particularly in developed economies and we’re quickly increasing our digital marketing where available in more of the emerging market. On average, digital marketing cost less out of pocket and is more targeted. But again, I think that overall I would still use and guide you toward roughly 10%, 8S ratio in advertising over time. But certainly in a major entertainment year we have the opportunity to focus on our own entertainment and content, as well as our partners entertainment, which helps to deliver our sales for the year.
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you look at the brands, our new BABY ALIVE offerings are performing quite well out of the gate. Our FURREAL FRIENDS StarLily coming into the holiday should be quite successful. And we feel very good about it and the early reads are quite good. In MY LITTLE PONY, several new initiatives coming both in the core MY LITTLE PONY as well as EQUESTRIA GIRLS. PLAY-DOH DOHVINCI has performed well year-to-date -- is up year-to-date and coming into the holiday season we see that as a great news segment for the brand. And then you'll see several new items in NERF REBELLE coming into holiday as well. Then we should also talk about DISNEY DESCENDANTS. DESCENDANTS is off to a great start. The DCOM movie launched end of July and it's rolling out around the world and to different markets but where we have launched DESCENDANTS, it’s performing exceedingly well. So again, another addition to our girl’s portfolio and lineup. It’s really unique and differentiated and great storytelling. And as you may have read, they've announced another DESCENDANTS television movie coming 2017. So I think as we look forward into 2016 and ‘17, lots of great new girls product, both from our own franchise brands as well as great partners. And we talked earlier about, of course, the introduction of Disney Princess and Frozen coming into 2016.
Brian Goldner: So, I think, the place to look for YO-KAI WATCH is to what’s occurred in Japan. It’s been a very successful brand for some period of time in Japan. The TV episodes have just begun airing and we’ll begin shipping in the next little while, I think most of the impact occurs or more of the impact that would occur in the first quarter of 2016, but that probably a little bit happening in the fourth quarter this year. But as you recall, when we first launched BEYBLADE, it takes a number of months to inculcate play pattern to get be awareness up around the brand and we take a long view of property like YO-KAI WATCH. It’s been very successful, it really is very unique and differentiated in the marketplace and it’s something that we are very looking forward too. I don’t want to try to size it for you. But, I would tell you that, certainly, has been very successful multiple years in Japan.
Brian Goldner: Well, we continue to have new releases coming in the fourth quarter and obviously, into 2016. I don’t want to try to again size the card releases that’s part of the fun for the fans and gamers is to hear from the brand as to what the card releases look like. But, I think, that the way to view the brand is on an annual basis versus quarter-by-quarter, because of the way the storytelling is done and the way the card releases are set and the tournaments that are associated with the brand. And overtime we believe that MAGIC Online will play greater roles as our investments start to take hold and certainly as we look out to 2017 and beyond, we expect to have a more robust systems that are enable more concurrent play online and to run even more robust online tournaments post or in 2017 and beyond. So we'll continue to build on the Analog business, number of releases coming and again as you know this year we have gone to a different kind of release schedule and you’ll continue to see the team evolve creatively into 2016.
Brian Goldner: So we are really -- I am really talking about the overall Star Wars business that includes both Rebels, as well as The Force Awakens product this year and into next year. We don't really have an update relative to the split between 2015 and ’16. What we are just seeing is that the brand is performing both in shipments and sell-through at the high-end of our range and we will have to wait and see as to that rate of sale as we get in through. We certainly believe that 2016 Q1 and Q2 as we go through and lots of young people get to see the movie. Remember we are still two months out from the movie. So that's going to have a major impact, then we get into the first quarter where lots of people now having enjoyed the movie and putting it in context with the other movies that have been out there. And then at some point to be announced there will be home entertainment window as well that will continue to spur the brand along. And so not ready to update any broad guidance around the split between ‘15 and ’16. Just wanted to report that we've seen very robust sales that our part of the business is tracking ahead in terms of retail sales versus Star Wars overall, and that overall shipments and retail sell-through at the high end of our range.
Brian Goldner: No. I don’t think that trying to quantify that at this point would be prudent. I do think that you're seeing a lot of new initiatives coming into the fourth quarter as you would expect. I think what’s heartening to see is that both in Q3 as well as year-to-date, our categories of brands and products are selling very well and our POS has remained strong throughout the year and continues to be strong. I'd also tell you that in many instances our POS has strengthened in the third quarter versus the year-to-date numbers. So again we’re seeing momentum build and again I’m not going to size Q3 versus Q4.
Brian Goldner: If you look I listed some product input cost. The single biggest cost input to our cost of goods is labor. And we continue to see labor inflation rates in the double-digit range. We have seen a slight decrease in the cost of certain types of resins over the period since the end of 2014. But they tend to be more nominal and they run in arrears to whatever the petroleum or gasoline costs prices are out there as you know. But I'd say overall, we haven't seen any significant surcharges in shipping and getting a bit of pickup there. But I wouldn't say there is anything nominal.
Brian Goldner: But what I would say to you, it was a significant brand for us both in 2013. It continued to be a very big brand for us in 2014. I tried to size for you the percent of revenue that we experienced in each of the quarters. And I said that FURBY in the third quarter was 37% last year in 2014, 37% of the dollars were done in the third quarter and 31% of the dollars were done in the fourth quarter. So clearly, the headwind will continue through the remainder of this year.
Brian Goldner: The Star Wars brand is off to a very good start everywhere. I’m not going to right now give you the specific breakdowns, domestic to international. But we believe over time the brand becomes increasingly global. I talked a little bit about that earlier and we've seen that over time with our Marvel business. But as we continue to develop the brand and as the brand becomes even more familiar to new consumers in the international markets, in emerging markets, we believe it gets even more global in scope. But so far it's off to a very good start around the world.
Brian Goldner: We are not going to talk about shipments between third and fourth quarter, but it is tracking at the high end of the plan. And I guess I’d give you some broad -- I will give you some broad guidance between international, domestic, it's about 50-50, so that there is uptick in both international as well as domestic market.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. But I think what happens over time, you see it in our TRANSFORMERS business, you’ve seen it in the Marvel business over time, it gets even more developed in international markets and maybe you get to introduce the brand at the emerging markets in places where it doesn't have as long history or is not as well known. So, I think over time, pertains good things. And I just don't feel at this moment, I would talk about the cadence of shipments between third and fourth quarter. But I’ve tried to give you some sense in real-time that the brand is performing very well, that our part of the brand is ahead of overall retail for the brand and our products are on the top of many retailers, our toy lists as well as consumers wanting to buy list for the holiday and it’s at the high-end of our range, both in terms shipments as well as retail sales relative to our expectations.
Deb Thomas: From a hedging standpoint, we did say we were able to -- you know between pricing and hedging of our product, able to offset some of the foreign exchange impact while -- which is why we only had about 18%, kind of, fall to the bottomline. We do remain well hedged for the rest of this year as we had talked about. We hedged to protect our pricing and we’re hedged about the same level as we were at the end of last year. So we expect to continue to have solid hedges to allow us to keep our pricing where it is, where there is obviously good consumer demand for it out there in the marketplace.
Deb Thomas: And as far as the program production amortization, we continue to expect it to be around like 1-ish percent of revenue.
Deb Thomas: Good morning, Drew. I think you’re seeing it really in both places. If you look at our CapEx, it’s turning a bit higher than it has in the past. And in there you can see the investment we’re making in system. But there is also a piece that’s flowing through our P&L. We have a bit flowing through product development but the largest piece is through the SG&A line. And really as we talk about our investment in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online, it’s putting in the systems and the programming associated. We’re getting that done. As well as some of the investments we're making to drive the long-term efficiencies in our business and streamlining some of our processes as we go forward. So you are seeing a bit of it in CapEx, which you are also seeing running primarily through the SG&A line.
Deb Thomas: Yeah. We do tend to lock in our contracts on a one-year basis. So kind of what you’re seeing now is we’ve locked in our -- certainly our shipping contracts probably back in the springtime. So whatever benefits you’re seeing, you’re seeing them in that as well. But with respect to Princess, so that’s a great question. So if you think back and then you followed us for a while but for those who haven’t, if you think kind of that to one we took on the MARVEL license, which is just a great partner brand of ours. You do tend to see as revenues begin to ramp, profitability also ramps. We’ve invested a lot in product development. Brian mentioned we have wonderful innovative product coming next year. And you’ll see that over time as we experience more revenue with the license and people become acquainted better with our product line, we will see profitability ramp much like we saw with the MARVEL line.
