Deborah M. Thomas: We would expect our underlying tax rate, Sean, to be consistent with what we said at year-end, somewhere between 26% and 27%.
Deborah M. Thomas: That's, by far, the biggest piece of it, Felicia. We said that if you look back at historical trends, the first quarter for, say, the last 5 years, it tends to be around that 69-day period. We've been decreasing slightly as of the past, but we're adding a little bit of extra days because of the longer-term receivables as we grow in places like Brazil, where we had growth again this quarter. That has a slightly longer -- but the majority of it was from extra collections, so if you look at that average, that's the best way to look at the DSO.
Deborah M. Thomas: And as for the savings, Tim, as we've mentioned, we had $28 million worth of costs in the quarter, and we expect the majority of the growth savings that we talked about for the year to really come from the second quarter on.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we did have some savings, as we mentioned, in the first quarter in the U.S. and Canada division from their restructuring that they did in the first quarter of 2011. So what you're seeing in our underlying results, which is why we tried to split that out, is really the benefits we're getting from what we did last year. And we'll see more of what we did this year later this year.
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes, that's -- they'll start to kick in, in Q2. And we talked about our -- the reason for the increase in our cost was really related to a higher-than-expected acceptance of our voluntary retirement program. So obviously, we have a few of those people who are staggering throughout the year. And that's why we have been very clear to say we are -- we remain firmly on track to achieve our $100 million in expense reductions by 2015, so we just want to be clear we're on track to achieve that still.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, we have been clear that most of our cash, again, at the end of this quarter is overseas, and we continue looking at what to do with that cash. And we continue to generate and we said, we generated $297.5 million of operating cash flow in the quarter just from our business and almost $550 million over the last 12 months. So we continue to generate enough cash and have sufficient borrowing capacities through our commercial paper program to fund our business, so we're not worried about funding our business or paying our dividend. But we do look at -- and we could, at any time, bring that cash back to the U.S. should we need it, but we don't because we have sufficient capacity to run our business elsewise. But we believe that by the investments we've made have -- that we're providing a greater return to our shareholders. If you look at our emerging markets and those investments, they've paid off in 34% revenue growth in the quarter and increasing profitability to the company. And we look at that for the long term for the shareholders, but we do remain committed to returning the excess cash to our shareholders. Our board just announced an 11% increase in the quarterly dividend this year, which is the first payment of that is in May. We continue to target our payout ratio of about 45% to 50%, which in 2013 will be impacted a little bit because our board had paid our normal February dividend in December. So while we keep looking at that, we're looking at the most effective way to utilize that cash for the best return for our shareholders.
Deborah M. Thomas: Right, Brian. And I think we took that low-single digit price increase already in the U.S., and we have the low-single digit price increase outside the U.S. more a little bit in the second quarter, early in the second quarter.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure.Well, Drew, we had talked about, at Toy Fair, that we expected the level of gross margin we had for the full year 2012 to be sustainable. And as Brian just mentioned, we price to recover the cost of the product, and we continue to believe that our gross margins on that full year basis would be sustainable. Now every quarter, it can be a little bit different dependent upon product mix, but what we're seeing is with cleaner inventory at Hasbro and lower inventory at retail, we have less in the way of closeouts and markdowns. And for many reasons, that's really why we believe that those levels are sustainable.
Deborah M. Thomas: Yes, sure. We have a couple of advances left to do with -- on the Marvel agreement for this year, and we did want to call them out because they're a larger payment. So we have $30 million due in May, and we have another $50 million due Marvel in July so that's really the timing of that. And just to remind you as well, the final payment of our guarantee to The Hub, the $25 million, will be in November of this year.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, I think it's about timing of -- that particular swing is about kind of timing of delivery of programming. So as we mentioned at year-end, our ultimate revenues had increased, which is what had lowered our overall amortization expense. But we delivered and started airing Littlest Pet Shop and other programs this year. So it's just a timing issue.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, as we mentioned, we -- I think we said $25 million to $30 million in additional costs at year-end. And we did have some pension expense in the first quarter of this year, which is what we could anticipate at the time, and we said we now expect to have costs of $30 million to $35 million, which, obviously, we had a large -- for the full year, we had a large portion of that in the first quarter. And that was really due to the higher-than-anticipated participation rates in our voluntary termination program, so we have a lot more people elected to take early retirement than we had anticipated so that's really the primary driver. We continue to see, and I mentioned last year-end, it would be difficult to predict exactly how much of the potential noncash pension charges that are left to come. We anticipate it could be as much as $10 million. But it really is dependent on how many of those participants in the voluntary retirement program take lump sum payments. So if a lot take lump sum payments and the majority take lump sum payments this year, we could see an additional $10 million of expense associated with this. If only a few do, we may see nothing. So that's why it's -- we wanted to let you know what the potential could be. We'll obviously call it out when it happens. But right now, we can't say with certainty exactly how much the amount will be.
Brian D. Goldner: Sean, if you look at Magic, actually, it typically runs fairly flat quarter-on-quarter. It's more of release-driven, meaning the new releases of characters that contribute to people's cards to their collections and to their deck that they are then playing with. So it tends to be more release-driven based on the content that's put out in the market, so less seasonal. It's driven by the couple of different components. There's a major online digital component and a mobile component now, as well as the card-based component that's sold at retail. Remember that 4/5 of that retail is in nonentity[ph]-type retail stores, so a lot of hobby shops and lots of hobby shop playing. And we did talk about the fact that other parts of our Games business was up during the quarter. There were several brands in Games that were up in the quarter. And of course, our Girls business and Preschool and Games were all up. And Girls and Games were up significantly in the quarter. So I think that it was certainly a contributor, but we have a lot of good initiatives working in the first quarter for us.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. If we look at U.S. data, what we see is that POS was up significantly in Girls, it was up significantly in Games and up well in Preschool and for obvious reasons, down in Boys. If you look at the overall POS really in line with inventories, it was -- fared far better than our inventory reduction. Our inventories were down mid-teens in the U.S., and our own inventory, as you know, is down 18% despite being up in Asia Pacific. So we feel very good about what it is a early quarter, obviously, a less important quarter for the year.
Brian D. Goldner: It's rolling out right now in non-English-speaking countries. As you know, last year, we've launched an English-speaking in the second half of the year, actually, fourth quarter mostly. And then, throughout the year, it's going to roll out in multiple languages, including lots of markets where we have set up emerging markets teams since the last Furby launch. So you'll see certainly Furby in Brazil, in Russia, in Korea and rolling into China. So again, Furby will go worldwide throughout the year.
Brian D. Goldner: It'll be everywhere. And then, we have a brand-new Furby and Furby line coming, and we've not said much about that publicly except this morning, we did note that in English-speaking countries, we'll roll out our, call it, Furby 2.0.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Our Brazilian business was up significantly, and the industry is up. Trends in the industry are quite strong, albeit a little bit more muted than the economic environment but still up quite strongly.
Brian D. Goldner: Correct. Retail inventory was up, and our business was up. We gained a number of share points, in fact, something like 2.1 percentage points of share in Brazil, and our business is doing quite well. The team down there is doing a great job. Our franchise brands are performing quite well in Brazil across the board, as well as our partners brands and entertainment. So Brazil continues to be a high-growth market for us. And in combination with our other emerging markets, we grew emerging markets in the quarter by 34%.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So Tim, let me just say it's -- what we saw, the U.S. business have sort of returned to historical levels of operating profit margin this year. The underlying operating profit in that segment was 11%, up against 5.1% a year ago. So that's really -- the first quarter last year was when we saw those -- when we started to see those savings versus this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we created the program and worked on the program in -- toward fourth quarter of last year. And we identified the first round of savings in the quarter and had made a plan, although none of the reductions began to take place until the first quarter of '13 in the absolute, maybe a few people. But the first quarter was when we began and offered the voluntary retirement program. We had a significant uptake on that program. In addition, other changes to the organizations and that's happened globally. So this quarter's when the changes predominantly have happened around the company and around the world. There are some people in the voluntary retirement program that will leave throughout the year, so not everyone will leave or has left in the first quarter. And so that's planned out throughout the year. And it is approximately a 10% net reduction in heads. We're also hiring in certain key areas where we see high growth potential so that's always part of our plan. And as I mentioned earlier, if you look back over the last decade, while we've added hundreds of people to our international organization, to our licensing capabilities and IP creation capabilities, our headcount has remained flat from late 2000 until 2012. So this is really another change that enables us to bring in talent in new high growth areas.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're looking at strategies on how best to repatriate given that we want to do that in a tax effective manner.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that we are in a position right now where this is about the kinds of investments that we've made to grow our ratings, frankly, in the backdrop where other networks are not growing their ratings or they're going backward. So we've made investments in marketing. We've made investments in programming. So we are looking at what the right pivot point will be in order to begin to generate operating profit within the network. But we're all committed to the idea, as we had mentioned earlier, of a long-term profitable network that was also a great competitor in the marketplace. And so we're reaching those points, and we're looking at when the right time to make that pivot would be.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look outside the U.S., our business in Latin America and Asia Pacific continues to grow. Our retail shelf space continues to improve across several segments or categories. Across Europe, our business is improving. The biggest difference on European sales in the quarter really has to do, first and foremost, with Beyblade. Beyblade is kind of overdeveloped relative to European business, particularly in markets like Germany and France and then secondarily, Star Wars. So in fact, it's really more brand comparisons than it's about an economic environment or a retailer's commitment to toys. The kinds of sales that we're seeing in Girls, the new initiatives we have planned for Girls, in Preschool and Games and also for Boys for the second half of the year, I think, positions us very well in terms of retail shelf space. And what we've really done is manage our inventories to enable us to bring more inventory in, in time for consumer demand and more in line with consumer demand. And that was a stated strategy we had that we executed a year ago, and I think we then work from there with this new template or this new model as our plan go forward.
Brian D. Goldner: No, I don't think that there's a significant benefit for our business now given that 51% of our business in the quarter was outside the U.S.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we take a very broad portfolio approach within our key franchise brands there. So there are really 2 major brands that are developed in there for us. One is the Play-Doh business that we continue to drive globally. It's a great brand for us globally. It's growing significantly and growing really in every region around the world. That is a brand that hits a lot of the key critical milestones that global parents really enjoy. It's a brand where if you go to Turkey or Brazil or China, parents really are in favor of the creativity that Play-Doh provides. And we've launched a lot of new product innovations and as well as have partnered with some great partners in Disney and Marvel and others to continue to expand the brand offering. In PLAYSKOOL, we've really identified this idea of characters, and PLAYSKOOL HEROES is a segment of our business that's becoming more major over time. We've launched it just a couple of years ago, and it's really beginning to accelerate as we go out around the world. It's led by both Transformers, as well as Marvel properties, and it's a great insight for us as we look at global boys and the opportunity to give boys their first action heroes that are consistent with things their parents feel good about. So we've got kind of a couple segments there that are really key drivers for us.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, as you know, across all of those, we have great marketing programs, and in support of the PLAYSKOOL HEROES line, we have a great TV show that's going out around the world in Transformers Rescue Bots. And in Play-Doh, we have a show that's launched now in China, known as Pei Le Doh or loosely translated as Elf and the Can. And it's a really fun imaginative show, and it's a great preschool show that's been done in partnership with Chinese television.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, overall, our pricing is probably up low- to mid-single digits. But remember that we have -- that's really on carryover items, on new items. We are able to take the pricing up on carryover, and then on new items, we price for whatever that cost increase. Primarily, the cost increases we're seeing are in labor.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, the last part of your question I really won't answer. But I will tell you that, over the long term, the reason we called it out was the vast majority of our franchise brands grew in the quarter. We wanted to highlight that Littlest Pet Shop is on a track very similar to what we did with My Little Pony a few years ago, and it does take a bit of time to create the storytelling, to create a really great television series that is getting very high ratings. So thanks for noticing that. And those -- that show is now rolling out around the world. The product line follows as well. We'll license products, and our Gameloft relationship is quite successful there as well. We've had millions of girls downloading their Gameloft app game for Littlest Pet Shop. And so we're going to connect up all of the digital and analog play patterns in the product line, and it will launch late this year and into 2014. So we feel like we're on track long term to regrow that brand.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, correct. It's -- the POS is down less than inventory overall and strong growth in POS in Games and Girls and Preschool. Not surprisingly, Boys POS was down in the quarter.
Brian D. Goldner: We'll have to see over the longer term just how that looks. Obviously, we do participate a bit in the box office, and we're also very excited about the long-term opportunity with that brand. Kind of an update, over the weekend, we saw the great box office results coming out of China, so now the global box office is over $300 million. And we're up significantly in major emerging markets as we've talked about the box office there around emerging markets has grown dramatically, particularly for 3D. So great box office results in China, in Russia, Brazil, and so it portends great things for the brand longer term.
Brian D. Goldner: And Gerrick, if you look, that corollary is the savings, and the savings rate has gone up versus our estimates, having to do with more people taking the voluntary program. So the savings rate, we now expect for the year is $45 million to $48 million.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So if you took out -- if you look at it, we've identified already nearly half of that in 2013. We're running at that rate. And then obviously, there's a '14 interim year to get you to 2015.
Brian D. Goldner: We have -- we share the licensing income from the licensing of those brands. You're asking about licensing, you're not talking about the toy rights. We have -- now we may look at having other people do some of those brands over time, and we've had those conversations. It's similar to what -- so we've had ...
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, so we can -- yes, we're selling those toys. But I thought you were asking about licensing income. Licensing income, we actually split with American Greetings.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. One Direction contributed to the quarter. Obviously, we had brands like My Little Pony and Furby also contribute significantly to the quarter. One Direction has a movie planned for the end of August this year and obviously, I'm sure, tons of publicity around their concert tours. But the one I would call it kind of major piece of entertainment is a movie that's planned for the end of August.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, correct. That's what I said, yes. So they have a number of tours, and around those tours, there's a lot of publicity. And the fans know where they're going.
Brian D. Goldner: Transformers in the quarter was relatively flat. We're transitioning out of what was last year mostly an entertainment-led, television-led business, and we're transitioning into the whole Transformer Beast Hunters re-imagination and new TV series, which really launches just now, and products start rolling out throughout the year. And Transformers, as you know, is a very strong international brand for us. So we saw, again, a roughly flat business as we come out of one product line and into another.
Brian D. Goldner: We're not really seeing anything that I could point to, JT. The play pattern using both the Jenga brand and standalone Transformers and Star Wars is really -- it's fun off-the-board kind of games, building-and-smashing type of games, and Transformers, the Bot Shots brand has been great and a very different play pattern than Beyblade. Beyblade has held up well in some markets like the U.S. and several other markets in Europe. It just happened to be such a big part of certain regions or certain countries business a year ago that the comparisons are pretty challenging. So I would -- go ahead.
Brian D. Goldner: We're -- again, I think what we're seeing with kids is where they're able to find apps, they like playing the apps, but where we're able to bring new play to brands and games, we're able to get paid for that play. So the idea of being able to build a set that you're then able to break apart with ANGRY BIRDS or in Twister for girls, where you're able to really change the nature of the game from just the dots to TWISTER RAVE, which is now using elements like Skip-It and other light -- fun light dancing elements. And that reinvention is certainly contributing to the growth of that brand. So again, it's -- playing in ways you just can't play on a digital game.
Brian D. Goldner: I don't think we've ever said that the business would or wouldn't grow or that any category would or wouldn't grow nor have we talked about whether we would grow. We're really sort of setting up the year in major initiatives. I think the second half of the year has lots of new initiatives across every one of our categories. We're just pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter as we're seeing some of our spring initiatives take hold, and I think it's a good start to the year.
Brian D. Goldner: I think the one area where you're seeing input cost change is in labor. There was a 7% labor rate increase that was accepted by the Shenzhen government. There's another labor increase across the region that will come in later in the year. So I think as you see cost pressures, it's really related to labor. Some of the labor shortages we've seen have started to reverse a bit as the economic environment in China has cooled a little bit. But still, I think labor will become the big watchword for the year. The other input cost in ABS and paperboard go up and down by quarter and tend to run in arrears, especially ABS and resin, in arrears to oil prices.
