Brian Goldner: Sure. We are really referring to a few of our retailers in the emerging markets. Deb noted bad debt provision that we took in the quarter. And so, we are just indicating that we had a couple of retailers in the emerging markets that were challenged and where we felt that there was some revenue that would be uncollectable.
Brian Goldner: Yes, this is -- yes, it’s good point, I mean this isn’t consumer related; we’re not talking about the takeaways, and we talked about double digit growth in POS across all of our regions in the quarter, and we had very strong double digit growth throughout our business. And so, again, we are just referring to a few retailers where we took a provision.
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. If you look at our games business, first, I think really very encouraging was our strong double-digit growth in POS in that category for the first quarter. And so, we’ve really seen, both in the U.S. and around the world, double-digit take away and growth in POS. If you look at games within the business, we’ll call it face-to-face gaming was up a bit. But magic was down in the quarter. And we have talked a lot; hopefully people now understand that magic really is release driven, story driven. And therefore, we’ll have ups and downs that may not run seasonally as much as other brands but rather just in response to the story releases and the decks that are released. The change at magic at Wizards of the Coast was planned some time ago. Greg had indicated his desire to go off and do some other things, and we wish him all the best. He’s done a terrific job for us; he was here in Providence and Pawtucket before going to Wizards and he’d run our boys business and he’s been here with us for several years. We’re very excited about Chris Cox coming on-board and he’ll be with us starting in June. And not only is he a Magic: The Gathering player and role playing gamer overall, but he’s also got some tremendous experience, most recently at Microsoft, so has both the analog and digital capability and will continue to drive us in both directions.
Brian Goldner: We definitely saw a very strong Easter for us in POS but our Easter was actually up significantly versus prior Easter. But we’ve seen this continued strong POS and even after Easter this year our POS continues to be strong and the double digit POSes across every category and every geography. And I think it goes back to something we talked about in prepared remarks, and that’s -- I think the thing that you’re seeing in the first quarter that’s obfuscating our otherwise very strong franchise brand results is just the payments that were made a year ago for stream content in a quarter that tends to be a bit lower in overall revenue, so has a bigger impact. So, if you take that out, our total franchise brands growth for the quarter was 9% and you saw double-digit growth in U.S. and high-single digit growth internationally for franchise brands. So again, the streaming payments made a year ago just get in the way of seeing that underlying strength and it’s why you’re also seeing our market shares grow all around the world.
Brian Goldner: So, if you look at the full year for STAR WARS in the calendar, clearly Home Entertainment has just broken for THE FORCE AWAKENS. Obviously we know the kind of contribution that will make to boys oriented business for the next several quarters. Then, we transition in the fall toward Rouge One, hopefully by now you’ve seen of the early trailers; it’s very exciting and clearly a story, a STAR WARS story and that is very relevant to global fans, both new and old, and we’ll transition to the Rouge One product, but of course still the classic products both from FORCE AWAKENS and classic original STAR WARS products will continue to sell. We also have a continued strong emphasis on the fan economy and fan oriented product, which continues throughout the year and you’ll see that reflected; we’re seeing it reflected in our business presently and that’s I think how you would look at the calendarization of STAR WARS for this year. In terms of the Marvel business, I think the interesting thing here is we do have a movie coming up in Captain America: Civil War; hopefully you’ve seen the materials there. But it’s clearly a full array of all of our favorite characters from the Marvel universe. Interestingly the timing of the merchandizing of that is a month later this year than it was a year ago, and so that does have an impact on the first quarter’s Marvel business as we time that, just it happens to be the shelf set dates are a month later this year than a year ago, although the movie date is roughly the same. And we’ll roll into Captain America: Civil War, which as I said is a full array of characters including some of our favorites like the character you mentioned. And then of course, we get into ‘17 and we do have the Spiderman movie.
Brian Goldner: We -- not saying we didn’t ship Captain America products in the first quarter, we’re just saying that the timing shifted. So, it probably didn’t have as big an impact as it did a year ago; so, to frame it out, the partner brand for partner brand, the puts and takes.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So, if you look at our POS, it’s very strong across the Board in the U.S., up strong double-digits across all categories. For toys up strong double-digits and boys, similarly girls, preschool, and games were up double-digit, our franchise brands in the U.S. were up double-digits in POS. And we did see a very strong Easter, but we’ve been seeing strong week-on-week POS, and as I indicated, our strong double-digit POS has continued beyond Easter.
Brian Goldner: No, it hasn’t changed. Our guidance is very much the same. In fact, if you look as a percent of revenues, our royalties are only up one-tenth of a percentage point in the quarter versus a year ago; so a very small change. The other element, as we said, the partner brands even in the first quarter where you have lower absolute revenues and the impact were only up slightly above the 25% number that we’ve given at the high end of the range. So, again, over the four quarters, we still expect it to be at the high-end of the 20% to 25% range.
Brian Goldner: Well, I think it’s very hearting. We’re looking at the numbers and if you take the top 10 brands of our Company at this moment, in the quarter, six of the top 10 brands of our Company are franchise brands. And the top brand in our Company still in the first quarter is NERF. So, I think the portfolio management the teams are executing is quite strong; it’s certainly a complement of franchise brands and partner brands revenues, so the other four brands within the top 10 are partner brands. But that’s a great combination. And our strongest brand, top brand of the quarter is still NERF. And that combination allows us to continue to provide that guidance to you about royalties and about partner brands as a percent of revenue for the year.
Brian Goldner: If you look where inventory is, Steph, it’s really nicely spread and it does follow our sales curves globally, so you get about a better third of the inventory increase in the U.S. and the other two thirds out internationally, as we’re going in region for region.
Brian Goldner: Clearly, I think you said one of the keywords, which is it is clearly first quarter is a transitional quarter; we said that all long. Having said that, the teams have done -- our teams at Hasbro have done a fantastic job of launching the brand of beautiful products and it’s been well-received by consumers and the early take away is quite good. We’re ramping this business and we continue to believe that as we move forward, as we expand in revenues, we’ll continue to improve our operating margin over time there. So, I would say that our guidance for what we want to achieve is being achieved and run on track for our expectations for PRINCESS.
Brian Goldner: Clearly it was great for us to be able to have a major entertainment initiative in the fourth quarter; it’s great to build the spread out, the entertainment initiatives across our portfolio, now almost 12 months a year; and that will continue to be the case, as we have more and more partners and our own brands, launching new story led initiatives throughout each year. The consumer certainly responded in kind and it gives us great courage to look at new windows for new launches, and will track similar to last year, kind of a similar tempo and template this year, as we have a fall set date for Rogue One product and that will roll into a holiday oriented movie. But, again, the teams are constantly picking up on new insights, and we’re using those to the advantage of customers and consumers.
Brian Goldner: Well, if you look at it, clearly in a quarter where typically lower revenues it does have a disproportional impact; as you grow throughout the year, your revenues grow across the board. We had a number of our girls brands that performed well and grew in the quarter. So, we saw some great growth from some of what we would call our challenger brands including FurReal Friends Baby Alive and EASY-BAKE and then MY LITTLE PONY, as I said, the brand overall was up. The only place that had an impact where it flattens the result is because of the streaming revenues are assigned to the purchase of MY LITTLE PONY programming and LITTLEST PET SHOP programming a year ago. So, we had one brand in there that we’re restaging for the fall which is Nerf Rebelle and clearly the brand is down at this movement, as we restage and get reoriented around that brand for the second half of the year. And again, PET SHOPT had very strong results in several territories including the U.S. and Canada. And we’re beginning to make the shift, the change in evolution of that brand out internationally and over time, we would expect that brand to see more positive momentum overall.
Brian Goldner: No, I don’t -- we had lots of puts and takes, so we have lots of interesting and different brands that were up in the quarter. Our segment -- a lot of the brands within our family oriented segment were up including life and Life and YAHTZEE and several other brands. Obviously PIE FACE continues to be a strong contributor; DUEL MASTERS within the Yahtzee [ph] business was up. As I said, overall, face-to-face gaming was up a bit in the quarter. And I do think you have our coming off of a very strong fourth quarter, you still have product in the market and very strong POS, both in the U.S. and internationally for games.
Brian Goldner: Well, I would say yes to really everything you’ve said. Well, remember that last year we had a very had a very robust growth in U.S. and globally developed economies as well as emerging markets in the toy industry. So, I would say this is the second year of strong growth year-to-date; we are seeing high single digit growth rates, both in developed economies like U.S. and also throughout Europe. Retailers are very excited about the category, as we continue to have more story driven brands, more integrated play brands and more innovation in the category. Overall, POS was very strong, as I said, but as we’ve noted before, online POS was even stronger, and many additional retailers that have been historically brick retailers are doing a very good job in omni-channel. And so, we saw great growth for several online retailers, both pure play as well as omni-channel retailers. So, I would say overall, the state of the industry is quite strong. And our indications are from projections that it will remain strong for the next several years.
Brian Goldner: Yes, as I mentioned, Nerf Rebelle, clearly, we are restaging that part of the NERF brand, had some inventory carried over, and we are restaging it for the second half. We had a great response from the global retailers to the new lineup of Nerf Rebelle products for the second half of the year. And our expectation is the brand should sell through some remaining inventory in the first half. But I would say those are really the two brands. The only other one, and I almost -- we’ve talked about this over a number of calls is FURBY. We do have some remaining FURBY last hopefully quarter of FURBY headwinds, if we will. We are selling out some remaining FURBY up against a year ago.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it was I think between the two -- between the fact that we’re coming off. Remember, we’ve said before that when we do licenses, we get paid the following quarter. So, obviously in first quarter of ‘15, we were collecting royalties for fourth quarter ‘14 in TRANSFORMERS and then of course we had the streaming deal, and I think both are exacerbated by the fact that you’re dealing in a typically lower revenue’s quarter, so more of an impact in percentage terms. And you’re right, I think that’s the bulk of the change.
Brian Goldner: The other thing I wanted -- I’d like to just note because we do have some big retailers, we’re not talking about the big retailers that have represented the significant partners for us and growth engines for us in those areas, so Detsky Mir in Russia, PBKIDS Ri Happy and Brazil both are very strong, continue to be strong retailers, really talking about some retailers that were not among our top retailers but clearly retailers we’ve been selling to.
Brian Goldner: Well clearly, e-com in China is one of the key themes for future growth, even though we’re getting growth today. I think future growth is even stronger, as we orient our Company and our business to e-com globally but also particularly in China it is a great disintermediary for that market, allows us to get to the vast majority of consumers, and it’s an area of focus for us. China has shown some good growth but remember, our Asia Pacific business overall showed good growth, so beyond China, which is quite heartening to see, country for country, and Korea some great growth and Southeast Asia as well as our Australia and New Zealand business. So, China continues to be both the short and long term opportunity for us. We do have a great array of brands that are beloved in China, particularly brands like TRANSFORMERS and we’ll continue to build the business. But I think e-com is one of the focuses for our company globally and also specific e-com focus in China.
Brian Goldner: MY LITTLE PONY ‘s next season is just launching now and rolling out around the world, it’s the sixth season for the brand. And the theme this year is all about exploring EQUESTRIA and it ties together with lots of the initiatives that we have across the Company. We have very robust plans in multi categories for MY LITTLE PONY throughout this year, brand new toys and games products but also I’ve seen some really wonderful product in our consumer products licensing business and apparel that’s out internationally in the UK, very strong results in several categories of products setting all around the world in tune with that theme and that will roll into 2017. And then as you know for fall of 2017 November, we have our first animated feature film that will be distributed by Lionsgate in the MY LITTLE PONY movie. So, we’ll have television entertainment, streaming entertainment across a number of different over the top providers. Kids can find entertainment, both short form and long form. And then they can also find entertainment on digital games with some new digital games that we’ll launch including one new MY LITTLE PONY digital game launching from BlackFoot studios; we continue to have a game from Gameloft throughout the year so story telling across a number of different dimensions and continue to feel very good about the brand. And as I’ve mentioned, the new EQUESTRIA GIRLS line and launch is and going off quite well with the new Mini Dolls! segment.
Brian Goldner: So first of all, the operating profit in the U.S. business increased 89%. So, revenues were up 28%, operating profit was up 89%, and I’m not sure…
Brian Goldner: The operating profit margin in the quarter was 17.7%, up against 12% a year ago. So, I just want to make sure, we’re…
Brian Goldner: Well, it’s obviously the revenue increases and a great portfolio of franchise growth as well as partner growth. So, again, I mentioned that in the top 10 brands of our Company, we have six of our seven franchise brands, and then some partner brands. It’s that blend should allow you to understand how we intend to improve operating margins over time, how our partner brands will remain at the top end of the 20% to 25% of revenues and why royalty should be roughly in line with our guidance for the year.
Brian Goldner: STAR WARS, no, we’ve been shipping STAR WARS throughout, we came off of a very strong movie, remember the movie has continued to play in theaters, so we continue to ships product as more and more people saw the movie. And then of course, there are all kinds of initiatives around the Home Entertainment windows, but those will continue. So, I wouldn’t say that there was any one pulse of inventory into the market, but rather very strong sell-through throughout.
Brian Goldner: So, YOKAI is only in its first couple of months, as you correctly indicate and really rolling out around the world of entertainment. So, we’ve really only seen entertainment in the U.S. and it will be going into international markets throughout the year. And early indications are quite good, but it’s still very early days. Rogue One is exciting for everyone. And I think we continue to offer an array of products for all STAR WARS fans of all ages and genders and affiliations. And you’ll see us continue to focus on product for everyone and product has been well received by everyone. And again, I think what you’re seeing overall is a blending of such more historical delineation that we’re really not focusing on our fostering, we’re just making great products, we love the lead characters of these movies, and we’re very excited about where STAR WARS is going. We also saw in the first quarter great sales of Lightsabers and I think Lightsabers are going to everyone, because everybody can be a Jedi.
Brian Goldner: So, I was trying to get across the fact that if you look at actual sales of our toys and games around the world, our franchise brands were up 9% and a brand like MY LITTLE PONLY was up 12%. So, I just -- again, given the typically smaller revenue quarter and then impact of the streaming deal, if you really look at the underlying consumer orientation of the brands and how it’s performing, they are performing quite strongly.
Brian Goldner: Well, it’s a combination, because we have also EQUESTRIA GIRLS; so, it’s the combination of all the elements.
Deb Thomas: Consumer take away in those markets still continues to be strong. So, as we look at the emerging markets, we still have that outlook of double digit growth absent FX for the year.
Deb Thomas: Really just as we look at our full year expectations and look at rolling out our advertising, really just what you’re seeing this year compared to last year is the impact of our expectations and how we’re looking at funding the programs that will be running all year long against the revenue spread out over the quarters.
Deb Thomas: We think based on our -- we talked a little bit about the fact that the first quarter is a log of small numbers for us. But what we’re seeing is the improvement in our margins that we did say at year-end in the Toy Fair that we believe were sustainable and expandable over time, particularly as we ramped some of the new brands and gained more operating profit for us. So, the one item we did want to point out was the bad debt that was unusual for us, while we won’t exclude it, it was the first one that we encountered as we’ve expanded particularly into emerging markets. And we do have some high risk accounts, but we managed those very closely and do have reserves where we deem them appropriate. But overall, our margins have grown in all of our segments with the exception of entertainment and licensing. And again that streaming revenue because of the profitability of it has a big impact. But we do continue to believe that based on our current estimates that the guidance that we gave in February still holds.
Deb Thomas: Yes. I think as we look at our inventory overall, you have identified a big piece of it. I mean we’re really ramping up for the business we see in the year ahead.
Deb Thomas: No. Our business continues to be good. As of late, the real has done a bit better as all currencies have. And we did say in our prepared remarks, particularly if the euro holds up the way its trading right now that will have a positive impact on our expectations for foreign exchange, impact us for the full year, but we continue to see the market in Brazil being good and consumer takeaway being good as well.
Deb Thomas: We hedge throughout the year, so we probably did put some hedges on in the first quarter. Overall, from a hedging standpoint, we hedged about 75% our product cost last year, and we are about hedged the same amount this year. So, we always try to make sure we say in a similar level. So, it’s hard to tell where the rates are going to go. I think if you look at what all the experts are saying, they expect the dollar is strengthened. However, we are not seeing that particularly against the euro right now. So, if rates stay the way they are, we did put a chart in our earnings presentation, so you could see the make-up of our revenues by currency in the first quarter. And depending on what your expectations are for FX rates, you can just look it at that way. But are kind of hitting the point where we are getting comparable FX rates to last year in certain regions.
Deb Thomas: Well, we’ve got $30 million almost already in. So, as you look at the rest of the year, I mean if the euro continues to stay strong, it’s actually trading above levels it was trading at last year. So, that could significantly change our expectations for the year, but again, it’s too early to tell.
Deb Thomas: Particularly, we were seeing some impact to certain retailers in our emerging markets. I did already comment that Brazil continues to be a strong market for us right now and do well; so other markets, not Brazil.
Deb Thomas: Yes, the adjustments that got us down to that 21% were discrete items. And our underlying tax rate is in the range of 26.5% to 27% that we talked about at year end.
