Chris Cocks: Thanks, Deb. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I’d like to spend a minute thanking Deb Thomas for her 25 years of leadership at Hasbro. I started this company 7 years ago as the fresh-faced leader of an under-the-radar subsidiary called Wizards of the Coast. From my first day on the job, there was no bigger supporter of Wizards than Deb. She got it, and was always there for Rookie, helping me navigate the broader company and giving me and the team at Wizards the support we needed to turbocharge that business. My story is the same story thousands of people across the company have about Deb. She is the true definition of a servant leader: The first one in the office in the morning; the last one to turn the lights off in the evening; and a true believer in the power of our people and brands. Deb has been an invaluable partner who has helped Hasbro become one of the biggest and best companies in the toys and games and broader entertainment industry. Deb, it’s been an honor to work with, partner and learn from you over the years. Our company and our shareholders owe you a debt gratitude. On behalf of everyone at Hasbro, and especially me, thank you. Now we will take your questions.
Chris Cocks: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. And hey, great report, by the way, on MAGIC. We all had a chance to read that earlier this week, but it was well researched and did a good job of reviewing the brand. So on Lord of the Rings, as we’ve talked about for our overall strategy for Universes Beyond, it’s all about bringing in adjacent fandoms. We’ve had great success with this, with D&D, which was kind of a prototype for Universes Beyond that we did a couple of years ago, the summer set called Adventures in the Forgotten Realms. We’ve had one of our best-selling commander sets ever with Warhammer that we did this fall. We’re already on our fourth reprint. And for Lord of the Rings, it’s really about appealing to those – that rabid fan base who loves Lord of the Rings, who loves J.R.R. Tolkien, who also might love a game like MAGIC: THE GATHERING. I think an important secondary component to that is that there is already a whole bunch of MAGIC: THE GATHERING fans who are big kind of fantasy, uber fans. They like the Lord of he Rings, and we see it as a great engagement opportunity for them and a special collector’s experience for a set that we don’t do very often.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So Baldur’s Gate 3 is being done by our partners at Larian. Larian is probably one of the – arguably one of the best independent role-playing game publishers in the world. And so we’re really excited about what they can do. They released Baldur’s Gate 3 into early access on Steam about 2.5, 3 years ago. To date, it’s the most successful early access game in Steam’s history with well over 1 million adopters, just in that kind of like preview period. So we have pretty high expectations for Baldur’s Gate 3. We think the quality is going to be very, very high. If you look at the reviews on Steam, they are excellent. It definitely is going to be a game of the year, or at least a role-playing game of the year contender, and it’s going to release very broadly on consoles and PC. So we think it’s going to be a pretty big release. In terms of how we participate in that, it’s a license product for us. We like kind of the partnership that we have with Larian on that. So we will start to see some contribution from that in the later, like probably September in Q3. And then more meaningfully just based on kind of the timing of when we recognize the license royalty-based revenue, in Q4 and Q1 of next year.
Chris Cocks: No. I think we’re seeing some underlying momentum in the business across the board. Certainly, Wizards of the Coast came in ahead of expectations. Our latest release based on Phyrexia did very, very well. And we continue to be bullish on what Wizards has in store, particularly The Lord of the Rings set in late Q2. On Consumer Products, I think our POS came in a bit better than planned. It’s still not where we want it to be, but I think we are making steady progress. And just to give some perspective on it, based on our own internal numbers, and this doesn’t include kind of discounting, we were down about 12% in Q4. We cut that roughly in half in Q1. We were down about 7% year-over-year. And when you take out some of our exited businesses, particularly Disney Princess and Frozen, we were down less than 4%, which by our math is likely at or ahead of market. We are not satisfied with that, but that was ahead of what we planned. But I think it augurs well for what’s going to happen in Q2, Q3 and Q4, where we add like our disciplined execution that we’ve been doing with our retailers. We add new products, and we add what we think is a pretty killer content slate from both ourselves with TRANSFORMERS and our partners, particularly at Disney.
Chris Cocks: Yes. I mean we are very enthused by the critical response and the fan response to the movie. It is by far the best reviewed movie in Hasbro’s history. And so we think it’s going to have a very long life, and it’s going to perform particularly well in post theatrical sales and streaming. And that’s important for us, because D&D is a very strong brand in North America. It’s well known in Europe and Asia, but not highly engaged or highly penetrated in those markets. And so like a great reviewed movie that has a lot of fan enthusiasm, is a perfect opportunity and a perfect entry point into the brand. And then I think the way that we will expand upon that over time is we are lowering the barriers to entry for the core games by initiatives that we have digitally, particularly the investments we are making in DUNGEONS & DRAGONS and beyond, and kind of what we call a virtual table top, which is kind of like a video game like experience for being able to play the game. And then we have a very aggressive lineup of new digital content and video games coming out, starting with Baldur’s Gate 3 this year, but then continuing on with other licenses that we haven’t yet announced as well as owned content that we have in production at Wizards Studios. And so I think really that kind of one-two punch of have entertainment, which makes the brand broadly accessible. And then add on to that low barrier entry digital experiences is really going to be kind of the flywheel that drives the brand’s growth over the next couple of years.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So, in Q1 we predicted that about $75 million of that $300 million would manifest, and that’s the case. We are not operating in Russia. We are not doing Disney Princess or Trolls or Sesame Street, and we are starting to out-license some of our secondary properties. We anticipate about 60% or so of that $300 million will manifest in the first half of the year. And really what we are seeing is, I think better-than-anticipated strength in our overall gaming portfolio, particularly MAGIC and D&D. And then we are starting to see some impacts around improved execution at retail, and across our marketing teams, particularly in our franchise brands that saw some decent POS across TRANSFORMERS. We see some momentum in core NERF. We see momentum in core Hasbro Gaming, PEPPA PIG and PLAY-DOH as well.
Chris Cocks: I would say high-30s is what we are targeting in the mid-term, for sure. We are investing pretty significantly in building out our digital capacity. Some of that is capitalized, but not all of it. And so I think as we start to launch those games, you will start to see kind of like the realization of those capitalized costs, which will impact kind of like the mid-term outlook for our margins. And then as we expand MAGIC in particular with things like Universes Beyond, it’s a great opportunity to bring in new players, but that’s going to be a little bit of a margin impact, both in terms of the royalties we spend as well as the development costs because those tend to be a little bit more intensive when you involve a second party. Now that said, we feel like that’s a really wise investment. When we attract a new MAGIC player, they typically stick around for 5 years to 7 years and they have an average revenue per user over that time in the $500 to $1,000 range. So, giving up a little bit of margin upfront to attract highly engaged, highly profitable fan segment, we think it’s a nice trade-off that helps us and helps our shareholders win over the long-term.
Chris Cocks: Yes. So, in terms of POS, I think Q1 was really about execution. It was about nuts and bolts working with our retailers, improving our positioning, improving our inventory outlook. Through the end of Q1, our retail inventory is down about 15%, which we think is a good down payment on the year. And we will continue to make steady progress in that in Q2 and Q3. Our owned inventory is up a bit, but most of that has to do with kind of the nature of Wizards production and load-in for our entertainment releases around action figures. Outside of Wizards and action figures, our owned inventory is actually down through Q1 as well. When we get into Q2 and Q3, I think we will add to that kind of disciplined execution with increased marketing support and content support with a host of blockbuster movies and great streaming content, whether it’s from us or from Disney. And then also, we are just going to have a lot more product innovation. Q1, we had a couple of new things that hit pretty well. Our Gel segment is doing pretty well inside of NERF. NERF Junior launched, and that’s doing pretty well to expand age segments inside of the NERF portfolio. But really, it’s Q2 and Q3, where all of our new games, a lot of our preschool innovation. I am particularly excited for Young Jedi Adventures with our partnership with Star Wars in preschool and what we can do there. As well as across the board, several new pieces of innovation that we haven’t announced yet, but we see a lot of retailer excitement for, that should add to the POS momentum.
Chris Cocks: Well, Kamigawa was Q1 of last year. Double Masters was in I believe second quarter last year. Really, it’s less of around the sell-through of the releases because we actually think the sell-through is going to be quite strong in Q2, and it’s the timing of the releases, particularly in the beginning of the quarter and then in Q3. So, like our March of the machines release this year comes a little bit earlier than last year’s comparable release. So, we had a little bit of Q1 shipped, which affects Q2. And then our major release for Q3 is about a month later year-over-year. So, last year we were able to ship a fair bit of our Q3 release at the end of Q2, whereas this year, almost all of that Q3 release will be shipped solely in Q3. So, while we are excited about the sell-through and the fan engagement potential of the Q2 releases, we actually for the quarter in terms of a sell-in perspective, are down about a set to a set and a half year-over-year.
Chris Cocks: Well, I would say we will get to pretty normal levels by the end of Q2, but there will be some additional kind of cleanup into Q3. That’s just the nature of the beast. In terms of our owned inventories, we made progress outside of Action Figures and Wizards in Q1, and we expect that to continue. I would say we will be done with about 50% to 60% of the job by the end of Q2, and should be pretty clean on kind of our aged inventory by the end of Q3 and entering Q4 in a pretty clean state, both for retailers as well as our owned and operated. Our goal for the year continues to be our overall inventories are down 25% or more with comparable levels exiting 2023 to what we exited 2021 at, which was historically low year for us.
