Brian Goldner: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. The -- as far as the quarter, we did mention earlier that we did have some shipments that we stopped when we heard of Toys "R" Us declaring their bankruptcy, but just for a short period of time. So I would say absent that, the quarter did come in as we expected and absent the bad debt expense. As far as the seasonality, we continue to see that. And with Toys "R" Us just having filed for bankruptcy so late in the third quarter, we've adjusted a bit our thoughts around the fourth quarter. However, we still expect to grow and wanted to just give context around that as well. We found that moving to omni-channel retail strategy has certainly helped and moved a bit more to just-in-time. However, we are about close to 60 days out from year-end now, and we're starting to get more visibility into year-end every day as we get closer and closer.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Hi, Mike. So to be clear, I think first and foremost, we do expect to grow more than the industry in Q4 and the industry growth rate estimate now is between 3% and 4%. So we do expect to grow more than that. We've seen great, very strong sell-through up until this weekend. So, that Chapter 11 is just one month old. We've come to agreement on receivables and we also now agreed to terms go forward just over the last few days on our -- over the last month our finance and the Toys "R" Us commercial teams have been working on and focused on getting an agreement which we signed just a few days ago. So now our Toys "R" Us team and the merchants can focus and refocus on the holiday joint business plan with just two months to go. In fact, this wouldn't have been an issue had it happened earlier in the year and it's not an issue for us in 2018. We do have a more expansive retail channel strategy that gives us great confidence that we can deliver industry-leading growth this year even in this environment. We just need to determine what Toys "R" Us can receive over the next few months. But meanwhile it's great to see that our POS is outstanding and very consistent with our expectations.
Brian Goldner: Yes. So year-to-date DISNEY PRINCESS is up and it was also up in the quarter in international markets. Also very heartening to see that point -- the point-of-sale for DISNEY PRINCESS was up quite considerably. In fact, it's among our strongest point-of-sale gainers in the partner brand Arena. So what we’ve really seen throughout the year is great growth around the entertainment initiatives. The entertainment has been a key driver, so Beauty and the Beast and Moana are key drivers of the growth that we've seen year-to-date. And then there's a bit of timing, because you also now are getting into shipments of Frozen around the Q4 featurette, this Olaf's Frozen Adventure. And so, Frozen it was up in the quarter in the U.S. And so again Descendants was very strong in the quarter. So I think it's a bit of timing overall, but we're seeing great robust sales for the brand and particularly strong sales this quarter -- shipments this quarter in international.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so clearly we are assessing what Toys "R" Us can receive, but our expanded retail channel strategy gives us great confidence that we can find home for our inventories, and given where our inventories are and that they’re in great shape and that fact that POS is growing at double digits both globally as well as in the U.S. Both year-to-date and in the quarter we feel very good about where we are and obviously our teams are very focused on a very strong growth rate in the fourth quarter, and we do think we will end up ahead of the industry growth of course. So I would say that, overall, we want -- we can find a home for all the inventory that we have, we don't see that as an issue. But we do need to assess what Toys "R" Us will represent of the total inventories in the quarter -- in the fourth quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so overall for STAR WARS shipments were up in Q3. And we saw that POS was up in the U.S and Latin America, and improving in the other territories and that's just because the way the marketing is just beginning to roll out. We're very encouraged about the long-term opportunity for The Last Jedi. In fact, I think a lot of the impact will happen not just in '17, but as we get into the home entertainment windows that are becoming increasingly important again into spring of 2018. And we're very excited about the new Han Solo movie, Solo: A STAR WARS story. I think that will be great and I don't think it will cut off the tale of The Last Jedi. In fact, I think it really sets us up for a great 2018 for STAR WARS. And then you add to that the fact that we just started to ship The Forces of Destiny product, and we're very excited about that initiative and the content that’s streaming online. And so, I think overall STAR WARS is in pretty good shape now. Obviously, we've come through a couple of quarters where we work through some Rogue One product and feel very good about where we’re heading at this point.
Brian Goldner: No, I think that it's a very fluid situation. So as you prepare for earnings which happened to be this Monday and you're working through month-old Chapter 11 situation. We signed an agreement literally very late last week on the go-forward position. I think the teams can return to focusing on our joint business plans, which were in place going into the holidays and Toys "R" Us was performing for us quite well. Our overall business is performing really well. It's just now a matter of refocusing on the holiday. And as I said, had this happened in any other time of the year, we would've had ample time before the holiday period to make a new plan together and do it in a more -- in a longer-term way, but the fact is we feel very good about our overall business. The POS gains that we're seeing across categories are very strong. Our toy and game business POS was up in the high teens. That’s same as true for Franchise Brands, even partner brands were up more than 20%. Our Hasbro Gaming POS was up more than 20%. So, again, we feel very good about the fourth quarter and that we can grow ahead of the industry, But out of an abundance of caution, we did want to highlight that it's a more fluid environment only because of the Toys "R" Us situation, and of course the U.K and Brazil situation. But clearly the bulk of the difference in our point of view was about the Toys "R" Us situation. And just want to now get the teams focused again on a broader retail channel strategy, we go to more doors now than ever before. We see the acceleration in growth in omni-channel and online retailing which is still two or three times stronger than our overall POS gains. So, again, we just provide a range that given the timing of earnings and our focus now on the holiday.
Brian Goldner: Well, even if we shipped less than we would expect, again that's what I was saying that we think there's an opportunity to put our inventory out in the marketplace in a number of places. Obviously, Toys "R" Us has been a growth arena for us, a growth partner for us, and we want to continue to support their initiatives now that we have an agreement in place, we can do that. And so our teams are very focused on continuing the kind of strong growth that we've seen throughout the year, up 7% year-to-date. And so we just give you a range because again as we formulated our look at the earnings picture as of today we felt that our range would be prudent.
Brian Goldner: No, but we did note that we had stopped shipping for a number of days as a result of the bankruptcy. We wanted to get clarity on the situation and we're now shipping Toys "R" Us in all the retail, and again the POS gains are quite considerable against shipments.
Brian Goldner: Well, the movie as of this past weekend globally is just shy of about $40 million. The brand is up in the quarter across every region and across our entertainment and licensing business. We are really building this media digital mix model and our brand blueprint we think is really working. And the film will absolutely pay back its investment. Remember, we made the film for modest budget. It is driving consumer products. It's driving toys and games. It's also driving our digital gaming business and MY LITTLE PONY is up year-to-date. So, again, that combination of storytelling between stream content, television content, and the film is a great formula for the brand. So we feel very good about the brand heading into the holidays in 2018.
Brian Goldner: Yes, China's POS growth in the quarter was quite substantial as well as Russia, and our new market in India was quite good as well. So, Brazil is really the one exception within emerging markets and overall emerging markets grew at 8% in the quarter. As we look at games, Steph, you’re absolutely right, the team has done a fantastic job. The social trend games that are about social listening and social scraping and really understanding what's going on in the global market for stream content has really paying dividends, but also our classic games are up and growing through reinvention and reimagination. So, whether it's MONOPOLY that's grown considerably, Fantastic Gymnastics, even Clue Life TWISTER operation, risk, and then of course some of the more -- the fun social games like SPEAK OUT. And then we have a number of new games that are launching in the fourth quarter, including Simon Optix. Hearing Things is off to a great start. Something called Get a Grip, Coinhole, and then of course we just launched our Drop Mix Gaming System, which is very exciting. The reviews have been great and it's just early days, but we feel great about that new music mixing platform as we head into the holidays and into 2018. So the team has done an outstanding job there and I think you will continue to see us use best-in-class digital capability and social media capability to build some fantastic product line up.
Brian Goldner: Yes, look, I wanted to reassure people that our trends of double-digit growth have continued into the quarter. Obviously, we're -- on October 23 we are still seeing great fourth quarter trends through the -- through this past week some great trends and we are seeing it across our business and across regions. And that gives us great confidence and the fact that we can grow beyond industry growth rate and we're at not for this Toys "R" Us situation to have happened in the fourth quarter. We would not be having to talk about the kind of ranges that we're talking about. We just need to get our arms around now the Toys "R" Us situation and obviously, with a broader retail channel strategy with all the omni-channel and online retailing that’s going on and the great growth rates we're seeing there that are two or three times the overall growth rate that we’ve seen in the market. It's quite great. So, for example, in the quarter we saw Franchise Brands grow by in the teens and online we saw Franchise Brands grow by 30%. And that's similar across our business where we’re just seeing this great acceleration both in brick and mortar, omni-channel, and online. So, again, it portends good things for us in the fourth quarter as we're in the fourth quarter and as well into '18.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I believe that the entertainment lineup for 2018 is actually stronger than 2017. If you think about the opportunity that begins early in the year with Black Panther, an exciting new movie from Marvel Studios, we get into Avengers by May, we have a Han Solo: STAR WARS story movie in the end of May. We have our very own Bumblebee movie that comes in December next year, you’ve got Toy Story 4. You’ve Ant-Man and the Wasp, and then you have Spider-Man animated movie that comes at the end of the year as well, at the end of '18. So the lineup is quite considerable from Marvel, from Lucasfilm, from Hasbro. Of course, we have all kinds of television entertainment that's also going to support all those brands both from Disney as well as Hasbro's own Studios. And so we feel very good about the lineup in '18 and entertainment should continue to be a key driver of our business.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so let me start with MY LITTLE PONY and then Deb can talk about the resins for a second. The way Lionsgate works is they pre-sell the film in a substantial part of the global marketplace. They self distribute in the U.K., as well as virtually self distribute in Latin America.
Brian Goldner: The rest of the markets they are pre-selling, so you get that recoupment right up front around your production expense. The movie itself, if you take it through the waterfall should be a contributor to the company over time. Obviously, it may not occur in the -- by the fourth quarter this year, because obviously our expenses for producing the movie will hit in the fourth quarter this year, but again, remember it's a modest budget. However, all the streams of income that it's creating, including consumer products are toys and games business. The digital game that’s performing at a very high-level from Budge Studios and new games that are coming we think it's a great model for the brand. And of course we continue with the 7th season of the television that's appearing globally on linear television services as well as in stream services, it's a very strong performer on Netflix and other services. We see this as a very good model for us go forward.
Brian Goldner: Yes, exactly. I think we have a grant that’s probably bigger than normal that's maturing in the fourth quarter this year. And when we get to Toy Fair, we will try to lay out what we think our normal quarterly basis will be, but as we think about first quarter I’m thinking about it as the same -- around the same level as the first quarter of this year.
Brian Goldner: You know. I’m so heartened our financing commercial teams have really executed the current plan during the holidays with such excellence. Our belief, as we go forward is that the current situation would not be an issue for us in 2018. I don't know how to answer a hypothetical like the one you post. However, I will tell you that we’ve increasingly found great homes for our great products. Our products sell quite well at a number of different new channels that we've expanded into including value and drug as well as other new retailers. Our mass partnerships as well have really expanded. Our performance with Amazon, our performance with Walmart and Target have been very substantial and very strong. So, again, long-term as you described, our business will be fine and our products will find homes and we will find the consumer, and increasingly we’ve talked about how online continues to dis-intermediate some of the toy departments, and the consumer continues to find our products and it's really heartening to see how online sell-through is even stronger than brick-and-mortar sell-through when there's no friction in the finding of our products. It just says that our products really resonate with consumers.
Brian Goldner: So we said absent the charge which we did not say what it was that our operating profit would have been 100 basis points higher. But if you move up to margin, gross margin and you think about the guidance that we've been giving all year is that we did say we expected our gross margin and our cost of sales actually to be higher than a year-ago, because of the mix of product and also some less favorable hedges that we had in place and it's not that were not hedging. We are hedging to protect pricing and margins, but we've -- it has more buying euros at $1.40, it was a lot more favorable than a euro at what $1.20 today, I didn’t check this morning. But -- so we did say that we expected our cost of sales for the full-year to be a bit higher. When you particularly look at the phasing and our product mix that can have a significant impact on gross margin, and as we had said we did not -- we expected Q3 to be down in MAGIC, and it was, and that did have an impact on our mix for the quarter.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I believe that our operating margin for the full-year can be very similar to the margin that was last year. We just talked about the fact that we would -- prior had expected or more confirmed that we would get some modest growth. Now I would say it's probably more similar to a year-ago, and again we're just talking about 20 basis points of difference. That was -- we were talking about the 15.7% number. So again, I'd expect it to be similar to that this year.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think the model for MY LITTLE PONY has really worked and I think the team is beginning to think about what our next movie might look like. Meanwhile, we have ongoing television support. The brand, we believe, will halo quite strongly. We're seeing a great reinvigoration of our core fans as well as families and inviting a lot of new fans into the brand around the world. So, we like the model combination of the horizontal of television, the verticals of film for brand like MY LITTLE PONY done well. On the PLAY-DOH side, we’ve seen very strong performance around the PLAY-DOH itself. There have been a few play sets in the spring that have had a weaker performance. Having said that, as we come into the holidays we have some new play sets which are performing early days, very, very good level including our Rapunzel full play set. We also have a number of play sets and something they call Kitchen Creations, which we would expect good performance on. So I think long-term PLAY-DOH has been one of our most global brands. It's one of the most heavily consumed, parents really enjoy and it's definitely a part of children helping to create or enjoy developmental milestones. And so I think long-term I’m very confident in the PLAY-DOH and the PLAY-DOH's teams ability to grow that business over time.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Let me talk to STAR WARS and the shift, and Deb you can do the first one. The -- on STAR WARS, clearly it's become a much bigger more consistently big brand year-after-year, and that's what we've really seen. And again this year as we head into The Last Jedi, it's a brand that's up in the quarter and we expect very good things this holiday, but also Gerrick as you were describing, expect very strong spring around the brand. We saw it last time for The FORCE AWAKENS. We've seen it throughout this year for Moana and for Beauty and the Beast. We are seeing it around TRANSFORMERS as the DVD dropped on September 28 and the performance has been quite strong. So I think people are enjoying motion pictures both in the theater as well as through electronic sell-through windows and then into DVD windows. Overall, I think it again says good things about the ability to tell stories and have those stories enjoyed across a multitude of screens. It's really obviously one of the premises of our approach and strategy to be both digitally oriented as well as content oriented. And so, I would expect that to continue and continue for our properties as well as Marvel, Lucasfilm and DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN properties.
Deb Thomas: Our expectation would be as we see how things settle out, we would certainly look at the situation at the time and adjust whatever expense we needed to on the receivable.
Deb Thomas: Sure. So from a margin standpoint, we have had Princess now for almost -- Princess and Frozen for shipping all last year, and then this year as well. And we are starting to see some improvement in our margins as we’ve grown that business to scale. So I think we're well on our way to that. However, we still have a little bit of a way to go. We talked about Arena, in August. We were out in our Investor Day and we announced that MAGIC: Arena will be -- it's in beta right now. And our investments are finishing on that, however, it's a constant investment in MAGIC, perhaps not to the same level that we’ve had in the past. However, it's such an important brand for us that as one of our major Franchise Brands will continue investing in that, but perhaps not at the same level as we've seen in the past. So we're looking forward to Arena in being out in more distributed play in 2018. And as far as emerging markets go, we’ve had some hiccups in Brazil this year. We've seen the economic conditions just haven't been as great as they could be, because of political situation and how people are really reacting to what's happening there. However, our consumers -- our products are being well received by consumers and our emerging market profitability continues to improve, and as our business grows in China we expect that to grow as well.
Deb Thomas: Yes, we will see how things emerge, as they begin to execute their plan and give more color around it to emerge from bankruptcy.
Deb Thomas: As we sit and see how that goes, and if something changes in that, that could have an impact. But as we sit here today, we do not expect a significant impact from the situation as we know it today.
Deb Thomas: And as far as our resin prices, well, we have seen some increases in resin prices. As a reminder, we set our pricing 12 to 15 months in advance. So when we do that, we're able to go out and hedge our expected cost, number one, to a large extent from an -- to try to take out some of the FX impact of that and in addition to that we adjust our pricing accordingly. So as far as fourth quarter goes there, we don't expect any impact from that.
Deb Thomas: We are in a position that we want to make sure that Toys "R" Us has all the support they need to emerge from bankruptcy, so we entered into that agreement with them to go ahead and help them in that path forward. As we see how their plans develop and we see how -- what comes out of whatever hearings there are, we will just have to wait and see, but our expectation is that that there would not be any change.
Deb Thomas: That would be our expectation. As a matter of fact if you look at our SG&A expense, absent the bad debt charge, you're starting to see us get -- getting leverage from the higher revenue numbers now. And as MAGIC Arena is out there, our expectation is that we would continue to see that leverage and when we get to Toy Fair, well, you know us, we will give more specific guidance about what we think the different category should look like at that point.
Deb Thomas: And from an OP standpoint, if we exclude bad debt expense our year-to-date operating profit margin is just slightly behind last year. So we -- as you know as a company always remain very focused on the most efficient cost structure for our company. So given the current environment in our changing revenue, expectations, it just may as Brian said slightly impact our expectations from the beginning of the year. But overall we remain focused on really creating the most cost efficient structure for our company as a whole.
