David Hargreaves: Certainly, at the retail level, we said both on our end-of-year call and on our first quarter call that inventories were high. Right now, on the Games, inventories at retail are down versus a year ago.
David Hargreaves: We've got no problem with our inventory levels. If you look at our inventory, right now, it's $426 million. That's up 24% versus a year ago. Take out foreign exchange impact of that, and it's up 17.8%. That's fully consistent with the growth that we're having in our business. As we said, a lot of those inventories in new markets that we didn't used to be in. So we've opened up business in Columbia. We've opened businesses in Korea over the last few years. They need inventory. So we are unlike the end of the first quarter and the end of last year, where we weren't fully comfortable in our inventory levels, we are now very comfortable with our inventory levels.
David Hargreaves: Greg, the answer is no. I think I talked about -- already about our inventory. Our inventory absent FX is only 17.3% about a year ago compared to the first quarter, when we were looking at like 77% above so. I think between strong production then in our Games business, which is of course a little bit of the under-absorption of margin immersion, I think moving anything which was slow-moving, which has caused a bit of margin -- not profit, but margin dilution. We've done everything we needed to do to get our inventory back in shape which is what we told you we're going to be in February. I think the retailer inventories, we're comfortable with the level of inventory in our retailers. We're down single digits, we're down double digits in terms of Games inventory at our 4 major retailers in the U.S., where we get good data. So inventory had been an issue at the end of year. It had been an issue at the end of the first quarter. We don't regard it as an issue now, either our inventory or our retailers.
David Hargreaves: I think, again, they came into the year, hoping to grow their business. They see this is a strong entertainment and product year. I think, at the end of the day though, they have to be a little bit cautious about what's happening with the U.S. economy. Now that's very different with the international markets, where a lot of the economies, Brazil, Russia, China are sort of surging ahead. But I think in the U.S., we're 2 years after out of recession, unemployment is increasing, underemployment is increasing, house prices are still going down. I think retailers will be appropriately cautious as they go into the end of the year. And certainly, we are appropriately cautious, but it doesn't change our guidance that we've have given you.
David Hargreaves: So I think, firstly, in the short-term as Brian mentioned in the script, historically, much more of our profit internationally comes in the second half of the year. So if you look at the relative calendarization of profitability between the U.S. and Europe, it comes later in Europe. So I think the fact that it's less profitable during the first half of the year, even when we had a lot of growth of sales, is not a representative of the annual.
David Hargreaves: So for the full year, we expect that the kind of overall operating return that we get internationally will be very similar to the U.S., if not be better. Within International, we clearly, have some new markets, Brazil, China, which are major growth markets for us over time, and we are investment-spending. We're investment-spending, putting paper on the ground, putting offices there, advertising our brands. So those markets today don't achieve a breakeven. And I think, we said repeatedly that some of those are on track to deliver profitability in 2013. And obviously, as we go beyond, that will improve. And then similarly, we've just opened an office in Korea this year. We'll open Colombia this year. So as we open these new markets, they're contributing to growth. But those new markets, we have to appreciate will be a little bit of drag on our margins in the short-term.
David Hargreaves: Yes. So in fact, some of our highest-margin markets in Europe. And if you go back and look at the full year, the last year, very close between International and U.S. and within that, as we said, we've got some emerging markets, which are drag, but we also got some margin markets, mature markets, like France, for example, where margins clearly exceed the U.S. and then Australia had good margin markets as well.
David Hargreaves: We probably -- we did move a lot of the slow-moving inventory, so we were probably in the region of $40 million to $50 million, as product that was sold at below full cost, or regional price, not certainly below cost.
Brian Goldner: And Drew, what we're really doing here -- and we took the opportunity this year to sort of do 5 things in the Games business. The first was to really accelerate the pace of the reinvention of that business, given where several of our other categories we're going. It was a perfect time to go do that. We had in our mind's eye to create a Center of Excellence around gaming, where we're able to marry the analog and the digital across a number of different formats, engaging more of the brand teams in that integrated and innovative manner. We have new leadership in the team, really proven global brand leaders who have reinvented and reimagined other brands for us globally. We have a whole new marketing approach for this fall, as well as a lot of new initiatives for the fall, but particularly, new marketing approach. We talked a lot about what we have done in marketing, particularly, in the U.S., with too many initiatives being supported and not a focus on kids marketing. And we're doing all of that. And then, longer term, in 2012, you will see more impactful and many more new initiatives and innovations. So really, it's a holistic approach to the business that we feel very good about, as we look towards 2012 and beyond.
Brian Goldner: We're very expect excited about TRANSFORMERS. And what's so great about it, in particular, if you focus first on the global box office is the fact, the global box office is very compelling and growing in several of those emerging territories so Russia, Brazil, emerging markets, China. That's a lot of the growth you're seeing in the global box office, and certainly, 3D is also contributing to that. Our business looks very similar to 2009 in some ways, and then different in other ways, and that we have more international retailer support than we've ever had. We have more licensees, and we have several new categories of product, including 2 more significant new introductions: one is TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS, and the second is the introduction of KRE-O. So we're into a lot of new play patterns and new categories, more international support. But yet, overall, I'd say, it's a similar result to -- and certainly thus far to 2009 versus 2007 movies. As we look at the future, certainly, with the kinds of results we're seeing, our great partners at Paramount, as well as Hasbro, are very excited about what's possible. We have a lot of great promotional partners who are equally interested over the weekend, watching TV and seeing all the Burger King promotions, and our Activision games business coming online. People would certainly be excited about reinventing and reimagining TRANSFORMERS for the future. And certainly, movies play a role as does TRANSFORMERS: Prime. As the animated TV series will go around the world that we announced this morning, that we're now going to be in over 30 countries by year end versus the 20 we had guided toward earlier in the year.
Brian Goldner: Well, what we're seeing thus far is tremendous progress in our overall television strategy. We are very encouraged by what we're seeing in The Hub. June was our highest ratings month we had seen since last December. Lots of momentum around the new summer schedule and greater proportion of Hasbro brands and Hasbro-branded content are 7 of the top 10 shows.  As we go forward, we are certainly seeing the halo effect of having our shows on The Hub and on international markets like MY LITTLE PONY. We don't yet have all of the product out there for the shows that are on the air. Most of that happens late this year. And it starts to become more clouded about which of these brands are growing as a result of the motion picture versus the TV. But what we do know is that overall, the TV strategy is certainly contributing to the business, both domestically and internationally. We don't really want to continue to talk about specific accretion, but suffice it -- and the reason for that, obviously, is because it's hard to delineate the specific cost and the specific results -- positive results, that we're seeing from TV-related -- to TV versus other marketing initiatives. But overall, we feel very good about the overall TV strategy in particularly about The Hub.
Brian Goldner: Yes, overall, Eric, we're going to still see our gross margins in that 58-point-something range for the full year. That's really where we've seen our business going. Deb talked about getting the leverage from the revenues growth you're seeing in second quarter. And we believe that fact to be the case. Good signs of that, unless you want to comment further.
Brian Goldner: Right. And on The Hub, what we're seeing is growth in advertising revenue, very consistent with our long-term plan and up several fold versus a year ago. Lots of advertisers that have come on board that had not advertised prior on Discovery Kids. And again, we are on track for our long-term plan on The Hub, as well as the International business, which is actually ahead of our expectations. And having our programming on the air in 30 markets -- 30-plus markets this fall is certainly as good as one could've expected and certainly better than our overall plan.
Brian Goldner: Michael, the inventory levels are really following the sales. So now our inventory is very split between domestic and international inventories. So it's not a -- not inventory in a place where we don't have sale.
Brian Goldner: I don't want to guide within specific categories, within the year. And certainly, our view toward our business is certainly in the medium- and long-term versus just for the year. Having said that, we feel very good about our overall ability to achieve meaningful revenue and EPS growth this year. And that's inclusive of our re-imagination and reinvention in the Games business. And as we go forward, the number of new initiatives this team is bringing forward and a new approach of the Games business is very heartening for us and is very consistent with the kinds of re-imagination you've seen from us in other brands that have then gone on to have global success.
Brian Goldner: BEYBLADE is performing exceptionally well. And it's performing well all around the world in every country that it's in. We're in more countries around the world than we've been in before, with greater impact. You're seeing that uptake with kids. The show is on the air around the world. I'm not going to guide again toward a specific number, but TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE are certainly major contributors in the Boys arena.
Brian Goldner: Actually, if you look at shares around the world, our shares throughout Europe are growing in every country. The U.S., especially, early this year, had stepped back within terms of share. More recently we're seeing better results out of the U.S. But if you go all around the world -- in major regions around the world, our shares are growing. We did have to work through issues in our U.S. business, which we've talked about. And go forward, we feel that we will gain market share in the U.S. as well. But in every territory, in every country around the world, we are growing market share and doing so fairly significantly. And so again, as a global company now, we look at our global market shares and feel that we are on track.
Brian Goldner: I think, for a lot of reasons, again, the overall size and scope of the brand that we've talked about is being more comparable to 2009 than 2007. But there are some market differences, and they're positive ones. We have more new innovation and new categories: Brands like KRE-O launching in our top 8 markets and then will be global next year; RESCUE BOTS; other categories of product like TRANSFORMERS: Universe, the smaller scale products are launching and performing quite well. So again, I think that the template for this brand continues to expand and evolve. That's part of the idea of having an evergreen brand. The number of licensees that we have and promotional partners we have continues to evolve. So overall, the audiences gave it a 90% positive rating on exit polls, which is better than any of the prior movies. So with the playability, we think, it's quite good. It even performed well this past last weekend in the face of strong competition from Harry Potter. And around the world, it's performed exceedingly well with over $700 million. And so we'll play well through the DVD period. And then Paramount has a tremendous plan in home-entertainment DVD for the fourth quarter. And that will be where even more kids will come and get to see the movie. Because, of course, it's a PG-13 movie, we recognize that sometimes littler kids don't go out to the theaters in the first couple of weeks. And again, there's nothing about the TRANSFORMERS business that worries us. In fact, we've very excited about owning and operating a brand of this strength, and the opportunity to continue to reinvent it over the next several decades.
Brian Goldner: Yes. If you look overall for the year, Felicia, you'll -- it's partly what you're seeing in terms of revenues, obviously, that could cover the cost. I mean, just timing around when you get payments on royalties for licensed properties. They happen in arrears, and we'll follow in the third and fourth quarter. You have program amortization in that, in the cost there that's different than the year ago. That accounts for some of the profitability, the investment in licensing personnel, accounts for some of the profitability. But overall, again, by year end, you see a segment that again returns the kinds of profitability we've seen historically.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall, that -- what we're seeing in the U.S. has been the restaging of the business in early in the year, probably a little bit too much inventory. Internationally, significant growth overall. For the quarter, it was relatively flat, because you've got strong International growth up against the U.S. staging and preparing for VORTEX. The second half of the year we have a major launch from VORTEX, the VORTEX line coming in the market, as well as new initiatives within the dart side of the business. So that's where we are thus far, and we feel very good about that business. The other part of that business now is Super Soaker, which has performed very, very well, up significantly versus year ago in second quarter. And that's true particularly in the U.S., That's the brand that's done very well in the second quarter. And so for the full year, again, NERF looks very strong.
Brian Goldner: Sell-through on TRANSFORMERS in the U.S. is probably down a bit versus '09, but internationally is up. So particularly up significantly in the emerging market businesses.
Brian Goldner: Right. Probably that what you have there, Sean, and it's a good point is we've purposely created a more diffused product line. So KRE-O is new business, and you wouldn't have those POS comparisons. So you're taking a category that we plan differently in the Boys action arena, this time than last time and again in the U.S. in particular, where POS is down a bit in the U.S. It's up significantly in several markets around the world. We really much -- take much more of a global view to this, the number of licensed products, categories that are performing well is there as well. So it's hard to make an apples-to-apples comparison, but broadly speaking, that's what we think we're seeing.
Brian Goldner: No, no. So if you took -- but thank you for asking. If you took last year's dilution of about $0.30, we're not going to see that kind of dilution this year. I think that's what you guys want to know. So what the relative thoughts is, if it costs us a few million dollars or if it's flat or its slightly accretive, the point is the contribution that it makes now becomes melded into the rest of the marketing initiatives of the product lines. And so the reason I try not then try to tease it back out is because it's really hard to tell exactly all the contributors to something and why it's selling. But having said that, we're not going to see that kind of dilution you saw a year ago.
Brian Goldner: Yes. It's essentially what it was the beginning of the year. We don't have any reason to believe differently. In fact, some of the more recent ratings are very positive.
Brian Goldner: Great. If you look at our POS on TRANSFORMERS, in our overall business for the second quarter, TRANSFORMERS' POS year-on-year is up significantly. Significant double digits, which you would expect. Our overall POS, as a company, was up in the second quarter, driven by our Toy business, with improving trends in our Games business. So that's, particularly, in the U.S. In International markets, TRANSFORMERS' POS was up significantly where we have data and where we have more proprietary sell-through information, similarly in emerging markets where you don't have as much published data, but we have our own results. The overall -- obviously, the TRANSFORMERS movie is -- has contributed significantly. The product lines are selling very well, although with different strategy than we employed in 2009 purposely.
Brian Goldner: I'll deal with the payments, and Deb can talk about the value. On the payment side, what we -- we started and we made an agreement prior to producing any programmings. And so as we produce the programming and put it on the air, it was quickly realized that Hasbro shows were 7 of the top 10 shows -- were really driving ratings for the channel and were the most successful shows for the channel. So we, with our partners, agreed to make a change to the licensing fees that we are being paid, particularly, for animated programming. And that license fee was raised to Hasbro -- to Hasbro Studios, that was more commensurate with the market rate for animation. So we got increased monies for our production of shows domestically from The Hub and was consistent with what people pay for animated programming. So that, of course, changed the economics for Hasbro Studios and for Hasbro, but of course, caused this change in the agreement.
Brian Goldner: If you look over -- I was saying, and if you look over the last 5 years, 98% -- on average, 98% of the International segment's profitability came in the second half of the year. So the fact that it's already showing some good profitability and growth in profitability bodes very well for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Sure. We'll start with the economics first. If you sell a board game, you have an operating profit margin into that board game. And as we know, a lot of board games tend to be very profitable. So call it a high-teens operating profit margin on a board game. On average, if you sell a digital game, the operating profit percentages are different by category: as to mobile game, higher operating profit margins; an online game versus a console game, which have more traditional levels of operating profit margin, given the cost of R&D and development and marketing.  What we are seeing is a significant growth in the number of digital items that we are selling year on year, in fact, EA has come out and published that they now believe there's 1 billion players globally, up from 200 million just a few years ago. So just like their business, our business is trending toward that significant inflection point, where you are not only collecting analog dollars but lots of digital dimes. And we don't see them as substitutional to a very different experience. When you play a MONOPOLY game on your smartphone or you play SCRABBLE on your iPad, that's a very different game than playing face-to-face.  And one of the key consumer insights that we are seeing as we do quantitative research is that face-to-face gaming are still something people really want and they seek out. And our Games business can absolutely grow. In fact, in the second quarter, our International games business grew. We've been working through the issues in our U.S. business, but overall, you will see more marriages of digital and analog. You'll see more new reinventions of our analog business and off-the-board games that will come into the future. So we think you can grow both.
Deborah Thomas: The one thing that you're seeing impacting in the second quarter that normally it wouldn't have as much of an impact is the level of closeout inventory sales that we had particularly in the United States in the quarter. Because while we took all of the charges associated with writing that inventory down last year to the level we would sell it at, we had a higher level of revenue at little to no margin. Now typically, we always have closeout sales, but they come closer to the holiday period when revenues are higher, so you don't see that impact. So I do think you're seeing some of that in the quarter as well. But on a full year, as Brian said, we still expect our gross margins to be in that 58-point-something-percent range.
Deborah Thomas: I think, gross margins would have been up absent those 2 things, Michael. Given the mix of our products in the sales we talked about the strength of TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE. And when we do have these entertainment-driven properties, we tend to have a higher gross margins to offset the higher royalty costs. So we will get those things together. And I think, if we had looked at those 2 things together, absent the closeout and the impact of the manufacturing slowdown on the game side, you would have -- we would've seen this be up.
Deborah Thomas: No. I mean, we do expect to have more closeout sales in the second half of the year, but as we get closer to the holiday season, it really gets leveraged against the revenue growth -- the additional revenue growth of some other parts of the business. So we don't expect -- well, we have more, we don't expect that we'll see an impact similar to what we saw this quarter.
Deborah Thomas: And because of that change in the agreement, it just triggered The Hub management to do a review of -- for impairment of their goodwill. And they have completed that review of goodwill impairment, and we don't expect any write-downs to be reported by The Hub in connection with that. They just have to have their auditors need to finish auditing the procedures, and that's nearly complete.
Deborah Thomas: Certainly, about -- at the end of the quarter, we had about $60 million on our balance sheet. And during the quarter, we spent about $22 million.
Sean McGowan: Okay. Now regarding the impact of closeouts on margins, do you think that, that's now been normalized, or should we expect that to continue in the second half? The impact from gross margin, that is.
Sean McGowan: But it won't be something that you need to call out? That's your expectation, that it's not going to have...
Sean McGowan: Okay. And you've mentioned all those other additional revenues sources that you might not have had last time around.
