Brian D. Goldner: Yes, good morning, Sean. We will start to see Hasbro Studios and Hasbro brands properties coming out from Backflip Studios this third and fourth quarter. We've had a few that were more about network building than revenue generation early on, but you'll see a significant increase in Hasbro Studios brand, Hasbro brands properties. The other element is they are working on some new exciting brands within the Backflip portfolio, including something very exciting with DragonVale.
Brian D. Goldner: No. They continue to have NinJump and Paper Toss and several other brands that they launched, PLUNDERNAUTS and Seabeard, but DragonVale, obviously, is the largest brand, their Franchise Brand, if you will, and they're working on an exciting new initiative around DragonVale for the second half of this year.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we actually -- for 2015, there are a couple of things going on. So there are more than 2 initiatives that are going on that we'll launch in 2015. We'll have 2 sets, but then we also have an additional, the core set. So in fact, it's a transition, and the teams got some pretty robust storytelling plans around that brand. And again, we're very excited about what we're seeing in MAGIC, the momentum in MAGIC continues. The number of Friday gaming sessions has increased. We're up to nearly 7,000 every Friday, where fans are getting together to play. We have additional tournaments this year around several of the releases. By summer, we'll have a tournament that will actually take place in 3 different countries around the world. So in fact, I think MAGIC and the opportunity for MAGIC players to play face-to-face in a number of different ways increases throughout the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think you have to -- you divide up our business between our domestic inventory that we carry into the U.S. into our warehouses. Our team did a tremendous job of thinking through what might happen with West Coast ports and brought more into the East Coast throughout 2014. We didn't advance shipments. We just took those shipments, and took the extra time that we knew it would take to get to the East Coast. It resulted in slightly higher cost, although we expanded the U.S. business' operating margin at the same time. The impact really comes when you look at the way retailers take their FOB or direct import shipments because they, in certain instances, continued to bring those into the West Coast more prevalently, and that's why we commented that early in the year, you might see some shipments continue to come in to the first quarter, but we think for the full year, we don't see any impact to our 2015 numbers.
Brian D. Goldner: I think it's not prevalent among retailers. I think there's probably 1 or 2 retailers that their direct import business will carry over into 2015 a bit. And so I think in the first quarter, certainly, we're going to see a little bit of that come in, not impacting Hasbro per se, as much as maybe their total direct import shipments, but we don't think that, that has an impact beyond the first half of the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. In the U.S., what I was saying is that our POS in the fourth quarter and for the full year was down slightly single digits. However, it was really impacted by high dollar sales items like Furby, and obviously, the dollar sales associated BEYBLADE. So my point was, if you took out either of those initiatives, our POS for the year in the quarter would have been up. So again, it's not related to the underlying strength of several of our segments, it was related to the absolute dollars, and please keep in mind that POS doesn't count all of the sales that we have in the U.S. because, obviously, MAGIC -- 4/5 of MAGIC is outside of the purview of major retailers and POS inside NPD is about 90% of our sales, so they're sales outside. Then if you look at our international business, POS both for the quarter and for the full year was up significantly in a number of markets, was up overall, with the exception of really 2 where we have data. So it was up in Canada, up in Mexico, Australia, up in the U.K., up in Spain, and POS was down single digits in France and Germany.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think that in the short term, it impacts our business. Longer term, we've already heard from several customers who plan to expand their businesses in Canada, who had great success in Canada, and so we think this is more of a short-term issue as stores and store locations close, change hands, and perhaps reopen under new ownership. And it's just a matter of working through that process. Overall, the Canadian business in terms of POS was quite good for the year, and our brands continue to resonate quite well up there. So I think this is a matter of working through some shorter-term issues, 2015 related issues as we change out for kind of dominant retailers in that territory.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. Why don't I -- I'll start with the brand, and then Deb can -- will come back and talk about expanding operating margins. I think STAR WARS, there are several elements to the brand that are both new and different as we go forward this year. Obviously, the new initiative, we saw great success around the television that was on in the fourth quarter of 2014, and how it helped to drive the STAR WARS brand. We all know how content really drives that brand, as well as many others. We're very excited about the movie, but the movie does come later in the year, December 18, 2015, and so therefore, I would expect that our revenues for the first movie would be split across calendar years, and I would hope that people would recognize that you'd see a couple of quarters of impact to STAR WARS this year, and then into '16 for several quarters, and really into what becomes several years of STAR WARS positive impact between the trilogy movies, and then the new stories that will be told. The second piece, as you asked about globality, clearly, what we've seen in MARVEL is the impact of Disney, our partnership with Disney, our increasing global scope and scale, their increased global scope and scale. We're seeing a more internationally-oriented MARVEL business. We also saw a more internationally-oriented TRANSFORMERS business this past year because we are having impact in so many territories, and we would expect that to carry forward for STAR WARS. As we are starting to see increases in operating margin in those regions, we would expect over time to see increases in operating margin, but recognize that, today, our international territories in Emerging Markets operating margin are below the company average operating margin. So I think that, that does have a mitigating impact in the short term and an expanded operating margin opportunity in the longer term. The last piece I'll note is that the excitement around STAR WARS is significant, and I think that there are a number of licensees that have the opportunity to share in that brand, and therefore, we are going to do all that we can. We have an amazing innovations in action figures and role play and games and several other categories. We can't wait to show the line. There are others that also will have the opportunity to sell in market, STAR WARS product coming this fall, and then throughout the trilogy series.
Brian D. Goldner: And while we're continuing to drive, develop and create new storytelling, our cash expense in storytelling have declined '14 versus '13. And as we build efficiencies and experience in how to create content, we're able to sort of take that into account as we go forward.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look at the -- if you take our total cost of goods, it's 39.7% this past year. If you take the percentage that's resin, it's 5.7 percentage points of that 39.7%. So actually, labor and paperboard are higher as a percent of cost as a component of our total cost of goods. So what we've seen in the past, what we tend to see, is that resin falls in arrears to oil prices because, obviously, it's a produced product beyond just crude oil. So over time, we would expect to get some benefit, but again, try to size the impact overall.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. Yes, so if we look at Europe, we said that the revenues were up 6% for the year in Europe, obviously, up stronger in Emerging Markets, so Eastern Europe and Russia were up better than that. Our inventories are very much in line with our sales. If you look at inventories at year-end, you'll see that they are really aligned to where the sales have occurred. So across Europe, what we saw is that POS increases were absolutely in that range. U.K., for example, was 8% POS increase for the year, and I would say that inventories today are very much in line with those kinds of sales increases. We don't see significant issues and pockets of inventory. I think we've managed that very well. The inventory is really following the rate of sale globally. Inventories also, obviously, going into Latin America. We don't have specific POS data the way that it's reported through NPD. We have our own data, and we've seen great performance throughout Latin America. Obviously, the region was up by 14%, and we saw great growth in -- not only Brazil, but Columbia, Peru and into Mexico, and I would say, again, we're very comfortable with the inventories we have, and the inventories are following our sales growth globally.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, let me say it this way because we've look at, and really thought about where our business is in '15, and you're right, we don't provide specific guidance. But I would tell you that we feel very comfortable in saying that our underlying growth in our brands and our underlying growth in our operating profit in '15 should be positive. We feel we have the initiatives, certainly, across all of our major segments. As we look at FX, there's really 3 elements to the impact of 4x. It was the size of change, the rate of change and then the range of currencies impacted. In the case of the fourth quarter, all 3 came in at high levels, if you will, the size of the change, the speed of the change and the rate of currency. Obviously, with a bit more time, we start to address that. Deb noted that in her comments that we begin to address that as we look at our longer-term cost of goods and in the short-term pricing for products to recover those revenues and earnings power in the country. So I would be -- it would be too early for us to say one way or the other, because again, we don't know exactly where FX will be. But I will tell you, the underlying strength of our company and the strength of our people running countries around the world, I feel very confident in the underlying strength of our brands and our trajectory for 2015.
Brian D. Goldner: That's right, yes. The underlying strength means absent FX. I don't know if you want to comment further.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, although we'd all like to move beyond the comparisons, I think BEYBLADE becomes de minimis in 2015. Furby has performed very well, was down to a significant degree, but please remember that in non-English-speaking markets, Furby Boom just launched in fall of 2014. So Furby still represents a sizable brand and business in our international market, and therefore, we'll probably continue to talk about Furby comparisons for a bit of time.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Well, thank you for the question. If you look over the last 5 years, this management team has returned 143% of net earnings to its shareholders via both the dividend and the share buyback. Last year, nearly $680 million returned, $217 million of which was in a dividend, $461 million of which was in buybacks. Deb will talk more about capital structure, but you have a management team that's very committed to returning excess capital to shareholders. We still also believe strongly in investing in our business, and we're also building our brands and innovation insight and storytelling capabilities organically as we speak, and certainly we think given the global growth potential of something like MAGIC: THE GATHERING, and its strong profitability that enjoys investing in that brand for longer-term growth is certainly warranted, and I think something our shareholders would support. And in terms of specific M&A, there's not anything that we look at today that where we say that there's something out there that we're thinking about at all, and that we continue to be skeptical about M&A activity. I think that we focus on our brand blueprint, and the acquisition we made in Backflip were really working to get Backflip to grow and to invest there so that we can be more a player in that mobile gaming space where we see both kids and casual players going.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think there are really 3 elements to our brand building and the way we look at brand building. The first in the early 2000s was building our core brands, which are now Franchise Brands, and continuing to foster growth there; secondly, major brand adjacencies. You've seen the success of things like NERF REBELLE, DOHVINCI, EQUESTRIA GIRLS. You'll continue to see those adjacencies. And as we move forward here over the next bit, including 2015, you're going to see some new brands, and we'll begin to add new brands. Some of them will be vault brands that Hasbro owns and controls, and some will be new brands that we invent, and some may be some from our partners over the next period of time, and we'll talk more about that. John Frascotti will lead the discussion of that on Friday as we start to talk about 2015, and you'll certainly see entrance in all 3 of those areas. We do believe that our Franchise Brands can be much larger. We're starting to see our brands get to highest ever revenues. We talked about how NERF is performing, and certainly, PLAY-DOH and MY LITTLE PONY, and that we've moved those brands significantly versus when we first started, but there's still a lot of headroom and growth for our Franchise Brands globally over the next several years.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. We saw very strong growth with our Franchise Brands in our Girls business. The one headwind I talked about in Girls was Furby, and I would say that unfortunately, to talk about Furby as a headwind, it's one of our brands, but it was a headwind. It was a headwind in the fourth quarter, had a large impact in the fourth quarter, and frankly, throughout the year, but clearly, the fourth quarter had significant impact. If we look at the growth of our Franchise Brands, MY LITTLE PONY had a very strong year, up double digits, both in the fourth quarter and for the full year, EQUESTRIA GIRLS contributed significantly to that brand. In addition, NERF REBELLE has really performed well. PLAY-DOH DOHVINCI is off to a very strong start. So I would not view the Frozen success in any way as impeding our progress as a company. We think that Frozen and the Princes business is very complementary to what we are currently working on, and EQUESTRIA GIRLS is very different than the Frozen brand and recipients of those 2 brands, very complementary. So what we would say is a great opportunity for growth, we're very excited about the developments we are undertaking in 2015 around Frozen and Disney Princess, and we're very excited about 2016 as we bring product out to the market, and we may show you a few things later this week that are equally exciting for 2015 in our Girls arena, but I'll leave that to the team to share that with you on Friday.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. If you talk about the Boys business, I know that we're talking about tough comparisons, but we have a line up, as I indicated a year ago. We said we were entering the first year of an unprecedented era of new Boys entertainment coming to the market, and 2015, in our mind, is even better than 2014. You have Avengers that comes in early May. You have Jurassic World. We have Ant Man, the Fantastic Four, and then, obviously, in December, you have STAR WARS. So I would say that as we look at the year, we feel very good about the underlying strength of our brands, and we feel good about each of our categories of product that we're bringing to the marketplace. What we obviously are contending with was a very fast-changing foreign exchange environment. Over the longer term, companies like Hasbro have always been able to adapt to marketplace factors, and can address those issues, and we are already underway in addressing those issues, but, clearly, given the size and rate of change of ForEx, I would say that, that's probably, in the short term, the biggest headwind. And everything that management and our teams can control, we are controlling toward growth, with good momentum coming into '15. I also mentioned that our POS is quite good, is up in the U.S. and is quite strong throughout Europe, 2015 POS. So we're off to a very good start.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, what I had said, Greg, was just to be clear, absent either BEYBLADE or a Furby, you would see positive POS in the fourth quarter for our brands. So what that speaks to is the underlying strength of our brands, particularly, our Franchise Brands. Our Franchise Brand POS in the full year was up 30%, and revenues were up 30% as well. So we've seen strong growth in Franchise Brands, obviously, up some comparisons in -- comparing Furby and BEYBLADE, obviously, have some impact to overall POS. And then of course, MAGIC: THE GATHERING in the U.S. is outside of 80% of that business outside of the NPD data or the POS data, and we have said that MAGIC was up. Both in full year, it was up quite strongly in the fourth quarter with the new Khans of Tarkir launch and release, which has been very popular among players. So as we look at this underlying strength of our brands, Franchise Brands, and then our adjacencies, new brand adjacencies, as well as new brands, we feel that we are well positioned and have good momentum going into 2015.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that we certainly have inventories where we have sales growth. I think they're really well lined-up. I think a year ago, we were still clearing through a little bit of NERF inventory, maybe a little bit of LITTLEST PET SHOP inventory as we were changing over the brand for 2014. So overall, we would say we began the year 2015 with inventories in a good place, our retail inventories in a very good place, and our own inventories are strong as well and in the right spot. U.S. inventory is down. International inventory is up, and it tracks quite well up against the sales increases we've seen country-by-country.
Brian D. Goldner: Actually, I would say that you're going to see innovation across all the categories of our brands, and you'll see that on Friday. You're going to see new brand initiatives, core franchise initiatives and adjacencies, new in several instances, and we're going to take advantage of the momentum we have in our brands and add to that. And we've spent a significant amount of time looking at proprietary consumer research. Our team over the last year has interacted with nearly 80,000 consumers, kids and parents, in several countries around the world. So our investments in consumer insight are really leading us to these innovations and marketing initiatives because we want to understand our consumers and our audiences better than anybody else.
Brian D. Goldner: In Preschool, we've really seen that as kids have gotten a bit more media-savvy at a younger age that, clearly, characters and story-led brands are winning today. We've seen that in our own portfolio, where our TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS performed quite well. We also have early creativity brands like PLAY-DOH, which have performed incredibly well and are doing so globally. It's one of our most global brands. I think that our focus has been in core PLAYSKOOL to bring some level of value to the company back in getting our profit margins more in line with our expectations, ensuring that we have innovative products that are valuable to the consumer and our customers, and also provide a good operating return to Hasbro. So looking at the innovations, and you'll see some things at the end of the week that bring great innovation back to that core PLAYSKOOL business, and do so in a way that enables our customers and Hasbro to make money, and I think that's one of the watchwords. The other area that we're very excited about is in SESAME STREET. Again, I don't want to steal the team's thunder, but there's some new product in that area for the fourth -- third and fourth quarter that is very exciting and very intuitive, so we're looking forward to launching that as well.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. In fact, we noted that since the relaunch in October, we had aired over 1,000 hours of programming on the channel, and it's, on average, about 68 hours a week. So we're primarily programming the daytime kids day parts. We have a range of library shows that are running, plus new shows that we're producing. As Deb said, we're then able to take those shows out around the world. One of the changes that we made as a result of the new relationship, the amended relationship, is the ability to take some of our shows out beyond the channel for a first run. So Transformers: Robots in Disguise, which is the new series, will air globally on Cartoon Network beginning next month, so that's a change. So both domestically and internationally, we'll air on Cartoon Network. What we're really seeing for the network is that it's performing quite well, particularly, for girls and younger boys, but we have this opportunity for a show like TRANSFORMERS that skews a bit, older boy, to go out to a network that's more suited for that programming.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, typically, the range for shipping product is somewhere between 4 and 8 weeks before the launch of the movie. So Avengers is May 1. So in that range, you'll see the different retailers, depending on how quickly they're setting. And Jurassic mid-June. Minions is July 10. Ant Man's the 17 of July. Fantastic 4 is August 7, and then STAR WARS is December 18. STAR WARS, you'll probably see an effort that begins more in the fall with classic product, and then rolls into the movie product about on the timetable I just outlined. And then obviously, STAR WARS will continue into 2016. And each of those, as you'll recall, Gerrick, will have the kind of prior to movie, and then of course, they have windows as the movie hits, all different home entertainment windows marketing around that, new products around that. So it's not just the one and done window. It will carry forward for the year.
Brian D. Goldner: I'm not going to get specific on the call here, but I would say that you will see STAR WARS-related product on shelves in September overall, and then movie product will feather in as we get closer to the movie.
Brian D. Goldner: We had a few non-core brands, where we didn't control the brand, where we had some underlying license rights that we sold to a third-party.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we feel very good about our reserves. Obviously, related to inventory and to promotions, and we enter the year with good momentum. We talked about early POS, and feel like we have the inventory in the right place, both in the U.S. and globally.
Deborah M. Thomas: So the other things that are impacting our margin, we did see an improvement in our gross margin this year, and that was due to the success of our brands, particularly our Franchise Brands. But one of the headwinds that we talked about for next year is foreign exchange. Many of our product costs are denominated in U.S. or Hong Kong dollars, which had stayed pretty stable, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against foreign exchange. So while over the longer term we do have the opportunity, as Brian was saying, to really adjust for the currency impact because of the rate and pace of the change, it had a more significant impact for us in the fourth quarter, but will continue to have an impact to us in 2015. So as far as hedging, as you know, we hedged a substantial amount of our product purchases, but not all of it. And I think on a blended basis, we've hedged about just under 70% for 2015. So we'll continue to be impacted by currency from that, and we will continue to invest in MAGIC: THE GATHERING online and in projects that create the longer-term cost efficiency. So we've talked about in the past our $100 million cost-savings initiative, which we've established about $90 million through the end of 2014, and we've identified that final $10 million, we'll talk a little bit more about that on Friday. But for us, it's really about investing in our business and putting things in place that create those longer-term efficiencies, still allowing us to invest in creative storytelling and innovative product line. So the one other thing that we have impacting our margins on the shorter-term basis is the development expense for Disney Princess and Frozen line because I'll just remind you, we don't have revenue that coincides with that until 2016.
Deborah M. Thomas: We have, and we do, as Brian said, we feel pretty good about the initiatives we have for '15 and the underlying top and bottom line strength of our business. But I'll remind you, in case you missed it in our prepared remarks, currency does have a big impact on a translation standpoint, and we don't hedge for translation, and at current rates, it would had about a $250 million impact on our reported earnings for 2015 -- '14.
Deborah M. Thomas: Felicia, if I had my crystal ball and I could do foreign exchange, I'd be happy to share that with you, but I do think it's important. If we just look at current rates, as Brian said, it really is the rate and pace of change. So rates declined so significantly at the end of the fourth quarter, and continued to go down into January. And of late, they've been a little bit more stable, but still went down from there. At current rates would have had a $250 million impact to our reported revenues. That being said, over the long term, we believe it will still have about a 10 -- any impact you model in from foreign exchange would have about a 10% to 15% impact to earnings over the longer term.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. Well, certainly, from our television development strategy, as Brian mentioned earlier, we remain committed to our storytelling capabilities because we really see the benefit that has in our brand. And while we develop programming for Discovery Family Channel, which we will continue to do, we then take that programming and leverage it by selling it internationally and through other channels. So it really is more of an effort in that spend for us than just the U.S. brand, but what we've seen now is Discovery Family is that the network continues to perform well. As we said, we had some charges that we kind of called out in the third and fourth quarter just because they're not ongoing, but overall, the network has moved to a profit, and we continue to expect it to do well. We'll still program a good part of the day part, and so our programming still is doing very well on Discovery Family Channel.
Deborah M. Thomas: Well, we did say that, as we mentioned in the third quarter, we expected to be at/or above the high-end of our normal 4.5% to 5% range, and did have an impact. So our development expense was 5.2% of revenue for the full year of '14. We do expect that given development in our innovation, but also the impact, particularly of developing for the Disney Princess and Frozen line, without the related revenue, that we will be in the 5% to 5.5% range for 2015.
