Brian Goldner: Sure. We did have a number of headwinds going into the year that we had spoken about, $26 million in Toys "R" Us shipments for the first quarter of last year, a shift of Easter to the second quarter, and of course, last year, Black Panther had performed incredibly well during the first quarter. Having said that, the team has done a very good job of growing our brands in the quarter. We saw growth in the Franchise Brands and Gaming and Emerging Brands, and we expect to see our Partner Brands begin to accelerate as we enter the second quarter. We've already seen Avengers performing well over-the-counter as we head to the movie this week later in the year and early in the third quarter, we'll have the Spider-Man movie, and so again entertainment progresses throughout the year and we're supporting our entertainment brands across a number of dimensions. We've also seen some really good progress in Europe, but I would encourage you to again think about our full year belief about getting back to profitable growth, and we'll see more new initiatives coming throughout the year. This is always a small quarter for us. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing. It's a bit more revenue than we'd expected, and we are seeing the early signs of that acceleration in Magic: The Gathering in both Arena as well as tabletop revenues, both being up in the quarter. We're seeing a number of new in-store players as well as new players, and so that also bodes well for that brand for the year and beyond. As we look at POS and we take year-to-date POS through both years and to date, we're seeing that overall POS is down in the low-single digits, so we did see an acceleration of POS. Easter-to-Easter POS was up in the mid-single digits. And so, again the progress is really starting to take hold in the second quarter. So, we think the cadence of our business is as we described it earlier in the year. We are very committed to returning to profitable growth, and we think we're off to a very good start. The team has done a very good job around the world.
Brian Goldner: The lumpiness we normally would see in that quarter would be in the areas of film and television as we get paid for certain streaming income and certain streaming revenues as we deliver episodes typically. The rest follows cadence off of entertainment. We've talked before about Consumer Products licensing, revenues coming after entertainment initiatives by the company as we collect royalties and can count royalty income that comes into the company. And we did see good progress in Consumer Products this quarter. We've obviously had some great entertainment that's come over the last few quarters and notably in Bumblebee and other brands. And then, as we go forward, we expect that the new digital delineation will be important as the brands around Wizards of the Coast continue to grow. We've talked about a number of initiatives that the brands intend to execute over time not just arena. We have a new game in test market in the first quarter that's more of a casual mobile game, Valor's Reach, and we expect to continue to see revenues in that area. We're not going to break out the revenues by each area but suffice it to say that digital gaming was up Consumer Products, and of course, we talked about the first time we're reporting Arena and other games from Wizards of the Coast separately and ELB.
Brian Goldner: No. There's no real update thus far. We were very happy to see our Mythic Invitational at PAX East perform so incredibly well and the momentum around the game is palpable. It was great to see the fans enjoying the tournament, and also to see the response to War of the Spark and the new storytelling that comes in Q2 this year both in cards as well as on Arena. And I think the lineup and how they've synchronized the storytelling between the 2 platforms is really helping us as we do engage more players in tabletop as well as in the Arena game. And so, I’m really looking forward to quarters to come and years to come around Magic: The Gathering, both Arena and tabletop.
Brian Goldner: Okay. Europe has seen profit improvement in the quarter in a substantial way. We've seen a number of markets perform above a year ago, and we're seeing a lot of progress in markets like France, Germany and Russia and Spain, reengaging consumers with new initiatives and the performance there is quite good. The reason we continue to talk about stabilization is the fact that revenues did grow 8% in the quarter, but were down 1% as reported. Obviously, FX will have an impact throughout the year as we've seen in the first quarter. Also I know it is limited data, it's only the first couple of months, but thus far, according to NPD, Europe is down and also U.K. is down even more sizably. So we want to continue to see progress in those markets. We've seen progress in the U.K. We're clearly seeing great progress across the European business. The team's doing a great job in onboarding new capabilities and engaging across a growing array of retail footprint and new retailers, which is fantastic. We're seeing that around the world as we continue to expand the retail footprint, and we're seeing growth in new retail channels as well as growth with some of our mass-market partners and online. But again it's early days, and we feel that we're making the kind of progress we expected to make and the team is doing a great job.
Brian Goldner: Yes, sure. While we've seen really good momentum in TRANSFORMERS and we saw growth in the quarter, we've also seen a reengagement of our fans and as well engaging kids. The home entertainment has been very strong for the brand, and we're seeing great progress there. Overall, our Franchise Brands grew quite substantially and PLAY-DOH was off to a good start. MONOPOLY continues to perform at a high level. And then, of course, Magic and Magic Arena is doing really well and early days and that's certainly a strong contributor to growth in the quarter. And yes, we had expected to have advertising, marketing and additional spending around e-sports come later in the year. So our expectation was some more of those revenues might come around more of those type of initiatives once we get broader and we launch and go from open beta. We've just seen great progress and great engagement with the game and I think that those are some of the key drivers. And then there are brands underneath those brands that are also growing some growth in games and other key brands across the portfolio. But I think that that's clearly been one of the key drivers as the growth of Franchise Brands. Europe has made good progress, and we're very pleased with what the team has accomplished there. And yet, it's still early days. And so our expectation for the year continues to be profitable growth, and certain brands are ahead of our expectations.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Look, I think it's great to start a year with the growth of Franchise Brands and the growth of Magic. And I think -- one of the conversations we've had has been as Arena has come to the fore, what would happen to tabletop? And what's heartening to me is to see the engagement the team is creating in-store and with new players. The kinds of new card releases that they're putting out in addition to some of the story-led releases like War of the Spark are really engaging players in-store giving them an easier on-ramp to learn the game. And that's really taken hold. TRANSFORMERS, it's great to see that in addition to great box office and very strong performance in China within the global box office, to see the home entertainment perform at such a high level, to see our business across multiple dimensions performing. We have the additional content from kids, our core audience as well as the fan-oriented content all driving growth in engagement in that brand. A new approach to PLAY-DOH that includes online, social and entertainment, that's really taken hold and some new innovation there. Our wheel segment to get down a little closer to the earth so to speak. And PLAY-DOH is off to a very good start, so new ways to play with the brand. And throughout the year, you're going to see new innovations. So it's great to see the momentum the team is creating early in the year.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well first, we're seeing continued growth in online revenues. They were increased in high single digits in the quarter. Both pure-play e-com is up and our Amazon business continues to be up, but we're also seeing growth in sales around Walmart and Target and others. In Q1, we also saw the fan grocery, drug, club, department stores and convenience channels posting revenue growth. And then what's also interesting we talked about that Toys “R” Us was no longer in the U.S., but around the world toy specialty had taken hold. And if you exclude Toys “R” Us, toy specialty was also up in the quarter. And if so, whether it's Smyths Toys in Europe or new Toys “R” Us ownership in certain regions, we are seeing momentum there. I mean there are a couple of areas where we're yet to see that momentum.  In the Pacific markets like Australia, we're still not seeing the growth in that market according to NPD because of the loss of Toys “R” Us. And there are few other markets like the U.K. that still are down across the industry, but we're making good progress there to recapture share. And so I think, we talked about the objective of share recapture last year. We'd said we'd seen more share shifts through the holiday period versus share recapture. Now we're starting to see that share recapture that we'd intended to create. We're seeing a lot of merchandising for our products around our Franchise Brands and gaming as well as our Partner Brands coming into the year. And so more linear footage from nontraditional areas, but certainly great core partnerships as we go forward with retailers and it's really great to see.
Brian Goldner: You know the team has created lots of demand around that brand in new and different ways. Going forward, we're breaking ground on new media models and partnership with people like -- companies like Netflix where we'll have a whole new entertainment initiative coming next year. The streams of content that we have, have really enabled our brand to step forward. And I'm not going to comment on one year versus another, but I do think that the way we're approaching TRANSFORMERS is really benefiting us. Our fan business is quite strong. This is where our initiative like HasbroPulse is also taking hold, and we've seen really good early results there where we've offered either first-to-market or exclusive product really engaging our fan. We do believe that fan economy is quite strong. So TRANSFORMERS is one of our biggest fan-oriented brands in the company, and we continue to want to drive fan business behind TRANSFORMERS and STAR WARS and MARVEL and PRINCESS and even MY LITTLE PONY. But for TRANSFORMERS, it's clearly benefiting the brand. So as we go forward, we're starting to work on the next movie, but there's a plenty of content coming for that brand over time.
Brian Goldner: Yes. We've said that if we had a number of things break right for us, we felt that 2020 could be like 2017, and we continue to believe that. Again we're making good progress. It's great to see the momentum coming out of the first quarter. I think many people have asked and wondered whether the company would grow absent Toys “R” Us or how it would grow and so if you want to demonstrate that we're going to grow this year in a profitable manner. And then the team has done a great job in finding new retailers and new points of distribution and new modalities to sell around the world. And it's great to see many of the new capabilities and approach in Europe taking hold as well. So again, early days, but we believe that 2020 can look like 2017 as a few things break right for us.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Latin America overall's looked good. It's grown -- obviously better growth absent forex. POS was up. Clearly, a market that had a less of an impact from shifting Toys “R” Us tides and we do have a toy specialty down there in market. Our emerging market business, which would include Brazil, was up in the quarter absent foreign exchange. So you know again making some progress. Brazil is not completely in the clear, but we're seeing a substantial progress versus where we were a year ago. Mexico has performed at a very high level and other markets up and down in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: First, it's really heartening to see that more than 700 million games have been played thus far in the open beta. On average, people are spending about 8 hours per week. In Q1, we did more than double the viewer hours on Twitch for the Magic brand and now, Magic Arena is the top 10 e-sports brand. In fact, it's about #8. It was Top 3 during the Mythic Invitational event in that weekend. Our KPIs across the board continue to progress in terms of retention, engagement, monetization, and the game does officially launch later this year. We recognize we had $1 million tournament. We've said this year we would have a $10 million price pool. So we still have more -- the majority of the money to spend the rest of the year as well as bulk of the advertising and marketing related to going beyond the core fan to engage new fans that we're seeing coming to stores and starting to trial the game online. But that's -- our intention is to continue to build this as a very watchable, very engaging brand for gamers of all ages. It's exciting to see -- early days and exciting to see.
Brian Goldner: Yes. China in the first quarter was up and -- for the company and POS looks good as well. For Avengers, we're incredibly excited. It's really early days. If you recall, last year, we had begun merchandising in Avengers: Infinity War a few weeks earlier in early March versus later in March this year. So we have about a 3 or 4-week shift in timing, but early days. Last 2, 3 weeks have been very strong. Marvel has historically been a key driver of our business, and we supported fully across every dimension from kids through fans and families. We're also focused on preschool. Our Mega Mighties in that area of our business is new initiative for the -- from the team is off to a very strong start. So we're focused on the preschool business as well with new innovative products for preschoolers. But we feel that Marvel and Avengers is going to have a very big year and you're right, China is a part of that equation.  For Bumblebee, it goes beyond the movie to overall TRANSFORMERS. It's more of the more beloved brands in China. We're very happy to be in partnership with CCTV on a television episodic program that will go on air later this year in prime time on national television called Transformers Nezha. It's based on a combination of TRANSFORMERS and Chinese mythology, but the entertainment looks so good that broadcasters around the world are starting to say, this could be something we take out globally. And we're very excited about continuing to build that relationship with CCTV, other relationships with Tencent, between Magic and things we're doing in our entertainment business. They were part of the funding of the Bumblebee movie. And it's very exciting to see what's possible in China. And again, still early days after a number of years.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, the launch of POWER RANGERS is starting in North America. The line launch there. We had some products ship in Q1, but limited. It will roll out in the subsequent quarters, both in North America and around the world. I'm very pleased with the ratings of the new show. It's a ratings leader in its time slot. It's offering a very strong lead out. And Nickelodeon's been a very good partner and helping us to market the new series. The team has done a great job in producing this transition from Saban to our own studio has been seamless, and I give the team a lot of credit for producing such a high quality show that's really beloved by kids and improved in a number of ways from the last production. So we're, obviously, very excited about POWER RANGERS, not only for this year, 9 months, but for 2020 as we'll have a full year impact. So very good there. And second question...
Brian Goldner: Sure. Sorry. On NERF, really excited to see the take away on Fortnite. That initiative now is rolling out around the world, but in the U.S. over the last 3 weeks and then going into Europe, it's been very strong. So it's great to be able to play the game in real life, and I think people are really responding to all of the marketing and content that's being created around that by us and by fans. Later this year, the team has an array of new initiatives and innovations coming. We've talked about covering multiple price points and providing innovation and high quality product at every price point and you'll see that, and that's about all say at this point. But stay tuned, it's a very exciting lineup for NERF not only for '19, but 2020 and beyond.
Brian Goldner: Sure. The team has put together a nice line up for Toy Story, particularly around Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head. As you know, they've been among the cast of the movie and -- historically and it's exciting to see them in the trailers that we've seen thus far, and so you'll see some initiatives from us around some key characters and around the brand.
Brian Goldner: Yes, we saw an incremental space in the first quarter. We've also seen it beyond our top retailers where we have performed quite well and they've had space a lot of those initiatives are also increasing as we get into this early second quarter recognized at Easter was in the second quarter. The boys' action isle for example a major retailer gets set closer to the Avengers movie. We said Avengers at the end of March around the world. So we are seeing incremental space there, but also as we go out, we talked about these new channels. We've seen great support around the new channels of retail in this first half of the year. And it's indicative of the momentum we're seeing Easter-to-Easter where we said we're up mid-single digits and year-to-date, we're just down couple of percent if we take year versus year recognizing we're still up against some Toys “R” Us headwinds for the first half of the year.
Brian Goldner: I think a number of things. I think that given the liquidation it had us changing strategy at that point, we thought we have far more new initiatives coming in the second quarter this year than we had a year ago, whether it's NERF Fortnite or the Avengers lineup followed by Spider-Man. We're also seeing really good momentum in BABY ALIVE and some new initiatives there. So I think it had to do with all of us trying to understand the market impact the year ago versus going back to our focus on innovation and insights in storytelling for this year and demonstrating that we can grow absent Toys “R” Us.
Brian Goldner: Yes. Overall, we're in the home entertainment window. Home entertainment is performing at a higher level than our original estimates. So that's quite good. We'll have some estimates from the studio coming up shortly as to where we'll be. And as Deb said, the income or cost associated with the movie will come later this year. The sales associated with Bumblebee have been quite strong. It's also haloed across the brand. We've done a number of what we call G1 or Generation 1 product lines for a number of retailers that have been reminiscent of our '80s product lines as a result of celebrating the '80s is part of the movie. So it's had an impact in our toys and games business, but also an impact in our mobile gaming business as TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS has picked up on content around Bumblebee as well are Consumer Products business. And that's in fact why you're seeing Consumer Products -- partly why you're seeing Consumer Products growing in the quarter.
Brian Goldner: No. We didn't really -- there weren't really no pull-ins. As I mentioned, the only brand that was only a few million dollars that shipped in the first quarter that was intended for the initiatives that kickoff in the second quarter was POWER RANGERS because, of course, we couldn't put the product on shelf until the very end of the first quarter, which is in fact what we did, and it was only in North America.
Deborah Thomas: I think the team is working on that right now, and when we have it available, we'll disclose it. But right now, just to put it in perspective, it was about $10 million in the first quarter, which we had talked about we reclassified, and it would be $58 million for the full year, and the business is not as -- it's not as cyclical perhaps as the rest of our business, but in the first quarter, obviously, it made a bigger difference just because it's the first quarter and it's a low revenue quarter.
Deborah Thomas: Yes. We still expect to repurchase between $100 million and $150 million, obviously, subject to market condition. And during the first period again just within -- you know, we put a grid in place that we repurchase up too. We just hit that amount within the grid. They just stay so much, but no change to our guidance for the full year.
Deborah Thomas: We also saw some earlier benefit from cost savings than we had expected and just good expense management by the team. They are all very focused on the fact that the first quarter is a small quarter and slight differences can have an impact. Some of our expenses, as Brian mentioned, shifted out. And overall on a full year basis, we still think that the guidance that we gave at Toy Fair is still in line with the full year. It's just in a small quarter when you're focused on having some of those things, they can make a difference even to go from a loss to a profit.
Deborah Thomas: Yes. I think we've had Magic on line for quite a while. If you go back just within a material part of the segment, as we reclassified it, I think you'll see most of the revenue from 2018 coming from other digital products rather than Arena.
Deborah Thomas: We started to pick up a bit of revenue from Arena in the fourth quarter, but don't forget we went into open beta kind of...
Deborah Thomas: Sure. So I'll take the cost savings, if that's okay, and then Brian, you can take the second one. From a cost savings standpoint, we are seeing our cost savings in line with where we thought it would be. It was actually a little bit better on the expense management side. We have some shifting of expense out of the quarter as well, but we still believe we're firmly on track to that $50 million to $55 million of net savings this year. And just as a reminder, it's still phasing in, which is why we said we would have a higher amount in 2020 when we get the annualized cost savings, though. I think the way that phasing is going, it will continue on through the first quarter and the second quarter and then we'll start to see kind of that full net savings by the fourth quarter, just the way the phasing is going on timing. As far as the other items, we did mention we've got some expense adjustments that kind of continue on with some of that line items in there including like if there's some compensation expense that's bit lower than a year ago, travel -- it's all things all the way through.  Somewhat offsetting that is we did have some expense with respect to ramping up our warehouse in the U.S. and we talked about that at year-end. So kind of those startup costs we don't expect to have those levels for the rest of the year. And in addition to that, we continue making the investment in our Wizards of the Coast gaming brand. So all the gaming brands, there's an administrative piece that goes with that as well. So we're seeing good cost savings. We -- the whole team around the world, I've to just give them credit, everybody is very focused on expense management as well, and our cost savings are on track and we remain really focused on that. Brian, do you want to...
Deborah Thomas: I think we did see some shifting of expenses till later in the year, but again, I'll go back to what I said earlier is full year guidance remains the same.
