Deb Thomas: Great. Good morning, Steph. Brian, let me lead off, and thanks for the question there. The team delivered tremendous revenue and operating profit margins for the quarter, I mean really good job all the way around. As we've said, we continue to expect that throughout the rest of the year, we'll have solid operating profit margins and that we can achieve the guidance we set out at the beginning of the year to grow revenue you know, double digits and operating profit margins to be in line with a year ago. Over the longer term, in the medium term, we do expect that we can have - grow our operating margin levels greater than 16% on a full-year basis and have cash generation close to that $1 billion level that we saw a year ago. So, excited about what the teams are doing, how they're working, and how they're driving profitability and products. As you know, this year, there are some pressures that are existing out there on the cost side. We've taken pricing that we think will cover all of that, and we expect it to cover it right now. But we still expect there'll be some fluctuation in operating profit level for the rest of the year. But over the long-term, no reason why we won't exceed that 16% level in the future.
Deb Thomas: Certainly. So as we look at the Entertainment business, we've said we believe that film and TV can get back to those 2019 levels. And if you look at Entertainment overall, we think all of our Entertainment segment can get back to about 2019 levels. The second half Music and I know - believe we said this last quarter, but if we didn't, we expect that Music business revenue to be reduced because it's no longer our business by about $60 million to $70 million and about $15 million to $20 million in operating profit over the course of the second half of 2021. So those are the levels that we're talking about.
Deb Thomas: Certainly. Well, as we talked a little bit about this earlier, but I can certainly add some more color. If you think about our Consumer Products business, while we see the Consumer Products Licensing business coming back, Arpine, as retail starts to open, you will also see some pressures on freight costs and moving things around. Now we've taken price increases for that. But you think about all the product that's kind of moving in the second half of the year. So if you go back and look over time, there are some pressures on certain of the quarters operating profit for that. When you think about the Entertainment business, as Brian mentioned, we're very excited for MY LITTLE PONY to launch on Netflix and be able to access all those subscribers. But with that comes the amortization of the cost of the film itself. So when you think about that, that's also going to be coming through in the second half of the year, as well as some of the other entertainment initiatives that we've talked about out there. Wizards, we said earlier in our prepared remarks, they actually outperformed our expectations for the first half of the year. We'll continue to have - or for the second quarter. We'll continue to have amortization of our administrative cost around amortization, depreciation of the games that we have, that are being launched out there in that as well. And that's why last year was just such an exceptional year for Wizards from an operating standpoint, we think that it will be closer to those 2019 levels than 2020 levels this year. So when you add all of that up, it's just those different puts and takes over the last part of - the latter part of the year is what gets us back to our operating profit guidance around the same levels as a year ago.
Deb Thomas: Sure. We do expect, as Brian said, there is great demand for the products that they are bringing in. So as we bring it in and pass it through to our retailer as well, we had an exceptional - I will say, an exceptional DSO from a receivable standpoint this year. And so much of that was dependent on the mix of our revenue and when we shipped items in the quarter and the great work that our teams did on collection. So while I wouldn't expect our DSOs to be at the same level from an DSI standpoint, I do expect our inventory levels to still be in line. With reasonable amounts, our retail inventory is good. We've increased retail inventory in the places where we couldn't have inventory a year ago, we just couldn't get it and we couldn't ship it. So retailers were selling out of everything. So I think our inventory will be in good shape on our books. It will be in good shape on our retailer's books, I think our receivables will be in good shape. So we don't anticipate any unusual draws on our working capital for the full year. And in fact, we still expect our operating cash flows for the full year to be in that $6 to $750 million level for the full year, kind of getting back to that $1 billion level over the medium term.
Deb Thomas: Yeah. I was going to say, and which is fantastic. And you're actually seeing that in the results of the numbers as well. So if you think about what we've had capitalized, we've got about - from a digital gaming standpoint, we have similar levels to what we had at year end. So we've obviously depreciated some and added some to that. And within the results of the segment, we see it all lift up, right. So we see a lift - a lot in digital. And you're seeing that amortization, that user acquisition, those costs within the results of the segment.
Deb Thomas: Sure, absolutely. What we talked earlier about ocean freight in some of our prepared remarks, and we're seeing those costs are over four times higher than what we had been experiencing earlier in the - you know, earlier or last year even. So we expect a lot of those costs to continue. However, as Brian said, the team is doing just a tremendous job, actually getting the product, and that's what's important, right. So we expect between that and some increased input costs you know, that our gross margin - we continue to expect our gross margin to be slightly down from a year ago. And just as a reminder, that's cost of sales, plus program amortization because we're in the great situation that we can actually provide content now and release things theatrically. So we expect that program amortization to go up as well. But between cost of sales and that, we do expect our gross margin to be slightly down from a year ago, but we do expect the price increases that we've taken to offset our increased costs.
Deb Thomas: I think we had talked about this year that just based on, as Brian said, this year, we'll be ramping the lines, and we expect about maybe $78 million [ph] to $85 million of impact to revenue for the full year based on what we're going to launch, but really growing that and growing up to that 80% of the in-source line by 2022. So with the revenue ramping with product as we go forward and margins close to our franchise brands, we're really excited about the future of PEPPA and PJ. And we'll continue to work with some of our great licenses. - licensees that do a terrific job out there as well.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Good morning, Steph. And as we look at the business, clearly, Q2 is an important inflection point for the company and for stakeholders. As we return to growth in our Entertainment business, we're seeing the momentum in our Wizards of the Coast business, and of course continue to see very strong consumer product sales. For the fall, we are lining up with PEPPA and PJ launches. It's great to see those brands in growth mode in Q2. Consumer products returning on those businesses, and PEPPA is the second most viewed pre-school brand in the world and that content consumption really goes unabated as we are in season nine on that brand and in season four PJ MASKS with lots of new content to come. MY LITTLE PONY film is coming in September, its on Netflix, it will be beneficiary of the 200 million subscribers that Netflix has and a really robust array of products, great innovative products from our team, as well as an array of consumer products that come from any number of licensees. Great, big movie sized marketing campaign and a lot of excitement with a whole new core cast with lots of content to follow. In addition to that, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS has its live action film in production. Currently, the team is doing a tremendous job in delivering that film. That will be for first quarter 2023, and I've already seen the plan along with the team for consumer products and licensing were out to our global retailers and their entertainment councils. And it's really the shape of things to come as we activate more Hasbro IP and begin to take them into content, stand them up with great storytelling, and begin to activate them across the flywheel and the blueprint. Then of course, you're seeing Wizards really in the early stages of unlocking the opportunity there as we begin to achieve that doubling of the size of the business and start to set some new objectives and targets for that brand - those brands and that business as we go forward. So overall, this is a very good and important time for us. As we've said, we would return to growth, and it helps us to be as confident as we are in our full year goals and objectives as well as our medium range guidance that we provided.
Brian Goldner: Sure. Well, first, let me remind you that the Consumer Products revenues that were prior reported inside of eOne and moved over to the Consumer Products group. So what you're seeing now in eOne is the Family Brands revenues that comes from entertainment. If you take it in total, in fact, the Family Brands were up in the second quarter, if you look at like by PEPPA PIG and PJ MASKS, and that's taken in total, where you have consumer products, plus entertainment coming from the two different divisions. As we look at Q3 and Q4, we do expect with production returning, we're seeing a great array of deliveries. We expect growth in Q3 and Q4 for the eOne business. We have a number of television series in production for delivery in Q3, and we also have a similar amount for Q4, including a new show for Showtime called Yellowjackets, that come from a way - movie that will be up here on Apple TV on the fall. The fourth season of the Rookie, as well as getting the Family Brands revenues for the new seasons of PEPPA, PJ, and we will get paid for the MY LITTLE PONY movie primarily in the third quarter as we deliver it to Netflix. So I'd say we have a very robust slate of entertainment coming, lots of Hasbro IP in development, and we're very excited about the return to growth for eOne as we had projected.
Brian Goldner: Sure. So if you look at Arena, it's up quite considerably year-over-year. And also, we're really seeing that sustained high level of hourly weeks, hours per week played, so about nine hours a week. And what I would tell you is that the KPIs, if we compare the KPIs of Magic Arena to other top mobile games, we are very competitive, on the comparisons. And it's really part of that virtual circle that we're seeing within the Magic business. Also just to remind you, as we think about the cadence for the full year, we have two major releases in Q3 and just one major release in Q4 this year. And a year ago, Magic's biggest quarter was Q3 followed by Q4. So we have seen great growth in Magic Arena, and we continue to see that where people are playing both Magic Arena and MAGIC: THE GATHERING that it's really adding to the engagement and players playing. And as we are seeing a return to more in-store and in-person play, that's also a tailwind to the business.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So on - starting with D&D and the titles, we are going to have an array of new development in titles. Some come from third-parties like, Baldur's Gate, which has performed quite well, and we'll go wide [ph] in the next period, probably in 2022. We have a number of games that we have in development. Some will have more modest budgets and some have larger budgets as we continue to invest in digital. While the underlying games in D&D have really grown that Drew, and we're just seeing great play, both in face-to-face role playing, as well as digital role playing. It's really a new area for us as people are playing more online and really building that brand quite considerably. So again, we feel very good about the slate that we have coming up and the momentum we have in brands like Magic and Arena. And as we said, the launch of DARK ALLIANCE was really about listening to the players, giving them more of what they want, more downloadable content, more satisfactory, more immersive game play, and look, that's part of the process. And we're fully prepared to continue to invest behind the games. As we think about Consumer Products, clearly, for the year-to-date period, if you look at the industry data, it was up double digits, but in the second quarter, it was up single digits, clearly, Hasbro outperformed. And as we go forward, we'll have some different compares for Q3 and Q 4 last year as we began to return to greater levels of sales and being able to supply product. Remember, the big eight week wall of supply was from mid-March to about mid to end of May last year. So no, we do believe we can continue to see growth in our Consumer Products business. But taken in total, we are happy to reiterate our guidance for the full year, recognizing that there have been so many questions about the supply chain and about our ability to supply a product that we felt that we're able to supply product. We are able through an immense amount of work on behalf of the supply chain team to add ports, to add tactics and strategies, to add new ocean carriers and to achieve the objectives we set out for the company, which was growth across our business in each of the operating groups of the business. And ultimately, with the opportunity to achieve double-digit revenue growth for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Look, I think our first objective is to ensure that gamers and the people engaging in our toys and games business have the product that they're looking for and that our retailers have product to support these major initiatives that we have. I do believe that there could be some shifting between Q3 and Q 4. We're out to source product and to bring it in via any number of new carriers. The team secured more ports, and we've got more shipping lanes than we've had in the past. And so I'm going to be a little less focused on exactly where the inventories come in, but rather that we have the inventories to meet the demand that we need for the second half of the year, recognizing we also have a number of new entertainment initiatives, including the MY LITTLE PONY film, several from our partners at Marvel, additional Star Wars content coming for the second half of the year. Princess is performing at a very high level. And then, of course, we get into the holidays, and the team has an array of new games lined up there as well. So again, you're right, there could be some shifting around as - it's a little different than past years where direct import could play a bigger role than it has in the past. But again, working with our retailers around the world, we feel - most importantly, we want to meet the high demand.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. Let me comment on the supply a little bit first. What we just wanted to make sure again that people understood that while we were using certain printing expertise and capabilities, we had to expand our global footprint for capabilities because the brand is expanding, because gamers are increasingly discovering and re-discovering the brand, are playing at an increasing rate and are also sharing more, bringing in new players more than ever before. And I think the magic of Magic is that, in fact, it is that great flywheel where players play face-to-face and the card game that contributes to engagement that Magic Arena, as you know, has the release [ph] cadence that marries to the card releases of the analog game. And so again, they really contribute to one another, and they're synergistic with one another. It's not as if one detracts from the other or takes time away from the other. In fact, it just gives people more opportunity to play, and they play with different players, whether they're friends or acquaintances at a distance and they play in mobile and online, or whether they're playing face-to-face increasingly returning to our global hobby shops, which have performed quite well, thanks to our support and support of others through the pandemic.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So it's a very good question. And look, let me walk you through a little bit of detail on that. So we have two major releases coming in Q3, one is called, The Adventures in the Forgotten Realms, and that's actually a very exciting set because it's a crossover with DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, and that will come out - actually just coming out about now. And then we have a second release in Innistrad coming in Q3. We have one major release for Q4. So as Deb indicated in her remarks, we expect to see that Wizards will continue to see some growth, but our big quarter for the year was Q2. And let me remind you, last year, Q3 was the largest quarter followed by Q4. So if there's a comparison challenge in revenues, and we don't yet know exactly where we'll end up, given the level of engagement that we're seeing in the brand right now, probably the most challenging comparison will be in Q4 relative to a year ago. But again, the momentum in the business remains. We are ahead of our plan to double the size of that business, and it will come down to what really takes place in the Q4 period.
Brian Goldner: What we're seeing is that consumers are very engaged in the products and categories that we're offering. We've also gone out, as we always do, and do a lot of proprietary insight work and research around our brands and categories. And we're seeing an increased and sustained level of commitment to our gaming business and game playing. People are very engaged. I think they have found gaming, again, for those who had played it more in the past or playing it more now, lots of families around the world who hadn't really discovered games or discovering games now. So I don't know that I can comment specifically on family budgets, but what I can say is that people are spending money in the Consumer Product categories that we're offering, from NERF to PLAY-DOH to Playskool [ph] to our partner brands in Marvel, Star Wars and Princess and of course, several other brands in the portfolio.
Brian Goldner: Yeah. So clearly, both digital and analog are contributing to the growth in MAGIC: THE GATHERING and digital role playing with D&D as well. We don't really break down those categories within those brands. But suffice it to say, we're seeing very strong growth on both sides. As we look at the second half of the - if we look at the second half of the year, you're right, we're going to see additional shifting between FOB and domestic shipments. We're working with our global retail partners on what that will exactly look like. But because of the demand in the product categories that we are offering, we have a lot of great partnership and we do expect that we'll get our products to market recognize that the price increases we're taking will cover the incremental costs that we're experiencing. And those cost increases are around the world, and they will be a little different in each of the regions, just depending on foreign exchange and the way that they will hit the P&L. But they're just intended to cover our cost increases, to maintain our gross margins and to hit the operating margin that we believe we can achieve for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Well, look, let me give you - most notably, as we've come through what we call the COVID wall those eight weeks, where there were very strong sell-through, but our inability to supply product in Q2. What we're seeing in the last four weeks, and you take our North American business, for example, our POS was up 11%. Our games business was up in the high teens. We're seeing good growth in regions like Latin America. We have a lot of new initiatives coming for that period of Q3, lots of new product associated with MY LITTLE PONY, as well as our partner brands and a whole new line-up for NERF in the Elite and the Ultra lines. So again, we believe we can grow and we said in line or ahead of the industry because of our innovation, storytelling and content and commerce. And so I won't comment specifically on Q3, except to say, we expect that we'll have a very good year in consumer products. We have the innovation and the strong product line-up to achieve our objectives. I'm again, believing and seeing what consumers are doing. And they really are participating in the categories. If you look at kids and preschool, if you look at older kids with our NERF business, if you look at still older kids and young adults into our games business like Magic and D&D, we're seeing great engagement and we would expect that to continue.
