Brian D. Goldner: Thank you, Deb. Before we take your questions, you may have noticed we have not provided guidance for the coming year. Everyone at Hasbro globally is focused on delivering profitable growth year-in and year-out for the long term. We believe this focus will result in delivering compelling long-term total shareholder returns as we have provided over the last decade. We are not, however, going to be providing annual guidance on revenues and EPS going forward. We will, however, continue to work hard to communicate to you our strategy, our milestones and the progress we are making in our evolution towards becoming a world-class branded play company. With that, Deb, David and I are happy to take your questions.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. The other thing in terms of the NPD data, one thing to note particularly in our Games business, Sean, is that Magic: The Gathering really doesn't appear in a lot of the NPD data because so much of that business is done through hobby shops and other channels of distribution. And so not only does NPD data get that in terms of sales, it also doesn't get that in terms of market share both for the Games business, as well as for the company.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, exactly. If you look at -- frankly, if you look at both trading card game business, according to NPD, as well as the Games business, and, frankly, as well as Hasbro, that's a big difference maker because NPD doesn't track all of the sales that we get, which is the predominant amount of sales that we get, and the expanding number of sales we get for Magic: The Gathering in the hobby channel.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. The other thing, Sean, is in Games, our operating profit margin in Games is the highest that it's been in the last 8 years. So as I told you guys, as we talked about, as we were able to develop games across all these different formats with this expertise coming from the Gaming Center of Excellence, we are able to create games in any form or format and do that in a very profitable way. And so, obviously, with Games growing, that changes the mix profitably and favorably.
Brian D. Goldner: Sean, that's in the -- one of the charts that we put out as part of the presentation, the last chart.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we -- obviously, we don't get to track -- the tracking from hobby the same way we get the absolute sales and we know the sell-through. But we don't have NPD data for the Magic portion of the business. But we do know what the sales were overall, and we knew how the sellout went because we get that data in a different manner from our hobby channel.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, Michael, the -- by 2015, on a full year basis, the reduction in workforce will account for over 1/2 of the savings. It's about $55 million, and we think it's at least $100 million in savings. And then, Deb, you can comment on the Other category.
Brian D. Goldner: So, Michael, if you look over the period prior to this change from 2000 through 2012 prior to the restructuring, we've added hundreds of people around the world in all of our emerging markets, in sales and marketing organizations. We've also added the capabilities of television, licensing, digital gaming, you name it. But our headcount through the end of 2011 was flat to 2000. So, in fact, we've been redeploying resources, been changing out personnel and been very prudent about how we hire so that we're able to add skill sets, new talent, while we've also had departures of personnel. This is ensuring that we get to lower level of overall costs given the changing environment and our need to go out and get some new and additional skill sets as we continue to drive for long-term growth.
Brian D. Goldner: Michael, if you go back several years, it used to be the fact that it would take in supply chain about 16 weeks to get it from the Orient. And today it's, in a just-in-time world, we're much closer to 6 weeks. And, obviously, that enables us to flex up-and-down production and to take and go after hot sellers and to dial down on things that may not be selling. And so as we said, as we saw the POS declines from about Thanksgiving to right before Christmas that, that was an area where I think retailers are increasingly concerned about the POS and about that last turn of inventory. And then we did see great POS, a very strong growth year-on-year in the last part of the year. Someone on CNBC said maybe the fiscal cliff wiped Santa Claus from the front page. And I think that's a bit of the case. And so that helped us to sell down our inventory at retail, and yet we didn't get that last turn of inventory that we might have shipped in.
Brian D. Goldner: And, Tim, and so for 2013, we're saying we could save $15 million to $25 million, but we'll also have some additional costs maybe in the $20 million to $30 million range.
Brian D. Goldner: No. Games was down. Games in the -- if you take the POS for the part of Games that we have POS data for, it was down a bit.
Brian D. Goldner: And we know what our sellout is, Magic: The Gathering, Wizards of the Coast knows what its sellout is at the hobby shops because of reorders.
Brian D. Goldner: We're working on games across a number of different platforms. We are going to -- we'll talk about a number of different initiatives that we have in Games. This year, we're launching a number of different brands, including off-the-board games, as well as a totally different way to think about action battling, which has been a great category for us, launching a new brand there. And over time, we'll be able to show you a lot of new platforms that we have for games. But certainly tomorrow, we are going to talk about certain new Games brands and ideas that we are launching in Games.
Brian D. Goldner: That's savings. So all we were saying is we had $20 million to $30 million in additional expense as we work through this program, and then $15 million to $25 million savings.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. We're really focused on growing our brands with the most global potential. Our franchise brands and partner brands, we have a number of challenger brands and we'll talk about what those brands are tomorrow. Obviously, there are elements within our business, like we've talked the tale of the Games business that aren't key and critical to growing our business and don't have the same awareness or interest globally. And so we're focusing on those brands that have the greatest potential and the greatest opportunity to execute them across our entire brand blueprint. Year-on-year, this is 2012 versus 2011, we reduced SKUs by 16%. And our overall target, which we'll talk about certainly a lot more tomorrow, is to reduce SKUs by an additional 30% and our items by about 40%. And we'll talk about the difference between an item and a SKU tomorrow. I'll walk you through some of our development process.
Brian D. Goldner: We didn't really report that. But we sold it in English-speaking -- in 2012 in English-speaking countries. And this year it rolls out and will be distributed in several languages and globally.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, and if you -- Gerrick, just talking about operating profit, if you look at the U.S. and Canada segment, the operating profit for the U.S. and Canada segment increased by 76% to nearly $90 million in the quarter. So it's really returning that business to higher levels of operating profit, spending less in shipping allowances and other markdowns and other liability inventory.
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think, Sean, one of the things that we've said is that in the U.S., our shipments were down in the fourth quarter, I think about 6%, and we're clearly -- or for the year. And one of the things that we've done is we've reduced our retailer inventory by over $100 million during the year with our big 4 U.S. accounts. So I think it's clear that our POS was, therefore, down sort of significantly below than the reduction in our shipments in the U.S.
David D. R. Hargreaves: No, less than. Because our shipments were in, we're down 6%, but we reduced our inventory in the trade by over $100 million. It means that our POS decline was substantially less than that.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, but I think in the aggregate, we were certainly down in Australia, we were down in Mexico. I think we were down in Canada. Europe was a little bit of mixed, with some markets up. So in the aggregate, not only were we down $100-plus million in the U.S., but in the aggregate, I think our retail inventories were down at least $100 million.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think in terms of what I'm going to be doing, clearly, Michael, as you know, our industry is changing pretty rapidly. Our industry hasn't been growing recently in the developed economies around the world. At the same time, the emerging markets are growing very rapidly. In fact, the Asia Pacific market is now larger than the U.S. market. And then we've got things like, it's an ever-increasing proportion of toys driven by entertainment. And we've got tablets, which are really in great demand by children now, which are giving both a challenge and an opportunity through our brands. So I think what we've decided we need to do is we need to -- given all this rapid change, we need to be much more focused on understanding and much more proactive in reacting to these challenges and opportunities. And that's what I'm going to spend most of my time doing.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Well, I think with $316 million inventory on our books at the end of the year, we certainly could have shipped another $100 million or so if it had materialized. Obviously, we try and react as quickly as possible when we see sales aren't coming. So and I think as far as the retailer inventories, I think we've said in our first quarter call, second quarter call and third quarter call, we've repeatedly said that retailer inventories were low. So they were very low coming into the third, fourth quarter. And therefore, a bit of a shortfall in POS that we weren't expecting hasn't meant that they've ended up with excessive inventories by any regard.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think Brian said that the problem is that one of our highest growth Games spend this year was Magic: The Gathering. We'll talk about -- more about that tomorrow, but it's been really doing great growth for us. But the trouble is that Magic: The Gathering is sold predominantly through hobby shops. And therefore -- and we don't get the POS information from the hobby shops that we get from the likes of Walmart and Target and Toys"R"Us, but neither do NPD or does anyone else. So no one can really track that. I think what we're saying is that, clearly, we believe that our Games shipments worldwide have been up. We know that our Games inventories at retail are down. So, on a global basis, we clearly believe that our POS is up on Games.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Ultimately, it became a global launch, so you're going to catch me out which year. I have to go back and...
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. We sold 40 million Furbys way back the first time, and it was probably equally as hot and -- in Europe and some other markets as it was in the U.S.
David D. R. Hargreaves: We've got very good quality of inventory. We ended up with $316 million of inventory on our books. That's certainly down versus a year ago, and it's down versus 2 years ago. But it's probably still up versus 3 years ago. So, certainly, if our retailers had come back and said, Look, sales are robust, we need more inventory. We could have shipped it. Most of it is a good quality of inventory. As Deb said, we -- because of the quality of our inventory, we took far less in terms of markdowns, closeouts, obsolescence this year-end than we had in past year-ends. So it's predominantly very good inventory, which will sell as we go into this year.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sean, the most important driver was really better inventory management. By having lower inventory both at retail and our own inventory, it really drove down obsolescence costs and the other things that come with that. In addition to that, we did have some favorable product mix. As you recall, we have stated earlier in the year that we had taken some price increases on carryover product, and that helped with the margin on the carryover product. And our new product was well received at the price points that they were offered.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure. We do have that. Is that in the -- so in the P&L, let me just find that section, if you don't mind, for a moment. We have in cost of sales, $2.8 million; in product development, $10.9 million; and in SD&A, $33.5 million, for the total of $47.2 million.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sure, and we will give more detail on this and more description tomorrow at our investor events. But our cost-savings initiative will come from facility consolidation with our warehousing and distribution facilities and some of our sales offices and some other process improvements that we're looking to achieve and some system enhancements as well. So like I said, we'll give more color on that tomorrow. But as Brian mentioned, the largest piece is coming from our headcount reductions.
Deborah M. Thomas: I think it's interesting when Brian made his comments today, he said that we reviewed the organization from top to bottom. So throughout the organization, we've looked at areas where, perhaps, we need to change out some skill sets from what we have today. And the 10% reduction is a reduction, but it's a net -- it will be a net number at the end of the day.
Deborah M. Thomas: Correct. And the reason why we have these costs is largely due to our voluntary retirement program. Depending on how many people choose certain types of payments out of that program, we could have some pension costs that come through the year. And that's predominantly why we have such a large range on the cost side. And until it happens, we can't determine exactly what that'll be.
