Brian Goldner: Sure, good morning. First on E1, you’re right - we’ve begun to commence productions again, particularly focused on the Canadian market where we’re able to produce and in the U.K., and we’re waiting to be able to start production here in the United States, particularly in the Los Angeles area and other areas of the U.S. As we look at the plan for the year, we just want to highlight the fact that Latin American retailers will remain somewhat closed, to about 25%, which gets us to about that below 10% globally. Clearly Latin America has had more of an impact from COVID-19 and less ecommerce business - in fact, ecommerce there is about a third of the size of the percent of the business than the rest of our global business, we’re executing quite well globally, so we wanted to highlight that as well. Then just wanted to make it clear, clearly in Q2 we were starting to ship, or wanting to ship more for our second half initiatives, and clearly coming out of India where we have a lot of our Nerf production and some new items, we were not able to get that in for Q2 and so that will come in as part of Q3. We’re also catching up in the U.S. If you think about the Massachusetts factory, where many of our games and Play Doh are made as well as the Irish factory, that was closed from about mid-March to about mid-May, and so again there’s a catch-up period, but overall we feel very good about continued strong POS, that continues to expand across a broad array of products and very strong plan from Wizards of the Coast and MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS for Q3, and then moving into very good holiday season with lots of new initiatives.
Brian Goldner: Yes, thanks Steph. We built a great ecomm capability globally, so if you go around the world by region, the U.S. business is tracking right now about a third of our business is coming from ecomm and omnichannel. In Europe, it’s about 30%, and in Asia it’s about 30% as well. In Latin America, we’ve grown it substantially in an effort to try to get business done in ecomm, but yet the channel still only represents about 12% of total revenues, and that’s up about 10 percentage points versus a year ago, so the team has done a very good job of trying to make hay there, but recognize that the predominance of that retail is done in stores. That’s where we are with ecomm. As we go toward the third and fourth quarter, as is typical, we expect ecomm to continue to be a high--that high proportion of our sales; in fact, could increase even further, and the teams are prepared for that as we go into third and fourth quarter As we look for the second half of the year around our products and initiatives, we have very strong demand. Our games business is in very high demand with very strong sell-throughs, but we’ve also seen very strong sell-throughs in our Nerf business over the last six to eight weeks. We’ve seen double-digit POS increases, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, and we have retail inventory down there further than just the average 17% that we saw in overall retail inventory decline. Play Doh is down similarly. I’d say that we are taking advantage of every opportunity that we have, but recognize that some of the stores and retailers view their year as really a reopening at this point, and so they are reopening stores, we know that our major customers have been open throughout as they sold essential goods, and I think that’s particularly why we performed even better in the U.S. as our top three retailers represent about 60% of our total revenues around the world. Those top retailers represent closer to just under 40%, and so I’d say that some retailers are just reopening, particularly toy specialists. We’re seeing good momentum particularly in Europe and in Asia Pacific as they reopen - very strong recent point of sale in places like China, Australia, the U.K., France and other markets, and we are rebuilding our inventories to the extent that we are launching a lot of new initiatives. It really isn’t about shipping what was available in the first half of the year but rather teeing up what the new initiatives are for the second half. We have a very robust line-up for a brand like NERF, for example, where the Ultra line-up will come out around the world, a brand new ELITE product to RIVAL product, and that’s true across our businesses where we’re really lining up to satisfy and exceed consumer demand around the world.
Brian Goldner: Yes, it’s exactly right. We are really seeing the strong demand across a number of brands for our business, very strong demand and lots of new initiatives launching in Hasbro gaming, lots of new products across Hasbro gaming, a brand-new addition CLUE LIARS. We’ve got a brand new DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game coming for a starter set, the Adventure Begins. We’ve got DEER PONG, OPERATION PET SCAN, a whole line-up of new Monopoly games coming for the second half. Similarly, brand new Star Wars. Star Wars has been performing quite well, but in the second half of the year we have the second season of The Mandalorian and the Child product, but also very strong collector sales there, the Nerf line-up that I described, including launching NERF ULTRA and other brand new initiatives. So we have good visibility to consumer demand and our retailer plans are quite robust as we go through Q3 and into Q4.
Brian Goldner: Yes, the engagement with Magic has been quite strong. The headwinds were really about shipments in the quarter and that Magic’s full year 2020 plans are still very much in line with our plan and belief that over this five-year period from 2018 to 2023, ’24, we can double the size of the Wizards business. While the card release cadence was less in Q2, we did make plans early in the year to drive more in Q1. We have a big plan for Q3 and for Q4. The Wizards Play network store has expanded by double digits in the quarter, so we’re seeing more stores reopening. In Q3, we have a core set coming, and that was just launched in early July. We have a jumpstart set that’s going to be launched later in July, and that was a set that was originally planned for a June release but we postponed the jumpstart booster to July 17, due to the production challenges that we saw. In 2019, we had the Modern Horizons set that launched in Q2, and that was a very big set for us. The comparable set in 2020 is scheduled for August, in Q3. Despite the challenging Q2 situation, Magic play is very strong. In fact, Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths, which was the early spring set where we moved more of the revenues into Q1, is actually going down as the bestselling spring set of all time, and we’re also seeing very good early interest and very high demand and strong sell-in for the core set 2021 that launched just a couple weeks ago. The rest of 2020 is filled with other yet to be announced releases for table top and for all players and all of their different play styles. Also, would mention that Magic Arena was up in the quarter even though we had less releases in the period. Remember, everything is tied to the storytelling about the brand, and we did see over 2.5 billion games played in total as we look at Magic Arena, which is up from 2.1 billion at the end of Q1. Magic Arena players are still spending about nine hours a week on average, and Arena is coming to mobile, which of course is the most played global platform and is also launching in China in partnership with Tencent. So again, we feel very good about the Magic business. It’s tracking quite well. We’d always described Q2 as a major headwind; in fact, last point, Q2 last year was the biggest quarter for Magic, so the headwinds were substantial.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so the most important factor for Q2 is, of course, related to COVID, and our number one priority during that time was to focus on the teams that are doing excellent work. We wanted to make sure they remained safe and operating safely. During the time of Q2, we had 30% of retail closed and we had Irish, Massachusetts and India factories closed, as well as warehouses around the U.S. closed from mid-March to mid-May, so that’s the biggest impact in the quarter by far. Then as we looked, we have headwinds with MAGIC: THE GATHERING that I just described, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS but also remember a year ago was Avengers Endgame in second quarter last year. We were also gearing up for Spiderman’s movie, which came in July last year. I know that there’s been a lot of conversation about COVID, which is appropriate, but also a headwind there on the Marvel business, and we are seeing good progress on Star Wars and Frozen, but Marvel was quite substantial last Q2. We are very happy now that our domestic factories and warehouses are open, also India is back up and producing. There have been some short-term shutdowns and restrictions, but we feel very good that we’ll be able to get those products into the marketplace. Demand has remained incredibly strong. If you look at POS globally, it’s up high single digits. That’s consistent with the industry growth rates that we’ve seen from NPD. Hasbro is holding its share around the world year to date, and our franchise brands’ POS globally were up in the quarter as well. Of course, global games were up by more than 50%. The demand for--consumer demand for products is quite encouraging. As we get to second half of the year, while we may not make up all of what was missed in Q2 for reason we described, the fact is Q3 will be meaningfully better than Q2 and we expect to have a very good holiday season.
Brian Goldner: Yes, what we saw really--a couple things around family brands. First, Peppa Pig in Q1 in China had very strong licensing programs, and remember we receive our licensing revenues in arrears, so it’s always recorded the quarter after. As we compare what was going on last year in China, the consumer product licensees that are in China, which is several, had a more challenging year this year in the first quarter in China as the market is just now reopening. They did add a lot of new content deals in China, which was positive. We did see a reduction in consumer products for PJ Masks, which was coming off of holiday 2019, and we’ve seen some challenges there. Then on YouTube, what happened is they changed the algorithm and the way that advertising was to be presented. We saw some reductions in advertising. The team is now seeing some recent bright spots there and our team internally manages all of our YouTube, including now all of the Hasbro brands IP YouTube features, but Peppa is still the number one viewed preschool property on YouTube with billions of views, so again there’s been some puts and takes there, but down primarily due again to closures and consumer products challenges in different regions around the world due to COVID closures.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so I think there are a couple shifts that are going on that are quite good for our business as the team has such expertise in ecomm. Remember that ecomm retail and omnichannel retail runs with less weeks supply than average brick and mortar, so as more of the mix shift happens towards ecomm, we need less weeks’ supply there and still can fulfill consumer demand and drive our business. Then as we look of the reopening of retail, we have new initiatives that are coming - MAGIC: THE GATHERING, I just described, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS as well has a very robust third quarter, as does the rest of our games line-up. We’re looking at a business for Q3 where we need to catch up on certain availability like games, Play Doh and Nerf, we have certain other new initiatives that are coming to market. I’m not going to comment on whether we think Q3 is up or down, but remember that, again, the weeks’ supply that came out, the 17% reduction in retail inventories in seven weeks, we don’t view that as a long-term challenge to satisfy consumer demand, so our goal is not just restocking shelves, our goal is continuing to satisfy consumer demand, which we believe we can do, and we’re doing that very effectively. The team has really been amazing at what they’ve been able to accomplish with the very strong POS that we’ve seen. Then as we get into Q4, we expect to have a good holiday season. We have very robust plans, lots of new initiatives, and really good marketing coming from the teams across the business.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so for the most part, people are continuing to hope that the theatrical business reopens sometime soon, but really hasn’t yet. Many of our partners’ initiatives have already been announced and moved to 2021 - in fact, 2021 is lining up to be an incredibly strong year for our IP and content, as well as our partners’ IP. We expect that those should be in the first quarter next year, could be three movies including The Eternals, GhostBusters, and Raya and the Last Dragon. In Q2 next year, you’ll have another Marvel movie, or two. MY LITTLE PONY movie, the animated feature will come next fall, and our expectation is that GI JOE will move into a slot in 2021 and we’re working out the specifics right now with Paramount. But again as we look at the opportunity to maximize our connection to global audiences and also to global retail, it will likely move into a spot and we’re working out the specifics in 2021.
Brian Goldner: Yes, I think you’re right. It’s not really about the percentage of sales. I think that the kinds of programs that the team puts together, the way that we work with online and omnichannel retailers, some of the buckets of spending go to other places, other than just the advertising line. Obviously content creation and storytelling are different lines on the P&L, as well some of our gaming development, which is also part of storytelling and effectively marketing for our brands. So you’re right - I don’t see the overall advertising line increasing as much as overall marketing, and advertising is planned to be robust for the second half across a number of dimensions.
Brian Goldner: I think that there will be ongoing dialog. I think that it won’t be just one answer there. Clearly there’s a lot of partnership that goes on between us and a lot of our streamers, broadcast partners, and linear partners, and it’s an ongoing dialog. The most important priority there is the safety of the crews and the cast and the people that are making the production, and there are meaningful steps that the team has been taking, protocols that are being set, and there are ways to look at budgets overall to try to mitigate overall costs and to incorporate the cost of strong protocols and the safety of the teams making the productions while executing. There’s not a one-size-fits-all solution, and the dialog is going on and I feel like the teams are making very good progress there.
Brian Goldner: Given the current plans and what the team is prepping for production, our expectation is we’d be back in production in full in September across all of our productions. As I said, we are already in production across a number of scripted shows, not just unscripted which we’ve done incredibly well throughout the pandemic. The teams have used a lot of novel tech to keep those unscripted productions going, but the scripted shows have started again in regions in Canada, they’ve started again in the U.K. as film is beginning, and then really for the U.S., we expect that by September we should be up and running on the remainder.
Brian Goldner: We have a lot of robust plans we’re already putting together with our retailers, and they’re building plans for both ecomm or omni as well as for brick and mortar. The teams have done a very good job. We have more new initiatives coming for Q4 this year than prior year, and certainly believe that we have a lot of new innovation that’s worthy of expanded floor space, and working on all that. I do want to comment that I think that the way promotions will be laid out this year is very different than some prior years. The goal for a lot of our retailers as we’re starting to see it unfold is not to bring all the customers into a store on a given day, for obvious reasons, but rather think about programs that can go on for a period of time to give more customers access to hot selling product over a longer period, to give people the opportunity to buy online or pick up curbside, and use all the different growing modalities of retailing that have been so effective so far and year-to-date. Our teams are really ready across BOPIS or pick-up curbside, straight ecomm and omni, but also our retail merchandisers we expect to be in stores, stocking shelves in the fourth quarter, and we are looking at really robust plans. To your point about ecomm, our ecomm POS, we have the best data for the U.S. - it was up more than 100% in Q2, and our franchise brands on ecomm were up 84% across franchise brands, very strong with Nerf up 55% and Play Doh was up 166%. Our partner brands were up more than 100%, emerging brands were up more than 100%, and games were up the same, so that step-up that we’re seeing from the consumer, we don’t expect it to retrench, we expect it to continue to expand as people get the opportunity to buy the product they want, find the product they want, more searches originating online for the brands and products their families, kids or fans desire, and then satisfying that either through curbside pick-up, in-store pick-up, or shopping with a cart at these stores.
Brian Goldner: Sure, so first, global POS we said was up high single digits, and North America was up in Q2 16%, Europe was down low single digits but with recent POS up quite substantially, so as we exit June and into July, we’re seeing very good growth across a number of markets - U.K., France, and others in Europe. Latin American POS was challenged, and we’ve talked about that marketplace, it was down less than revenues but about 30%. Asia Pacific was up double digits, similar to the North American POS at plus-16%, very strong POS growth as China has come back online. We’ve seen good growth in China, we’ve seen very strong growth in Australia, and the rest of the Pacific region. Then by brand category, I mentioned that our franchise brands were up in Q2 in POS. In the U.S., if you look at our POS overall for the U.S. in Q2, it was up 18%, and our toy business was up high single digits. Franchise brands were up double digits, partner brands were up high single digits. Gaming was up nearly--well, about 70% actually, slightly over 70%, so again very strong demand. We’ll be selling down retail and then [indiscernible] even now our opportunity to launch new initiatives into Q3 and Q4.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so Spell Slingers is already in development and in test market. That game is continuing to be honed and likely will launch early 2021. We want to have Magic on mobile first. We haven’t given a specific date, but it’s actively in development and it will launch second half this year. It will also be in China with our partnership with Tencent this year. They’ve announced the key set releases through September. They haven’t announced the fourth quarter set releases yet. We always like to bring our gamers and fans along. We don’t want to ruin all the surprises, but there are four releases that have been announced that I can remind you of. The core set was July 3, the jumpstart that had moved from second quarter due to production shortages is now--was July 17. The double master set which I said was comparable to the modern masters from Q2 last year is August 7, and Zendikar Rising will be September 25, so we have a very robust line-up for Q3 and expect great momentum in the brand there. Then for DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, the digital gaming development has also continued. That brand has performed quite well, grew in Q2, and has a very robust release calendar for the remainder of 2020.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so the plan is really on multiple dimensions. In the U.S., there was a switch late after having done a lot of movie marketing to the PVOD, and remember that it’s hard to know just how much of the impact was the move to PVOD versus the fact that our merchandising was all being set in April as retail stores were being closed across the U.S., so that was the merchandising window for the movie and the movie marketing, so clearly was impacted there, was not in that period as strong. But again, we’re making plans and working with Universal to drive every opportunity across the brand as it moves from PVOD to home entertainment. Now, around the world there will be some theatrical launches - some of those have not taken place yet, and that will still have the ESP and home entertainment windows, so I’d say very solid start, albeit because of COVID more staged around the world, rather than just being at once. What we really are seeing is that as brands are available in streamed environments, they are generating lots of interest and sales, just look at The Mandalorian and other products. Clearly we are seeing very good demand for Trolls and are selling Trolls product, but that was a switch that happened as we had already had retail plans set up for theatrical.
Brian Goldner: So it’s 40 projects, around 32 Hasbro IPs, so there’s multiple projects around certain brands like DUNGEONS & DRAGONS.
Brian Goldner: Yes, unfortunately as we all looked at the year, early this year we took away whatever broad guidance we would normally provide, but what I can tell you is that as we look at domestic to import split, it’s gotten even more oriented towards domestic. The teams are very capable now of getting product in through ecomm and omnichannel retail. If ecomm were to accelerate further and be a greater proportion of total sales, we can achieve our objectives even through that mix shift. The number of new initiatives that we have for the second half of the year helps us understand, along with the retail plans we have, that Q4 can be a very good holiday. Look - Q3 is road to recovery. We opened manufacturing that was closed in 45% of our production for two months. We are catching up on demand across an enormous slate of brands that have performed quite well from a consumer sales standpoint, although the retail inventories have declined and our fill rates have declined, so I would say Q3 is about recovering but meaningfully better than Q2, and Q4 is about executing a good holiday season.
Brian Goldner: Yes, so again, if you think about it, Massachusetts, Ireland and Indian factories were closed throughout mid-May--to mid-May from mid-March, and so as those have reopened, clearly the manufacturing of games, third party manufacturing of games as well as Play Doh comes from Massachusetts, and so the team has been rushing to expand our capacity and get those games and Play Doh out the marketplace. That’s similar for Ireland - it’s about a similar type of factory for our Irish business. In addition, we manufacture in another half dozen locations or so across the U.S., trading card games for Wizards of the Coast, and other products, and so again the team saw production disruptions in Q2 and chose to move the jumpstart booster out to Q3, so now they’re able to execute that. So I’d say what we’re really seeing as we enter Q3 is access now to our products, increasing access to the Nerf products coming out of India, we moved that launch just one month later to ensure we had enough of our Ultra product, which by the way is selling incredibly well. This is the product that shoots 120 feet in high performance and is really well liked and high ratings that we’re seeing from fans. So I would say that by the second half of Q3, we’re really fully caught up and shipping to meet what is strong consumer demand.
Brian Goldner: Sure Tim, it’s a great question. It’s something that we ourselves were planning and talking about as we look at the step-up. I mean, hypothetically - underline that - if all of demand for the holidays were to shift from brick and mortar to online, we could satisfy that demand. We obviously don’t expect it to entirely shift, but the teams have built enormous capability in the way we warehouse product now, the way we work with our ecomm and omnichannel partners. It’s really improved so dramatically over the last few years as we continue to build our capabilities and the way we market within an online environment with content to commerce and other techniques, and working on the algorithms. So I would say we have the ability if there were to be a major shift toward additional ecomm that we could satisfy that demand, and that we would shift our products to meet that mix shift.
Brian Goldner: That’s exactly right. Latin America, it’s still such a small percentage of the business, and the COVID situation there is so--unfortunately just so challenged. I’d say that’s a business that won’t resolve immediately and it’s going to take a little bit more time, and we don’t have the benefit of ecomm or omni beyond about--we see about 12% of the business currently being done there, and that’s been through a lot of effort from the team and moving up from single digits a year ago.
Brian Goldner: Look, I think that people are very desirous of a theatrical experience. We all want to get back into movie theaters as soon as we can and enjoy the big screen, along with everyone else. There’s nothing like having hundreds of people together laugh at something or ooh and ahh on some kind of big action, something that’s going on in a movie, so we all want to get back there. I think the studios are being very purposeful, as is the E1 team, looking at the opportunity for theatrical releases, clearly wanting to still have that global theatrical audience. There’s nothing like the opportunity to go around the world in a semi-simultaneous way to build that talk value and demand for people to go to theaters, so we don’t see that going away. I just think it’s a matter of when it really comes fully back, and we obviously have to be in a position where people feel safe and we can abide by protocols and get those theaters reopened. I think the important thing that everyone is looking at is being very thoughtful, planful and strategic about which of these initiatives will go directly into a streamed environment versus which ones will go to theatrical. Clearly we continue to partner with Universal and will make the most out of Trolls that we can make, but that was a switch that happened because of unfortunate timing around COVID coming, theaters closing, movie marketing having already been in the marketplace retail, already stocked shelves being set, so I wouldn’t use that as really the kind of purposeful strategy that we could be looking at in the future. You just look at what The Mandalorian has been able to create, or you look at what Stranger Things has been able to create in our games business as 150 million people, or Disney Plus with the collection of princess movies has been able to create, or Frozen, and that home entertainment window there on Disney Plus, it’s been very strong for us. I think that’s more the norm, and I think that studios and IP owners are going to be thoughtful about how they lay out those strategies go forward.
Deborah Thomas: Yes, exactly Brian. The cash spend is down because we are just seeing a bit of a slower return in certain markets to be able to actually complete that production. As we look at that, it’s really a delay in delivering the episodes. Particularly think about the live action - it’s just a delay and the revenue may transfer into 2021 as to when we’re actually able to complete it.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Our gross margin is strong, and if you think about it, the impact of Magic and the releases in the quarter actually had a slightly negative impact on that number. However, overall the Hasbro piece of the margin is strong. We don’t see a significant change to that. The one thing we did talk about is airfreight. Should we have to airfreight more, just the cost of it is up now, as you can appreciate, with fewer flights running and the ability to actually airfreight, so if we have to air freight a lot for some reason, we could see that having an impact on it. But the rest of the business from a pricing standpoint is good, and our costs remain in good shape as well. You know, about three quarters of our exposure for the year is hedged so we don’t have a lot of variability in FX rates that are coming into those product purchases, so that’s a good factor as well. If we think about the program production amortization, originally at the beginning of the year, we did pull all of our guidance, but I know it’s hard to model this without some level of estimate. So kind of where our heads are at right now is we originally said it would be between 9 and 10% - I think we’re around 9% for the quarter. Given what we can actually get done and delivered, I think that we may see it run a bit below that for the rest of the year as we think about the program production part of the gross margin. But overall, we expect it to remain strong, and looking at the different components, the biggest thing that could impact it at this point is really that air freight I referenced.
Deborah Thomas: Hi Tami, good morning. I think that we still believe we’re on track. Obviously the business has changed because of COVID for all of us, right, and we still think we’re on track to achieve $20 million of cost synergies before the expense associated with it this year, and we’re still on track for next year and we’re still on track for the $130 million by 2022. There may be some things moving around, but honestly the teams are working great together. The one thing that you can do really well over video is collaborate on future projects, and that’s the exciting thing. This year, we’re all dealing with the situation, but we are squarely working on the future. The integration is going well, and we still expect that $130 million in synergies by 2022.
Deborah Thomas: With respect to the actual production spend, we would expect to go back to next year’s levels if we can be in full production on every--or the same level if we can be in production for everything. Now, it might fluctuate a little bit because we have some things we’re catching up on, but right now our expectation is that we would spend about that same level.
Deborah Thomas: No, I agree Brian. I think it really is--if you look at the blend of what we have outstanding right now and what we’re expecting to complete, no cancellations, really, that we’re aware of that are meaningful. It’s just a matter of getting it done.
Deborah Thomas: Great, thanks. You know, obviously we have an ongoing dialog with all three of our rating agencies. We don’t control their assessment, final assessment of which rating, but we are talking to them constantly and sharing what our updated forecasts are with them. If we look at what a potential impact could be, if for some reason we were downgraded by two of the three, that would have an impact on our interest expense for the year, but--you know, we maintain the dialog. We look at the forecasts that we set out on a long term basis with them, and again we have those conversations with them all the time as well. This year has been unusual for everyone, right, but I think it’s safe to say to everybody on this call that when you look out beyond this year, our plans haven’t changed. Our integration plans haven’t changed. Brian’s talked about the teams are working together and identifying more brands that we can take out and leverage around our blueprint, so having time to sit on video calls with everyone has been very good in a lot of ways for creating those long-term revenue opportunities. As we look at our longer term plans, our plans really haven’t changed, they’ve just gotten delayed a bit by this anomaly of 2020 and what we’re all experiencing together right now.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Well, as we look at our product, we’ve not had to take pricing on much product. We talked about at the end of last year, we had to take a little bit of pricing because of the List 4A tariffs in some of our gaming, and that’s how. We’ve obviously had some input cost increases just because of shortages, but not a lot, and most of our product cost is hedged, as I talked about. As we think about that, we’ve got great contracts that really help secure moving our product cost to the U.S., and then we’re actually seeing great efficiencies from our contract that we entered into to move our product to our retailers once it gets into the various locations, so we’ve been able to achieve that. But we’re seeing the cost savings that we talked about from our cost savings activities from last year, and really what we’re trying to do is simplify how we go to market. In this changed time, we’re trying to make sure that we align all of our regions so we’re able to get the most efficiency possible out of our moving product to our various warehouses. We’ve increased our ability to service ecomm and increased our ability to do flex warehousing so we can deliver a lot quicker within Europe, so that will be helpful as well as we look forward with this increase in ecomm, and also as we just look at some of the costs that we’re all taking out of our business, we’ve taken quite a bit of travel costs out and other costs out. We think we’ll continue to do that as we move forward, and over time as we start expanding more of our product and things get a bit back to where they were on the revenue side and introducing some more of our digital games that we have in development right now, we see that’s where the margin expansion will come in over time. But we are very focused on cost, both from a cash and an expense standpoint as well.
