Brian D. Goldner: Sure, sure. If you look at both Transformers, the brand, as well as Beyblade, the performance is better than one would expect in a post-movie or a post-phenomena year. So Beyblade is tracking well. In fact, in the U.S., the POS is up pretty significantly. Transformers total brand is down as one would expect, but has been mitigated by television and the expansion of the brand into other categories, and so it is down less than one would expect in a non-movie year following a movie. So again, fairly positive, although we're in a tough comp quarter versus a year ago for both brands. As we look at Marvel, the performance has been phenomenal. The Avengers has performed great and is ahead of our expectations. We continue to be very excited about this brand as we roll into the third and the fourth quarter with DVDs and other promotion around those brands. Spider-Man has really just gotten started and feel very good about the product lines, as well as the performance there. And that will continue, obviously, to route [ph] into the DVD periods. So I won't be able to give you -- not going to give specific guidance versus 2007 because, again, Avengers is a new property for us. It wasn't out there in 2007. Spider-Man has performed well, and Marvel has performed very well. So I think overall, our Boys business is well positioned for the year. In terms of Europe, David -- I'll ask David to comment in a moment. Overall, we're seeing bright spots and challenging spots. But overall, our investments in merging European territories -- eastern European territories, Russia and our Turkey business continue to perform exceedingly well. The U.K. has performed exceedingly well and a few other markets. And then we have a couple of markets where there's clearly some signs of economic challenge, particularly Spain. I don't know, David, if you want to comment further.
Brian D. Goldner: So Drew, if you look even in a market like Spain that is, from an economic standpoint, fairly challenged, I was remarking that My Little Pony brand is up significantly in POS in the quarter. It is because we’ve put television on the air. It's part of our overall TV strategy. The fact that our brand shows are now in over 170 countries, really every country you'd want to be in globally, including throughout Europe. And it's beginning to perform quite well. So as David said, innovative product lines, entertainment-backed product lines, which include our core brands and television, do have a way to not only mitigating but helping us to grow despite economic challenging environments.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I'll give you a bit, and then David can -- should talk some specifics. Overall, through both the first half and into the quarter, the U.S. business was down 1% or 2% in total, but again, ahead of the market because we've gained share in the U.S. market. That was really driven by our Games business being down obviously. Our shipments in Games being down 7.5% in the quarter is better than our overall POS as we start to put new lines into the market, including our Boys Action Gaming segments. And we have seen some very bright spots within our overall POS. But recognize, once you take a decision to take and put less inventory into the market and restage the business around the consumer, clearly, that has an impact, just the amount of inventory you have in terms of overall POS. I don't if you want to comment further.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I believe, obviously, as we put more new innovation, core brands and our partners into the market, you have more inventory, which is part of our strategy, putting more inventory in line with consumer demand. We have also been able to reorient our P&L, we talked about it earlier in the year, to have significantly more marketing spend in the second half of the year than we had versus prior years. In the second half of the year, really focusing in on increasing our marketing spend overall, but not going above the 10% to 11% range total company, total year. But again, all that will point to a greater rate of sale and great innovations in our product line. We're particularly excited about a lot of our new innovation, be it the Furby brand; or this 1D, One Direction brand, that's coming in the Girls category; as well as in Littlest Pet Shop, the fact that we have this whole new line of fairies, which is already off to a pretty good start, albeit early days; and My Little Pony. So that in each category, I think, we have some great new innovations and things that have already shown us to be selling quite well. In Preschool, I think one of the categories we're happiest to see selling quite well is not just in Sesame, but really the Playskool Heroes line, where we've really reoriented and expanded the play patterns for those brands to this youngest consumer and performing quite well, so...
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, I think, if you look go forward -- actually, if you go back historically, go prior to 2010 and '11, 2009 actually, fourth quarter was bigger than third quarter. So again, it has to do with putting more innovation and more marketing in the quarter. It has to do with the trends within the international business, and we're lining up the U.S. to be more like a lot of our international markets, the fact that E&L, our Entertainment and Licensing segment, does tend to have higher revenues. So I would say this is really more a glimpse into the future of how we intend to execute our plans, and it's not inconsistent with the ways we've achieved our years in past years, although more recently, it had been third higher than fourth.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. So we're on track, Margaret, for -- 2013 had been our guidance for Brazil and for Russia to become profitable. In fact, we're on track for that. We may decide to take a bit longer in China given our progress that we've made there. But again, the biggest geographies and the biggest costs go profitable in 2013, and that's been consistent with our plan.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we have a significant range of new initiatives, almost by category. We tried to outline some of that in the prepared remarks. Within even the Beyblade business that has been out there and performing quite well, we have the new BEYWHEELZ line, as well as a number of new initiatives in there and new entertainment backing that. Obviously, we have our Boys Action brands, with Transformers being supported by television and all the Marvel properties that have their DVDs that come out in those windows; Star Wars in the third and fourth quarter with new initiatives. In the Girls business, clearly, Furby and One Direction and new Littlest Pet Shop, in addition to new My Little Pony. In the Preschool category, clearly, coming out with some brand new Sesame Street product, as well as a continuation of Playskool Heroes. So again, category by category, lots of new initiatives. And in Games, a raft of new brands. Our retailers have been very pleased to see the rate of innovation, the pace of innovation. Again, we talked a bit about that. But whether it's a lot of our own new core Hasbro brands or some of the alliances we have, Where's My Water? and the Zynga brand games all coming out this fall. And so it's not just about the timing of initiatives but the fact of how we intend to execute our strategy to ensure we're growing profitability by putting inventory closer to consumer demand and then using increased marketing to drive through that higher-quality inventory.
Brian D. Goldner: No. I would say, in fact, I think that given where we are year-to-date, the fact that year-to-date the company is down $120 million, with growth in Entertainment and Licensing and International offset by the U.S., it is consistent with our plan. There is nothing per se exogenous that's driving us to hedge our bets. In fact, if you look at the last couple of years, the reason the fourth quarter probably was down a bit was because of performance in the fourth quarter in 2010 and 2011. So in fact, this is very consistent with consumer takeaway and very consistent with what retailers and Hasbro are planning. And we just wanted to make sure that we were clearly communicating this, given the opportunity we have now in the second quarter to show how we're beginning to achieve many of the important items that we had in our plan for the year, including returning the U.S. and Canada segment to historical levels of operating profit margin, stabilizing Games and growing revenues and EPS absent ForEx. We felt that this was additional color that we should provide at the time.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So if you look at by program, year 2010 to '11, we produced 335 half-hours. In 2011 to '12, we're producing nearly 300 half-hours. So in all, over 700 half-hours between the 2 years. And so again, no diminution of production, just being more efficient in the way we produce.
Brian D. Goldner: When we talk about new initiatives, we're talking about the fact that both within our core brands and well -- as well in our partners' brand, lots of new products and innovations launching into the market across the different categories from Games, Girls, Preschool and Boys. And it also has to do with the fact that we will have significant marketing programs and additional marketing spend versus prior years. Again, the way we've rebalanced the profitability in the U.S., returning it to historical levels of operating profit margin has also allowed us to spend more promotionally in stores and strategically with retailers. But spending less on flowing inventories throughout the year, a less productive use of money, putting inventories in an advanced consumer demand and rather spending the money when the consumer is most likely to want to purchase the product and allowing us the opportunity to get closer to the consumer demand, which allows us to know which products we want to manufacture more of. It also allows us to manage our tooling expense because we are able to see more just-in-time results around our initiatives. So that's all what's driving the initiatives comment in the press release. And in terms of Girls, we're very excited about our Girls business. I have seen great POS gains in My Little Pony, where we've put together the full branded play blueprint. And the POS in the U.S. in the first quarter and year-to-date has been up significantly. We have new Littlest Pet Shop launching now with the fairy segments and the new television around Blythe and the pet shop coming into the U.S. and then international markets in spring of 2013. Obviously, Furby is launching this fall. That's registered within the Girls category, although we think that's a product line that both girls and boys are going to really enjoy. And we also have a One Direction product line that's launching. Again, that will be measured within Girls, and that's around the band from the U.K. that, if you ask any little girl, they know all about. So that's sort of the plan for the year.
Brian D. Goldner: So Sean, as we're beginning to distribute our programming across all these different digital platforms and we're putting in place longer-term deals, we're seeing the revenue projections go up, which allow us to spread the amortization over more time, a longer waterfall, if you will. And so that's really -- should be viewed as good news.
Brian D. Goldner: Right. Well, it's really both, and you see it -- obviously, you see it in the quarter. We had always said, when we had the conversation about the television strategy, that we were going to go get revenues from a lot of different places, including the distribution of programming internationally. That -- the additional merchandise that it would sell and the fact that we would sell and distribute our shows across every platform kids were watching, and in fact, that's what we are doing. So you see it both in terms of revenues in the quarter, and as well the reduced amort is just recognizing that we're able to now spread our revenues, a growing base of revenues over more time as we have these longer-term deals in place.
Brian D. Goldner: I don't know that I have that broken out, but I will say that the Preschool year-to-date POS is up very strongly. And one of the biggest bright spots within that is the Play-Doh business, overall up a bit, and that's a big global brand for us. It's probably one of our most widely distributed brands globally. And then lots of new business coming in our Playskool Heroes business, so Transformers Rescue Bots, the Jedi Force from Star Wars, Spider-Man Adventures and the Super Hero Squad, Super Hero Adventures, all that. So whether it be Marvel, Lucas and Transformers, those are some of the biggest increases within Preschool. So again, Marvel, Star Wars, Transformers. So that -- again, the Playskool Heroes lines are contributing significantly.
Brian D. Goldner: We'll have -- it's a little of both. We'll have some products that were out. Clearly, there's some core heroes in the movie that we're going after, and with Dwayne Johnson, The Rock, and Bruce Willis and some other heroes, clearly, some folks to focus on that kids really enjoy. But we also are working on some new segments that gives us a bit of time to work on some new segments and to work with our retailers in strategic ways to bring out and enhance some new play patterns. And we haven't really talked about those yet but, clearly, gives us an opportunity to go after some additional segments with G.I. Joe.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, our POS -- as David mentioned, our POS in Boys is up in the U.S. Once we get the best data, it's up in a few other categories. But overall, I would not say that revenues have replaced Transformers' revenues. Remember, last year, the biggest shipping quarter for Transformers was the second quarter, given the total performance. So we have not offset those revenues. But what we can say is that, and have said that, Avengers is ahead of expectations, performing very, very well. At this point, as we speak to you, Spider-Man is really off to a great start, but still much more business to be done given the timing of the movie release. We have the DVDs, obviously, coming in the second half of the year, as well as a lot of the major marketing initiatives from retailers in partnership with us. So the Boys business is really -- we've got to look at as a fourth quarter business. A lot of new initiatives coming in Beyblade, I'd mentioned as well. Year-to-date, the POS, particularly in our major markets like the U.S., has been particularly strong. And we learned a lot from the last time Beyblade came out to ensure that we had new innovation coming in the second half of this year with BEYWHEELZ and some other new innovations. And those innovations are highlighted in the story arc of the animation, which, again, is new for the brand. It was something that we hadn't done the last time around. So again, lots of business to still be done across the company in third and fourth quarter, particularly in Boys. But we're at a -- we're in a good spot thus far in the year.
Brian D. Goldner: Sure. In Nerf, we've got the whole new reinvention of the Nerf line with Nerf Elite with real performance opportunity, meaning the Nerf Elite product line now shoots 75 feet, very high performance product. The Nerf players really love this product in research. The retailers are very excited. And so you'll see Nerf Elite in broad distribution this third and fourth quarter. So that's -- again, that brand gets completely reinvented for the second half.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, a couple of things. First, in the second quarter, there was some revenue from Netflix. Second, on Battleship, we were paid some moneys as producer fees when the movie was first greenlit, so that mitigates or would offset some ultimates that we might get paid in Battleship, so that happened back third or fourth quarter of last year. But again, as the movie plays through all the different elements, you would get residual payments at whatever level would be appropriate through the DVD window and/or international TV distribution, whatever it might be. In the Girls business, I'm not going to guide on third versus fourth quarter revenues. But clearly, we are very excited both about One Direction and Furby. Furby does break in English-speaking markets in September, so late in the third quarter. And One Direction would begin hitting in earnest in August, and that would be in all markets, except for the U.K. U.K. and Ireland would not be included.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, if you actually look across the landscape of what we've done in a brand like Transformers, it's indicative of the opportunity we have to expand those brand franchises. So a year ago in Transformers, it was much more boys action-oriented, and this year, we have significant initiatives that are in Boys Action Gaming. We have significant initiatives that are in our Preschool business. So I think it has, to some degree, a question of measurement versus what we're meaningfully doing around some of these brands. That's not to say that we aren't reinventing lots of elements of our action figure business, and you'll continue to see that. And performance in The Avengers and Spider-Man, you'll see the expansion of categories beyond just action figures to be in role play and several other categories, including, as I said, gaming. In the Games business, we have been and are 1 year into the reinvention of that business. We're reinventing that business across a number of different platforms. For us, it's about providing games consumers what they're really looking for across every platform. And so long as we can continue to create great games that have the kinds of high operating profit margin we've enjoyed in our Games business and are more right for the consumer, more consumer-centric and more consistent with the way consumers want to play, then we'll be in a great position, and you see that beginning to be reflected in the second quarter as revenues were down less than the point-of-sale declines. And we're beginning to ship those initiatives, and the performance of Boys Action Gaming, in particular, has been quite good. So I think we're redefining ways to play with our brands, and we recognize that innovation will be the lifeblood of both of those categories.
Brian D. Goldner: No, we actually have been well underway and really restructuring the way we go to market in our business. Today, we have half of our employees outside of the U.S. That wasn't true just 2 or 3 years ago. If you look at the changes to our employment base, we've hired hundreds of people outside the U.S., and as you know, earlier, we made an adjustment and took people out of the business as we looked at growth opportunities versus opportunities for operating profit margin expansion. So we're continuing to look at this in a meaningful way. We're going to continue to look at our growth initiatives. But we also are investing in the growth platforms like our games innovation, in our marketing and selling and in our global brands and global brand organization and R&D. And so we'll continue to make the right investments. But we've also focused on more broad experiences, more immersive experiences over far fewer SKUs. And that's part of the strategy as well as how we look at product development is we're spending more per SKU and getting more innovation out of our product line.
Brian D. Goldner: The contract currently goes through 2018. And we have had a great long-term relationship with the Walt Disney Company. They are great partners for us and have been in a number of categories and, certainly, over time. We've continued to work with Marvel and with Disney to really supercharge the Marvel brand and the Marvel business. We really love where Marvel is going. We feel very good about our ability to innovate as leaders in the Boys Action business and the willingness to innovate across multiple platforms and pursuing boys action play patterns across any number of new initiatives and the ability to spend money in R&D and market it globally. And as we've invested in these international markets, clearly, that lines up really well with the growth in the motion picture business, which is growing more in emerging markets as more multiplexes are being built in Brazil, in Russia, in China. And so as we have our own marketing and sales personnel on the ground, we would expect that our international business is very much in line with and very complementary to a global entertainment company strategy.
Brian D. Goldner: Okay. So what you're seeing is what we'd said would happen, which is that as we produced television programming and began to distribute it internationally and began to distribute it across platforms, we begin to get payments. Not every quarter will be the same because that digital distribution happens at a different pace. Some quarters will be more up, and some quarters will be more modest. So I'm not saying that it's going to grow every quarter, and I'm not saying that every quarter might be as big as second quarter. But it will be, on average, growing over time. That is our intention. It does have to do with supercharging our business around entertainment and our television strategy. And so we'd expect that Entertainment and Licensing would continue to grow over time based on producing television programming and distributing it around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, again, I'm not going to comment by quarter. But to try to give some color, I wouldn't expect that, as I said, every quarter to be identical. I think we got movies -- the movie payments we talked about, like Battleship, we got a payment last year. So you wouldn't expect a payment like that this fall, so that could be offsetting. But again, overall, the trend would be increasing over time. But again, not up every quarter. And so that will be a bit of up and down in some of those payments as we make digital deals.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, we think it's going to be -- it will be a great movie year for us in 2013. We've clearly seen the momentum in Marvel, and we feel great about the fact that in Iron Man 3, which comes -- currently planned to come in May. The Wolverine from Fox. We have Thor in the fall. As you know, we've -- we're reinventing and partnering with Paramount and J.J. Abrams for Star Trek, which comes next May. G.I. Joe is at the end of the first quarter. And then we mentioned -- although I can't speak specifically, but we did mention that at the end of August, Lucasfilm would be making further announcements about their initiatives, and I'll leave it to them to give you the specifics. But I think we've highlighted that Lucasfilm does have major plans for 3D for 2013.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, 2 things. One is that The Hub's performance in Q2, which is -- would not include that period when DIRECTV and Viacom were in that argument, was the best in The Hub's history. That June was our best month in the network's history, that we saw a 54% ratings growth in Q2 2012 versus '11 in total day, particularly with kids 2 to 11. So The Hub's performance is already showing great momentum and, in percentage terms, was the fastest-growing kids network in the period. We did see additional growth. I think it was noted in some articles. The Hub have showed additional great growth. I think the more widely The Hub is distributed, the better the performance is. So clearly as we got the additional distribution during that window, we saw great performance gains. And The Hub is now available in 64 million homes, so up from our launch. And again, every distribution gain is of significant benefit to continuing to gain ratings.
Brian D. Goldner: I think the biggest growth driver for us has more to do with our summer schedule, which kicked off in late May and early June. Margaret Loesch and her team have done a great job in programming the network around our highest performing brands. The summer schedule is really showing great strength, day part per day part. We're beginning to beat our competition in several day parts throughout the week, and I think it bodes well for the momentum in the network and viewership. And then, of course, some of our shows -- the earlier seasons of some of our shows, not the original content on The Hub, but some of the earlier seasons, are also available on lots of different services, including Netflix as we mentioned. And that gives us additional homes to drive interest in the brands. Netflix has, what, 24 million homes, and so that's additional interest in the brand to drive the incremental merchandising around our brands.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I mean, not really. I mean, clearly, it is a challenging economic environment, particularly countries like Spain and Greece. On the other hand, history shows us that if you've got a good product line and good entertainment, lots of innovation, you can have a good year in a down economy and vice versa. So we think with the continuing strength for Beyblades and as well as a lot of new product launches coming later in the year, including things like Furby, that we should have a pretty good year in Europe, even despite the economic challenges. And then, of course, our business in Latin America is storming ahead at the moment. We feel very good about our business there.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes, and then I think when you go internationally, it's more mix. Certainly, in the U.K. and Mexico, we're having really strong POS. In Spain, where we talked about the difficult economy, clearly, our POS is down. I think if you go to the Latin American markets, again, I was reviewing their businesses last week, and clearly, our business is up by more than the industry in each of those markets. So we must be gaining share in places like Brazil, Colombia, Peru and Chile, and then our business in Russia and Turkey is doing very well. Clearly, again, the growth that we're achieving is greater than the market growth, so we must be gaining share in those markets as well.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. In terms of the U.S., clearly, our POS is down a bit more on Games than it is on toys. Toys, we’re much closer to flat. And within that, we are up on Boys' toys during the quarter. We are up on Preschool during the quarter. As we go overseas, less really good POS data. But clearly, some of the markets where we said we're significantly up would be U.K. I think a lot of that is Boys again as well. And as we go into the other markets I talked about, the newer emerging markets, such as Peru, Chile, Colombia and Korea and Turkey and Russia, I think we are probably gaining share, and our POS up is in -- is up in most categories because it is up fairly significantly. And it's probably up across the board because we're getting established and growing significantly in these markets.
David D. R. Hargreaves: It's mixed, Margaret. I mean, many of those markets I talked about today are already profitable, especially the smaller markets, which are adjacent to large markets and can maybe, to some extent, utilize their services. I think the markets where we've talked about not being breakeven, thus far, are the bigger markets that have high potential. And we're investing heavily in order to put infrastructure in place, which, obviously, includes offices, people, systems, warehouses. So we've opened a new warehouse in Russia this quarter. So in places like China, Russia, Brazil, India, the BRIC markets, which have bigger and have long-term potential, the investment is higher. And they’re the markets which are not yet at a breakeven, maybe Russia, maybe much closer to that at this stage.
David D. R. Hargreaves: So I think what you're seeing, Tim, is we're getting extraordinary growth in some of these new markets overseas. And as we get that growth, obviously, we're having to put inventory in place to support that. So for example, during the second quarter of 2012, we've opened a new warehouse in Russia to support that business. Previously, we used to ship a product there from the Soest warehouse in Germany. So obviously, as we go into these newer markets, we had to put language-specific inventory in place, so we can't just use English language from the U.S. or the U.K. So we have to put language-specific inventory in place. And as we grow, we start to have warehouses -- additional warehouses. So yes, our inventory is up a bit by historic standards, but it's primarily driven by those new international markets.
David D. R. Hargreaves: I think the other thing, Michael, is you're looking at big industry trends. I mean, certainly, going forward, we don't see the U.S. being as high growth market as some of our emerging markets. But I think as you're looking at big trends, what you also see is as industries mature, they tend to consolidate more. So if you look what's happening now, we've gained share, and Mattel has gained share, and LEGO have gained share. So what tends to happen is industries tend to mature. The big tend to get bigger and pick up market share. That goes back to the sort of Coke-Pepsi, Levi's-Lee type scenario. So I think even in a relatively mature, not a high-growth market -- I'm not saying it's tiny, but not a high-growth market, there's clearly opportunities for us to grow our business and gain market share go-forwards.
David D. R. Hargreaves: In terms of a percentage, I don't know it off the top of my head. In terms of total international, it's about 50% nowadays, or 50% of our revenues during the quarter were outside of a U.S. headwind [ph]. And as we said, Europe's has done okay. Absent FX rate, it was, I think, 1% down. Within that, we've had markets like Spain, which we said are very challenging or down. But we’ve also had markets like Turkey and Russia, which are significantly up.
Deborah M. Thomas: No, Rob. This is Deb. Not really. Just as we kind of look at that and look at our final ultimate revenues as we're getting a bit more experience in this area, we see that we've got a lower level of amortization that we'll have in this year, given the full level of ultimates that we're expecting to see now. And the same with the cash spend. As we get a little bit more experienced at this, we've been able to gain efficiencies. So it's not that we're producing less programming or less -- lower-quality programming. That's not the case. It's just that we're able to gain efficiencies in the cash spend. So that impacts the amortization, as well as the cash spend numbers. So that's why they've both come down.
Deborah M. Thomas: Sean, it's a little bit of both. But to remind us, it was $60 million to $70 million with the amortization range before, and now we're saying it's $50 million to $60 million. And it's a function of the longer-term ultimate revenues that the costs will be spread over going up a bit, so that's a piece of it, as well as the cost of production coming down. So it's really a function of those 2 items that you're saying impact our estimate for the full year this year. So higher estimated ultimate revenues result in lower amortization.
Deborah M. Thomas: It did help gross margin, Tim, because we had a higher level of revenue coming in to support those costs. But as we said, we are reallocating those dollars toward promotional advertising dollars. We'll probably spend more later in the year. So that has helped the gross margin a bit, but probably the largest -- the other 2 items that impacted gross margin this year were the higher revenue from our Wizards of the Coast business, which is just a higher gross margin business to begin with, as well as Entertainment and Licensing. So those are really the other 2 items besides the lack of or the lower level of closeouts this year compared to a year ago.
Deborah M. Thomas: Gerrick, for the quarter, as we've said in the past, and it was consistent this quarter, about 10% of the impact of revenue is the impact on earnings for the quarter. So we had about a $0.02 negative impact in the quarter from foreign exchange. We also had the benefit of having done a higher level of hedges at this point in the year. So those hedges were -- they are pretty good compared to our pricing, and given what’s happened with the euro recently, we were probably able to protect more of our cost earlier in the year than later in the year. So as we go forward, good rule of thumb from a translational standpoint, 10% of the impact on revenue will go to the bottom line. And we may have a bit more than that as we have less product hedged later in the year. But again, it depends on where the euro -- primarily the euro goes.
Deborah M. Thomas: They would have primarily been in cost of sales, and we had a little bit in the quarter. But again, we just -- we hedge to try to protect our prices, not to time the market so...
