Brian D. Goldner: Yes. So first, Drew, if you look across the business, there were a number of games brands that grew based on having kicked off the Center of Excellence and began to build some of the momentum. So whether it's the GAME OF LIFE or Simon, Magic: The Gathering, Duel Masters, Risk, Yahtzee, a number of brands including Monopoly electronic edition, the Electronic Banking. We need to continue to build the momentum in the innovation and reinvention of our games brands. Inventory in the games business was down at the end of the fourth quarter. So retailers were sort of destocking in some of the other SKUs within our brands. We focused in on a number of campaigns around those brands, those bigger, more global brands, our core brands, if you will, within the games business. And that's our strategy go forward. We need to build greater momentum given the size of the games business to reach across more of our games business, and that's our intention over 2012. You'll see a number of new games initiatives that will be launched throughout the year 2012. Therefore, rather than providing some specific guidance, talking about stabilizing the games business in 2012 and growing it in 2013 and beyond. We know we can grow this games business because every time we innovate, and the team's focused around great innovation and off-the-board gaming and face-to-face gaming, we know we can drive that brand and grow that brand. We need to build more mass and we will do that.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, it was great that last night in the Super Bowl, our partners and our own brands were so heavily featured, and it was really emblematic of the kind of year we have in entertainment. Within that, we had The Avengers, and Star Wars, Battleship and G.I. Joe. And in the pregame, we had the Transformers theme park ride that opens at Universal in May. Retailers are excited about our initiatives. We're very excited about what Sony and Marvel have done to reinvent Spider-Man and you'll see that product shipping in the second quarter as we go on shelves for May. You'll see in Avengers, product shipping late in the first quarter and a lot of excitement around a combination of superheroes there. Battleship, we focus on other categories like KRE-O, and continue to roll out a very successful new product launch in the KRE-O brand. In G.I. Joe, really good support. So again, across the board, if you look at the entertainment initiatives, people are excited about those. Lots of new innovation within those lines. So again, a good start to 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: And, Drew, the other piece I just remembered. On Transformers, obviously, Transformers Prime, it's a TV series that's now airing at over 140 countries around the world. So as we've seen in prior years, where we have television following a movie year, we would expect to mitigate the decline. So I would look to those years where we've had television following motion pictures as more of a guidepost. Although I can't provide you specific numbers, but I would say that we're very excited about the early rating successes as we're having on Transformers Prime around the world.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think that those were the 3 that I talked about. Those are the 3 that we have. I don't think I said 4.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, actually, this trend began earlier on if you look at the lineup on The Hub, you see Batman animation on the air. So certainly, that supporting product line from other companies, a number of toy companies are advertising on the air on The Hub. The Super Hero Squad is something we're very excited about. It really fits our programming lineup. It allows Marvel to go out and enhance its licensing efforts and our team is also working on enhanced line of products. So again, it's sort of emblematic of the trend that we're creating in The Hub as the ratings continue to increase year-on-year as we've seen through the fourth quarter and again in January. So again, we talked a long-term plan to make The Hub successful and then to distribute our programming around the world. So this is just another one of those building blocks in that progress.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. Michael, if you look at the strategy in 2012 as we executed, we are focused on that core tenets of our strategy and 2012 is about executing our strategy. Over the last couple years, we've been putting in place the building blocks, that blueprint that enables us to get there. So we have great brand innovation, and we're focusing on new brands as well as reinvented brands. Our international growth again speaks to the kinds of innovation we've had and the growth that we have in our lines. We're going to return the U.S. to historical levels of profitability and momentum, and we're creating immersive experiences, whether it's in motion picture television. So again, focused on the core reinvention of toys and games primarily and then building the capabilities around that blueprint in order to create that immersive experience for consumers. We did have a setback in the U.S. in 2011. We've already taken steps to change that momentum to return the business to operating profit in the immediate present, and then to continue to drive for growth. So in any transformation, there are steps forward, and then there are areas where we need to improve our execution. But overall, if you look at the growth in Europe at 19%; Latin America, 19%; Asia Pacific at 24%, our growth in Entertainment and Licensing in revenues and soon, in operating profit as we digest the investments we made in personnel there. Again, we're going to grow our operating profit in the long term, in the absolute, faster than revenues over time. And in 2012, as Deb mentioned, we'll have modest improvements in operating profit margin back to more historical levels, particularly focused on the U.S. business. So we're focused on execution, putting the right teams into place.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I think one of the things that we've done a lot of is investing in innovation, and I think around the world, we've gotten paid for that innovation and we've gone after marketing campaigns that have really worked for us around those brands, global marketing initiatives. The U.S. is a more sophisticated market, more technologically savvy, it's where we need to focus on that off-the-board gaming, face-to-face gaming and the marriage of digital gaming along with analog gaming as we've done with the Wizards of the Coast business, where we've seen that kind of growth in Magic: The Gathering. We've seen that kind of growth from Simon or Risk or Yahtzee and MONOPOLY Electronic Banking where we add those elements. Those are the kinds of things we need to go after so you'll see a combination of product development that's focused on a more technological savvy consumer, marketing campaigns that focus on a consumer that's consuming media in any number of platforms which is very true for the U.S., the ability to provide those -- the connection to consumers and that immersive experience across any number of platforms. So it's all about recognizing the difference in a mature market like in the U.S. and growth in growing market share there as we have done internationally.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, I look at the -- where were the teams have been able to get to new innovations and recognize they've started to take on this just over the summer, spring and summer of 2011. Everywhere we've put new innovations and new marketing campaigns in place, those brands are growing. Although recognize the size of the games business and the number of brands that we currently market. We need to create some focus and create some impact around that. So as I said, whether it's Magic: The Gathering that's grown, Duel Masters, the GAME OF LIFE, Simon, Risk, Yahtzee, MONOPOLY Electronic Banking. In fact, one of the areas that has been the fastest percentage decline is our puzzle business and we're addressing that business. So that's not where we can apply our best innovation. So again, I don't believe that overall, we're just talking about some secular change. I think what we're talking about is a recognition that we can create all kinds of gaming experiences off the board, the marriage of digital and analog, and on the board with digital and analog connections and you will see a lot of that as you come to Toy Fair on our analyst presentation on Friday and we're quickening the pace and impact of our innovation through the creation of the Gaming Center of Excellence, and we're very committed to and believe in the ability to grow our games business overtime.
Brian D. Goldner: Great. Well, if you look at the Boys business, clearly had a very successful year last year having grown 35%. And so one might be hard pressed to say you expect additional growth. Having said that, we have so many great new initiatives and so many partnered brands that are really being reinvented in such a spectacular way. We could see growth in the Boys business. I think we certainly have put plans in place to continue to reinvent the Beyblade brand and work with Nelvana to put that new innovation into the animation. And you'll see a whole new segment called Beywheels [ph] as well as other new innovations in Beyblade. In Transformers, with the television, we would expect that to mitigate a decline we'd normal see in a movie year. Spider-Man looks fantastic. Avengers looks great. Star Wars launches this Friday in 3D. So whether it's in motion-picture supported brands or television-supported brands, we feel very good about our Boys business. I won't provide specific guidance but suffice it to say, we could see the continued success in our Boys business over and above last year. In games, we've talked about the idea of stabilizing the games business, which we believe we can do and we are seeing momentum in certain brands that we need to expand across a broader array of volume, of revenues and volume to create that critical mass in our games business. We do expect that our Girls business can grow this year and we would expect continued momentum in our Preschool business as we've already created, and you can see the results in our fourth quarter. Sesame Street is just really begun to roll out. It hadn't had as much impact in the international markets as it did domestically and that's just about getting out to more markets beyond English-speaking, as well as new innovations in the Preschool business.
Brian D. Goldner: Well, we're focused on the business in a number of ways. First, creating a 12-month business through constant invention of new segments beyond just the plush business has to been historically more back end loaded; focusing on a number of new characters, which you'll see; focusing on learning, which also will be ever present throughout the Sesame line as one might expect. So we have seen great success in Sesame Street, thus far, albeit early days. And we do need to get the brand out to more markets. Sesame Street is one of the most widely distributed TV programs around the world. We need to take advantage of the fact that so many consumers love and admire and watch Sesame Street programming. So we're in the early days but with really positive indications.
Brian D. Goldner: The Universal relationship kicked off in 2008. As we all know, the motion picture business has really evolved dramatically since then. Our goal in moving some of those movies to some great new partnerships has everything to do with our ability to create visibility to new initiatives, to work with our global retailers and potential license partners as well as in digital gaming and to be able to plant the flag around timing in the near future, whether it's 2014 or beyond. So it's really mostly about that and signing with Relativity who's a great studio, very innovative studio on Stretch Armstrong and it's currently slated for April. In Candy Land, it was a lot of excitement around working with Adam Sandler and expanding our relationship with Sony, where we already have Risk in development. And so that's really been the plan. If you think about it and the motion picture business for us, while our 3 movies have certainly generated $3 billion at the box office, more importantly for us, those 4 movies have generated over $1.6 billion in merchandise sales for Hasbro across a number of different categories and in license products. So we continue to focus on that. We don't have any plans currently to finance our own motion pictures. We're always out looking at weighing our strategic options and running the math of every number of scenarios in every one of our business initiatives. 2012 is really about executing the core tenants of our strategy. It's about making that pivot and albeit there'll be some investments and continuing to build our emerging market business, it's really about executing our strategy, and you know our brand blueprint as by now. And that's what we're focused on, is executing that strategy.
Brian D. Goldner: As we mentioned, we're EBITDA positive in 2011. We do have marketing budgets considered within our operating plans each year. The Hub has made great progress. We've seen a number of different platforms really work for us, 5 of the top 10 rated shows are Hasbro shows. But we also have some great spooky stuff that's really performing from R.L. Stine, the Haunting Hour and Goosebumps that the team put together a great on-air promotional approach that was kind of an immersive experience onto itself in January called Janu-Scary, which was very effective and drove ratings growth. A combination of our Hasbro Studios programs as well as some of these spooky shows. Though the approach continues to build progress over time and we have marketing support contemplated, and the network is now in 62 million homes.
Brian D. Goldner: Rob, I think we're not going to try to forecast growth, as we mentioned, the 7% growth last year was above our 5% guidance on average revenue growth over time. We continue to maintain the 5% CAGR expectation on revenue growth over time. But I'm not going to guide specifically on '12 versus '11. Suffice it to say, we're trying to be clear on the fact that '12, we believe, will grow both revenues and EPS, returning the U.S. business to more normalized levels of profitability and getting operating profit percentage up modestly in 2012.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes, it would. I mean, it mitigates it a bit in that we have initiatives that are earlier in the year, but I think what David said is particularly important. If you look last year, international sales over the last 10 years in the fourth quarter and then over the last couple of years has actually been more than 50% of our revenues. And so it's a significant difference in first quarter revenues in international versus fourth quarter revenues. So that does tend to -- that will tend to skew as international is growing at the rate that it is and as we play catch up in several markets around the world as we put teams in place and move from distributor businesses into our owned and operated subsidiaries. So that's going to have probably the biggest impact on quarterly sales as growth of the International business relative to the U.S. Equally, if you look at Entertainment and Licensing, a lot of our license fees are paid to us in arrears. In other words, quarters after the activity. And so again, that tends to have an impact of more third and fourth quarter oriented. That, combined with focusing on consumer insights and partnering with our retailers in a very significant way, the team has already been out to see our retailers, and is working with our retailers on great partnerships in the U.S. and promotional partnerships to ensure that we really understand the consumer and shopper insights better than we ever have, and to return to an era of strategic thought leadership around retailing with them.
Brian D. Goldner: If you look overall in the POS around the world was particularly strong. And where we get absolute POS data was particularly strong. If look at the international markets, in several markets around the world, there were double-digit gains, significant double-digit gains. So we get POS data in a number of markets. In the U.S., overall, POS was down a bit, it was really led -- that decline was led by games. If you look at toy, it was up a bit. But again, as we look at our markets, international markets are very healthy. We talked about retail inventory levels and the momentum in those markets as we put teams in place, we would expect some of that to continue.
Brian D. Goldner: So the second question first, no, there won't be. It was our prerogative to move and to take the opportunity with very excited studio partners in Relativity and Sony to move those films and to plant the flag around dates and years so that we can provide visibility to those initiatives out in the marketplace with retail partnerships and promotional partnerships and the like. So, no, there won't be a charge or a payment.  And what was the other one? Oh, sorry, Nerf. So there are actually 3 major initiatives in Nerf coming this year, you'll hear more about those at the end of the week but suffice it to say, there's some underlying initiatives as well as some new brands and new initiatives within that. I think that in the international markets, Vortex work well, but recognize that our business is still primarily a dart business. International growth certainly offset the U.S. challenges. But for the fourth quarter, we recognize that the dart business is still the significant part of our business. You're going to see some major innovations within the lineup of darts and I'll talk more about that at the end of the week, as well as innovations within our sports business, as well as a Volt [ph] brand that we're taking out in the sports action category that we're very excited about and will be new business for us go forward.
Brian D. Goldner: And on the entertainment front. While there have been a couple of announced movies that are certainly supporting some of our brand initiatives, we have a couple of others, one in particular that we'll talk about on Friday for our brand in KRE-O, but I'll let John walk you through that on Friday. And then some other potential news for 2013 from some of our partners. But again, I'll let them share that news with you.
Brian D. Goldner: KRE-O was, I think I mentioned tens of millions of dollars. So we only launched in 10 markets this past year, already off to a very good start. We look at the initial market share data in those markets where we have data and very promising early market shares albeit only in a few months. And again, we'll roll out KRE-O now to 15 additional countries in 2012. We also add 1 brand that I will tell you about, which is Battleship. I think we mentioned that before but significant product offering within Battleship. That will go into our first 10 countries that we started KRE-O in, and then, that will roll out over time. And so that's sort of the strategy that we've employed as we look to create the innovations but also to have the capacity to make really high-quality innovative product and to market it in territories.
Brian D. Goldner: I think that you'll see the profitability return to the U.S. business, and we're focused on the return to profitability and then the drive for growth beyond that. But there are some specific things that had an impact on U.S. profitability in the fourth quarter, had to do with cleaning up the market. It had to do with material price variants in markdowns and partnering with our retailers given that we had higher expectations for sales in the U.S. that didn't materialize, and we had inventories. So I think you've seen we've worked our inventories down. We've gotten retail inventories in pretty good shape in the U.S. recognizing that it's mostly now focused on new initiatives and good performers in the marketplace versus year ago where we had certainly too much carryover inventory in games.
Brian D. Goldner: Sorry, returning to historical -- sorry, I thought I've said that. Returning to historical levels of profitability.
Brian D. Goldner: So go to Beyblade. I mean, clearly, what we've contemplated recognizing we've had experience with Beyblade before in working with partnership with some great partners in Takara Tomy and Nelvana and d-rights, we anticipated that Beyblade could perform very well in 2011. So we took some steps to create some new innovations that we hadn't done the last time around in Beyblade when the brand was out in 2003 and 2004. So you're going to see a major new innovative line within Beyblade called Beywheels [ph], you're going to see that incorporated in the animation. So to your point, we would expect some mitigation in the decline, but we also can expect that Beyblade may decline off a very strong year in 2011. Offsetting that is the fact that there's a number of new entertainment initiatives we're very excited about. So what I'm trying to give you is a sense that given all the new entertainment initiatives to Marvel and Sony, movies and Avengers now for Marvel Studios and the Walt Disney Company backing that globally. We have a lot of excitement around our Boys business, which could lead to increases in revenue year-on-year.
Brian D. Goldner: You see licensing revenues grew but we put some people into place around the world to take advantage of our brands as we continue to grow them and put immersive experiences around them. So we made investments in licensing which is why you see the operating profit did not grow, is that this has to do with the investments we made. We would expect in out years, in future years, that you'd start to get more profitability out of those investments as you grow revenues over time.
Brian D. Goldner: Yes. I think it's really a couple things. I think first, what you saw was a growth in revenues in the fourth quarter related to entertainment properties. Therefore, royalty-bearing properties. And so as those move ahead, obviously the operating profit changes in order to pay the royalties, and you try to mitigate that a bit by pairing back a bit on your own advertising in order to allow for the properties themselves, the television or motion pictures to market those brands to a bit of an extent. Actually, if you look at a lot of our core brands that we are focused on and the core innovations we're focused on within those brands, many of those brands rival the kinds of operating profit percentage we see in our games business and we're not seeing some kind of a wholesale falloff in our games operating profit and yet, some of our toy brands are equally profitable. What we're just talking about is the mix in the quarter, in the growth in entertainment-based or royalty-bearing brands, particularly in the fourth quarter as you saw a number of those brands move ahead between Sesame Street, Beyblade, Transformers and others offset by some of the games volume. So long-term, again, we see games as a profitable category. Many of our core brands are very profitable categories. But in a year where you have more entertainment, certainly, your royalties increase, and it does have an impact on the mix in operating profit.
Brian D. Goldner: I think that -- you're right, I'm not going to give an actual number. What would say is that our games business and even when we are putting innovation in our games business, whether it's an off-the-board game like Bop It! or Simon Flash, we can still enjoy strong operating profit percentages. So it's not just about making board games and selling those at a good operating profit percentage. We've also been able to, over time, create similar operating profit percentages in our brands by amortizing the R&D and marketing across more of the world by just expanding geographies. So whether it's a brand like My Little Pony that has some royalties related to television or a brand like Nerf or a brand like Play-Doh or PLAYSKOOL, you can grow brands with stronger operating profit percentages over time.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Firstly, Sean, this is David, and as we said, in the U.S., we're essentially flat. When we said sort of a better quantity, last year, we had too many games but our games are down almost 20% at retail inventory as we come into the end of the year. Where we're up is things like Beyblade. We were in very short supply on Beyblade last year. So logically, that's not a bad thing. We're up on Star Wars, which is another good thing because their movie in 3-D is launching this Friday. And we're up on KRE-O because that's a new brand for us. We didn't have any KRE-O last year, and we're up a bit on Transformers but the DVD on Transformers already hit in the fourth quarter of last year. So you've got kids down to watch right now and still good demand for that as well as television. So where we're up, we're sort of good place to be up and where we are down, in places like games. And actually, we're down a little bit in Nerf. I think we said that Nerf was flat for the year. As a line, it grown internationally but was down a bit in the U.S. and our inventory is down reflecting that. In terms of the first quarter, yes, I think whenever -- obviously, the new brands people were taking that to the extent that you got pockets of brands that you're bit long on, that is going to sort of have some kind of impact during the first quarter. I want to say that remember, half of our business nowadays is in international markets and in international markets, which have clearly grown nearly 19% this year. Last year, we're very happy with the level of inventory we're having in the retail trade.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Yes. I think when we think about the first quarter and you look at the calendarization of our sales, clearly, as our International business grows, our international sales tend to come later in the year and less in the first quarter. So I think you're going to see a reduction in the overall percentage of sales in the first quarter and maybe the first half. I think another factor is in the U.S., I think we're going to work with our retailers to try and sort of deliver product to them more in line with consumer demand much more like we do in international markets. So I think in the first quarter of this year and indeed, the first half, you're going to see a lower percentage of our full year sales than you would have done historically for those 2 reasons, not because of our sort of a retail carryover inventory so much.
David D. R. Hargreaves: Margaret, this is David. In terms of commodity cuts, we do see them going up again in 2012. I think what happened in '11 is in the first part of the year, they went up faster than we expected and then they stabilized a bit more towards the back half of the year and in the fourth quarter. However, overall, they were significantly up. And I think we're going to see them going up again in 2012 over the course of the entire year. I think labor costs, we've already seen that in various provinces in China that had increases ranging from like 15% to 20% that was sort of predetermined, I guess, multi-year increase in place. So labor costs will continue go up. And the second part of the question is given that your costs are going up, are you going take to pricing to cover that? And the answer is, yes, we are. We took a 5.5% price increase on carry-over items in the U.S. on February 1. And in markets around the globe, exchange rates come into impact as well but generally, we're taking sort of similar increases around the globe to offset the cost escalation.
Deborah Thomas: I think it's difficult in today's market, Felicia, looking at foreign exchange in what we really wanted to indicate that absent the impact of FX, which if you just look at the euro alone, it's been having a $0.10 range in the past month of trading against the dollar. Absent that, we expect to grow underlying revenues and earnings per share.
Deborah Thomas: Well, I think as we look at share repurchase, we had done quite a bit in the third quarter and we had mentioned that. And in the past year, we had also called our convertible debt and repurchased an equivalent amount of shares that went into the market with that. So in 2010, you saw a pretty high amount. We've done quite a bit in 2011. And at the end of 2011, we had $227 million remaining under our current board authorization. And my expectation and our expectation would be that we would continue to use that authorization as appropriate in the open market.
Deborah Thomas: I think that, Tim, as we've discussed before, we look at our net revenues as actual net revenues. So we don't split out the growth to net. It's all part of gaining those revenues for us.
Deborah Thomas: Okay. Well, I don't see us doing that, Tim, to be honest with you. Net revenues in net revenues. However, we will talk about different things as necessary. So thanks for the feedback.
Deborah Thomas: Well, it's because The Hub has goodwill on its books and as it amortizes that goodwill, that's what's creating essentially the loss. So the Hub is EBITDA positive, from an operational standpoint, it's positive. It's really that amortization that's driving it into a category at this point.
