Deborah Thomas: Great. Well, good morning, Steph. As far as inventory at retail, we did say it was down slightly at the end of the first quarter. But you'll notice our inventory was up and as we put some color around that, we said it's really in light of our major movie and entertainment launches that are coming in the second quarter and beyond this year, and also in support of our emerging market business where we continue to build in inventory to support the full year. So while it’s down a bit at retail, it's all of good quality here and internationally and we’re gearing up for more major entertainment releases later in the year.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. Well, if you recall, we made a large payment to Disney toward the end of last year in connection with extending our -- and harmonizing our agreement to have everything go through 2020. So if you kind of look at the trailing 12 months, if you add that payment back in, you’re getting close to the $500 million and there were some timing issues of payments with inventory and receivables. But really nothing unusual in connection with that.
Deborah Thomas: No, that was actually a gross number, and if you think about that, that was something that occurred in the U.S. So if you use really a U.S. tax rate it really shows it wasn’t a bigger number net as it looks on a gross basis. But we wanted to give that to you. Other than that, I mean our other income included better investment returns and lower foreign exchange losses kind of things that ebb and flow from year to year. But that was unusual, so we wanted to call that out and also within other income and expense as we were saying the Hub remains on track to pretax profitability and in fact had profit of $1.3 million versus a loss of a year ago.
Deborah Thomas: No. No change directionally, and I think you are seeing some of that in the first quarter where we are seeing cost savings offset a bit by some of the investments we’re making. So overall we may have some timing impact but no change to the guidance we gave at Toy Fair.
Deborah Thomas: Sure. No, what we -- we did say at Toy Fair and continue to state today that on given current interest rates we would expect to refinance all of that debt and we have $425 million due mid-May. So that's kind of the timing of it. And as we think about our debt targets they are pretty consistent with what we said before. First and foremost we want to maintain our solid investment grade rating. So as we look at our targets of debt to EBITDA I think we're about 2.0 something this quarter debt to EBITDA. But our target remains in that 2 to 2.5 range and EBITDA to interest, our target remains at 8 times, I think we were 6.5 or 7 for the quarter. But our intent is to refinance that debt.
Deborah Thomas: Sure, but let me take the gross margin question and then we will talk about – Brian can talk about the other question. But from a gross margin standpoint we are benefiting from mix and a lot of that’s really coming from the growth in our franchise brands. We talked about our franchise brands have grown 15% in the quarter and that mix is impacting us positively as well. We’re also benefiting from cost savings in the quarter in that gross margin line. So as we said at Toy Fair, we expect it to be able to [indiscernible] gross margins around levels consistent with full-year – a year ago, and that still remains our guidance for the full year.
Brian Goldner: Hi, Steph, if you look at the inventory increase year on year, you'll see that two-thirds of that inventory is in support of our international and emerging market business and about a third is focused around the U.S. business and the fact that we have so many significant entertainment launches and momentum in several of our franchise brands. And if you look at the full year, we’ve talked about the boys business, clearly we have some great start to the year in several of our boys brands, particularly the Marvel business. We have seen growth in Nerf in the first quarter but if you look at boys action properties even with movies that occur in the second quarter, the template for the year-long sales still remains more backend loaded, we’ve talked about that before and as is true with the rest of our business and certainly true around the world. And so I think you’d see gating that is similar to prior years as you look at the four quarters of revenues.
Brian Goldner: I think overall if you look at the boys first quarter, what you see is clearly Marvel has moved ahead and have a number of initiatives there, both some great innovations with Hero Mashers that really began the new year in a great way and the product line that’s all about customization for boys, Captain America in the quarter and then as you move into the second quarter, clearly you really get into Spiderman in earnest as well as Transformers, not Marvel but Transformers as we look at the major launches for the year. Clearly this is a great year for the Marvel business. There is a lot of new entertainment coming and Guardians of the Galaxy coming later in the year. And if you look at our first quarter, again you talked about some of the challenges up against boys comps a year ago. Our biggest challenge in the first quarter in boys comps is actually in Beyblade and that's there. This is probably one of the biggest quarters a year ago that we had for Beyblade. And that represents a challenge this year versus last year. But as we move forward, we’re not going to give you the specifics except to say we are absolutely excited about the plans for Marvel this year and going into the future.
Brian Goldner: In fact, Sean, it’s just timing. They go up and down through years, not really calendar oriented but really around the storyline that the teams work on and then put out to our players. And so yes there's larger and smaller releases planned throughout this year and that's been true throughout time.
Brian Goldner: If you look at games, remember games, particularly more traditional face-to-face gaming is a very responsive category to Easter. So the fact that Easter is three weeks later this year does have an impact on what we see in terms of games shipments and sell-through more than other categories. And if you look at Magic, the fact that it was a lighter release this quarter we saw, if you look at within the U.S. and Canada segment, that Canada was more challenging. We saw momentum in the U.S. business, Canada as we change over some retailers as well just the economic environment. And so I would say overall it was magic impact first and then the Canadian business second as impact.
Brian Goldner: We really saw that over the last few weeks leading up to this weekend, and we’re still digesting some of the data from the last day or two. But we’ve seen significant increases in U.S. POS that’s improved and we’ve finished the Easter season with a very good momentum to start Q2.
Brian Goldner: Furby is rolling out in the non-English-speaking markets Furby boom, the second-generation of Furby. Furby was down in the quarter, I mentioned back at Toy Fair that we thought Furby would be our most challenging comp for the year but in fact in the first quarter it was a Beyblade. So Furby has performed relatively well although down in the quarter. It continues to have very strong POS in a number of markets around the world and we are launching Furby boom in non-English-speaking markets this year.
Brian Goldner: In fact, POS in the girls business across-the-board is very strong. We're really seeing that both My Little Pony core as well as Equestria Girls as an additional line is very positive to the brand and additive overall. Nerf Rebelle has been a great launch for us. It continues to have great momentum and we are rolling that out around the world. We saw growth in a couple other of our brands within the girls business. And remember that Nerf Rebelle and Equestria Girls began shipping late in Q2 last year. So this is a quarter where we're clearly clear air versus year ago really adding to our position in the girls business. We’re also seeing our market share in girls, in particularly in dolls grow, grow in the U.S. around the world and we’re also seeing that growth in outdoor activities where Nerf Rebelle has scored on NPD data. So overall I would say that it is a good start to the year and we have lots of new initiatives coming for girls. In the fall we launched Littlest Pet Shop initiative, the TV show is now out around the world, in about 140 countries. And we are really looking forward to getting Littlest Pet Shop launch again.
Brian Goldner: Sure. It is, Australia is a market that had been more challenged from an economic situation. You look at consumer data and a number of other indications over the last year, and clearly it's been a market with more of a consumer malaise and we’re working through that. We don't view it as a permanent position but rather something that we’re addressing, a new leadership in there as of about 10 months ago and a team on the field that’s doing a great job in helping to turn that business around. And that really had the dominant impact on the Asia-Pac results. There is – there are some timing issues related to some shipments in China and other Asian countries in the first quarter. But we view those as very temporary.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, that POS in games in the first quarter was down, if you look as I said we got that three-week difference. We saw overall as a company in our games business the POS really accelerating later into right before this Easter and we’re still digesting this past weekend’s data. But the fact is we've seen some really good improvement in POS across the company. We do see in our franchise brands strong POS growth whether it's Nerf or in our girls business obviously Marvel is a contributor in POS as well as in shipments. And we have a number of big launches coming in our games business in the remainder the year, a number across the Monopoly brand, including My Monopoly this fall and the house rules Monopoly as you know. And then in girls a number of new gaming initiatives coming in particular the Disney Princess line within the girls games business. In boys one of the biggest contributors to the decline in the first quarter in games was in our boys and action battling as we’re shifting out of one form of action battling games and we’re launching this year something called Battle Masters which you may have seen at Toy Fair that features both Marvel as well as Transformers characters, and that’s coming. And then we have a number of things coming in our preschool areas of games as well, including a brand-new Mousetrap Play-Doh games and also a line up of Disney junior games and then in teens we’ve got that new Simon Swipe game. So we feel again as you look broadly for the year, we’ve got a lot of great new initiatives in games and our magic business and again I think that Easter did have an impact on the games business.
Brian Goldner: We don’t want to forecast specifically but I would tell you that we have a lot lined up in our games business. And we certainly feel as good about games this year as we did last year this time. And we – the teams have done a really good job of creating new innovations in our games business and that's true both in the core games business as well as in Magic: The Gathering and other games.
Brian Goldner: No, I think that, again the games business overall is certainly holiday oriented and that's true of both Easter as well as obviously Christmas. And we’ve got a number of new initiatives launching that are in support of a number of new games across categories.
Brian Goldner: Oh, what we – sorry, I didn’t understand. So we have releases that come throughout the year. So there's not just one more, there will be a couple more. And they just vary in size and they're all related to new storylines and the team swears me to secrecy as they take us through this because obviously each of the new releases is met with great excitement and buzz and there is a lot of buzz out there for some of the new releases that are coming among the fans. But there will be a number of new releases this year in Magic.
Brian Goldner: Transformers ships in this quarter in time for the movie. As you know typically we have product merchandise anywhere from 4 to 6 weeks before the movie launches around the world, and we work with our global retailers to ensure that both our toys and games product as well as great licensing initiatives are set for that time period as marketing builds and interest in the film builds.
Brian Goldner: Spiderman shipped a little bit more than Transformers. Transformers we only shipped very very little bit at the end of the quarter. So predominantly second quarter and then obviously we will follow the DNA of most boys properties where still the second quarter will not be probably as big as the third and fourth quarters for those properties. A bit more in Spiderman but still not the pre-movie set.
Brian Goldner: As we look around the world that industry growth as well as POS, and you look at Latin America where we have third-party data in Brazil and Mexico the industry is up and our POS is up very strongly. As you look around the rest of Latin America we have our own proprietary data and work with retailers to see where the market is, we believe the industry is up and our business is up with very strong POS and growth market for market. In Europe we’re seeing some POS growth but also a few declines in a couple of countries where again we’ve got differences in timing and also our new initiatives are garnering a very strong POS relative to the underlying business. So whether that’s My Little Pony or Equestria Girls or Rebelle or Marvel which has had a great start internationally. That's all being borne out.
Brian Goldner: Sure. If you go back and look at the first three films, the first film our sales were about – we released those numbers -- were about $492 million, the second film was $592 million, third film was something like $482 million. And then if you look at the growth, and just look at the growth in global box office which is benefiting all these entertainment initiatives, the first Transformers movie’s entire box office is not as big as our international box office for the third move. So we’re really seeing the growth around the world particularly in emerging markets. You’re seeing people building malls and multiplexes and consumers in these developing economies, emerging middle class is wanting to go out for the movies and it's great to see how global movie initiatives can take hold and help to support and drive the growth of those brands. We’ve certainly seen that, we have historically strong brand presence and legacy for Transformers around the world particularly in Asia. It's been on the air in markets around the world in 180 territories in our television over the last couple years. We, Hasbro, are running the biggest footprint, we've run in the history of the company and all the markets we now enjoy having our teams on the ground and are doing a great job. So again I think that as we look go forward part of the building of the brand blueprint was the idea of running a bigger global footprint with Hasbro’s own marketing and sales personnel and then executing that blueprint in immersive experiences either our own films or great partners’ films from Marvel and from over time Lucas film coming over the next couple of years.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I don't have that specific number in front of me but it's always been -- the first film obviously more North American focused and the third film more internationally focused, and you’ve seen a bit of a shift but it's not gotten to 70:30, it’s a bit over pronounced in terms of the international business relative to the domestic business just like the rest of our business.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, so overall POS was down in the first quarter in toys and games compared to a year ago. As i said you look at through this past weekend and we’re still digesting the last few days of data. We've made up a lot of that ground. So I would say Easter looks relatively good and we certainly have great momentum going into the second quarter. Clearly Latin America is particularly a strong region for us market to market where we have both third-party data as well as our own data. In Europe we've seen some good growth in the UK, POS down in a few other countries where we have data, we mentioned Australia and in France we talked about challenges in France, and down a bit in Germany. And then if you look at the franchise brands, we talked about franchise brands growth of 15% and we’ve also seen great growth in POS against those brands whether it's Nerf exclusive and then inclusive of Nerf Rebelle, My Little Pony and then the inclusion of Equestria Girls but core My Little Pony, the Marvel business all showing good growth and growth in POS.
Brian Goldner: Overall Wizards, and we’ve never really given you a number but overall WotC business was slightly down in the quarter but we talked about Duel Masters which is obviously a Wizards initiative, a Japanese trading card brand. So again it's in that area where we saw some of the changes going on in the Japanese trading card market. That’s where we are with that. And then on the Backflip, it's -- backflip contributed in revenues and EBITDA if you take out amortization but with amortization was bit dilutive.
Brian Goldner: We're not reporting it, we’re not breaking it out separately but clearly I will tell you like overall digital gaming business was up nicely in the quarter. So that includes Backflip as well as some other categories of digital gaming.
Brian Goldner: The Playskool numbers, if you look Playskool and look at the overall preschool business, the core preschool business, we have the January and February NPD data and clearly the industry category was down. What we’re really seeing is accounts is the character-led preschool initiatives are clearly working. We saw growth in our Marvel preschool business as well as Transformers preschool business and then our Play-Doh business is performing nicely globally and really growing as one of our newest franchise brands and taking hold. The core Playskool business was down in the category and that’s consistent with what we've seen in some of the industry trends. If you look at Furby, clearly Furby would -- the biggest impact would be in the third and fourth quarter of the year consistent with holiday sales.
Brian Goldner: Drew, if you look at the Nerf business, in the first quarter Nerf’s momentum was both in shipments as well as strong POS and that's within the boys arena. The addition of Nerf Rebelle was also significant over and above those increases and the POS there has been great in that part of our business, the new Nerf Rebelle brand is rolling out around the world and is merchandised primarily in the girls aisles of global retail. And we’re seeing great new innovations coming from Nerf throughout the year and feel very strongly that our Nerf business from an innovation and marketing standpoint is in a very good place.
Brian Goldner: Yeah, I think you will really see it diminished particularly as we get to the second half of the year -- as a significant comparison, Drew.
