Jerry Kircher: Thank you, Saeed, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Bob Stevens, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bruce Tanner, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Law. Actual results may differ. Please see today's press release and our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to vary materially from anticipated results. We have posted charts on our website today that we plan to address during the call to supplement our comments. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com, and click on the Investor Relations link to view and follow the charts. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Jerry Kircher: Saeed, this is Jerry. I know we're over -- as long as there's still some people in queue, I guess I'd ask you, how many are still in the queue? Because I would like to try and catch a few remaining ones.
Jerry Kircher: All right, we'll keep going. If people want to have the time, we've got the time here. So we'll go to the next question.
Bob Stevens: Jason, this is Bob Stevens. We envision that the strength of our portfolio in Aeronautics will have a good reception in the out years both domestically and internationally. You mentioned the F-35, and I think that we expect to see based upon our continued ability to execute good levels of demand domestically and internationally on the F-35. On the F-16 program, we've already, I think, commented with real transparency and clarity not only to you, but to our international customers that we're getting to the end of that F-16 line. We have worked to rephase the balance of our production deliveries on the F-16 that allows us to bridge program performance to the end of 2013. And we have, at the same time, advised that if we don't receive firm commitments for additional F-16s on or about the end of this year, then the line will certainly begin to shutdown, if not, have a significant gap. And I think that's caused a number of our global customers to evaluate their inventory needs. As we look at the F-16 specifically relative to future opportunities, both the Omanis and the Iraqis have expressed interest in purchasing additional F-16s. And we were advised as you were earlier this month that the United States government will likely make an up-down decision on whether or not our government will release new F-16s to Taiwan. So there are certainly elements of interest here being expressed in the prospect for future F-16s, and we'll keep you posted. We expect the C-130 program to do well domestically and internationally. It's a strong and proven performer, and I think the strength of that demonstrated performance matters a lot in an environment where uncertainty is increasing. And we were certain that we'll see growth on the C-5 program. So our initiative to engage in a reduction in force is part of a broader initiative to drive levels of affordability in this company. And it's not uniquely associated with our expectations in Aeronautics on international markets.
Bob Stevens: It's just a little, I think, early to make a forceful determination about that. I know that there are always ongoing evaluations in the Pentagon about the need, desire and practicability of service life extension programs on airframes and, really, other platforms. And I do believe that's occurring in an evaluation of the F-16. But I don't think any final decisions have been undertaken. And I think as we examine the environment in which activities are unfolding in the Pentagon, there is currently an ongoing roles and missions evaluation. There is an ongoing strategic assessment. As you know, there are ongoing budget deliberations, and I think the confluence of those examinations will likely need to mature a little bit before we'll all get greater clarity on what an F-16 service flight extension program may be looking at. You added, I think, a thought about the F-35 program. We're certainly applying all our energies to assure that we deliver the best F-35 possible in the most affordable way. The F-35s that are flying are performing well. The feedback that we're getting is very good. That, which we're discovering and learning in the test program, it changes or additional action is needed. We're taking the appropriate action. So generally, I think there's a positive view of the F-35 relative to its performance in the test program, and we're focusing with all our energy, along with our partners and suppliers, to make sure the costs can be contained, and that we'll have an affordable program here. And I think overall, the F-35 will prove to be a very good performing airplane.
Bob Stevens: Sure. Well, the way we're looking at LRIP 4 is head down focused on execution, building the momentum off Lots 2 and 3 and driving the costs and assuring the quality and cycling the production line, which I honestly believe, Doug, is everything everybody wants us to do. So it's a very head down, day-to-day focus on getting the supply chain to cycle in an appropriate way that feeds the production line and then driving efficiencies through that production line and assuring quality of the products that are done. I think as you know in the early production lots, there is a development program running in parallel. There are discoveries that are occurring in that development program that get fed into the line. So part of the challenge in the early lots is doing that, incorporating those changes with efficiency, and we're working hard to do that well. Lot 5 has not yet been negotiated. We submitted our proposal, which is a fixed-price incentive-type contract proposal basis in April. The government is undertaking a new should-cost approach. We haven't had any feedback from the should-cost evaluation. We think that's likely to be forthcoming perhaps next month. And with that, we believe we'll be able to engage in a very good dialogue as we attempt to negotiate a Lot 5 position that is both affordable and realistic and reasonable. But we don't want to leave it there. We intend to work with our customers to drive the incremental costs of Lots 6 and 7 and beyond out of this airplane and have confidence that over the long run, if we do our jobs effectively and well and if the preconditions that are necessary in the architecture of the program exist, that are amenable to high-quality and affordable produceability of the jets, we'll have a very competitive, very high performing airplane here in the F-35. Relative to the Senate Armed Services Committee language and commentary on the program, I'm quite confident the Senate and I'll extend this to the whole entirety of the U.S. Congress, they want to see affordable systems. They want to see cost control. And in a program like the F-35, they want to see and need to see that over time with the increase in production volume that the costs will come down such that we will have an affordable and competitive airplane. I will tell you that everyone we talk with in the Department of Defense wants exactly the same thing, and I hope and trust you know that we and our industry partners want the same thing. That's how you have a successful program that meets the expectations that we not only have for ourselves, but that our customers have for us because we take very seriously the responsibility we have here to provide the kind of capabilities that the U.S. military needs and our friends and allies demand in a world where there's increasing instability in the global security environment. So we're very focused in this regard, and we will continue to drive with all our energy to get a high-performing, low-cost, very affordable F-35.
Bob Stevens: I'll take the first part, Howard and I'll have Bruce cover the second part on the accounting treatment. When you think about the long-term right size for Lockheed Martin, that's going to be dependent and a function of a number of ongoing deliberations, not just domestically but around the globe. Domestically, we're going to have to work our way through the increase of the debt ceiling discussions and deliberations. But I look at that as really the first and honestly initial part of a discussion that must include longer-term planning for deficit reduction and the long-term liquidation of $14.3 trillion in national debt, followed by a third companion initiative that looks to establish a better foundation for economic growth and expansion in the United States. This is a big set of demands. So it's not clear to me what the content of that planning will be at this point. So as to preclude some more definitive judgment about exactly what size we should have and structure and content would be best aligned. But I can tell you, we surely see the vector. We know where the general direction is going, and we're not going to hesitate to move out crisply and effectively in reducing our cost structure while improving our spans of control and our ability to navigate in an environment where the velocity of events is greater and the volatility of those events is broadening, we know we have to be more responsive and more agile, and we're working to do that. So all the actions that we have outlined to take really constitute a portfolio of initiatives that are going to put us in the right place at the right time. The future conclusions that are reached in the planning process will tell us whether we need to accelerate in some areas or whether we're about where we need to be in some areas. But I hope you have a feel for the general direction and the commitment that we have to be in the right place at the right time to assure the overall and long-term vitality of this company. And I'll ask Bruce to comment on the accounting.
Bob Stevens: Yes, Myles, I'll start on the onboard oxygen generating system issue. Sometimes it's referred to as OBOGS because everything here has an acronym. The environment here is that some pilots, but not all pilots have experienced hypoxia-like symptoms. And it's sort of important to go through a little detail of that because hypoxia in the cockpit environment has a very specific definition. And what's being experienced is hypoxia-like but has not been established at this time as a failure of that onboard oxygen generating system. So at this juncture, there really hasn't been an obvious or apparent cause of what are intermittent symptoms that some pilots are experiencing. So the Air Force quite rightly has stood the airplanes down and commenced an incredibly thorough and detailed review to see if we can get to the root cause together of what this cause might be. As of our conversation today, we collectively have been unable to replicate the conditions. But again, I think the Air Force quite prudently has taken an F-22 and added some very sophisticated instrumentation and is flying that instrumented airplane to see if those conditions exist, and if the conditions can be observed, then if we can trace backwards together so as to the root cause. So the U.S. government has believed the cause is really unclear at this time. I should tell you this phenomenon has occurred on other jets from time to time. So I have every confidence the Air Force has all the expertise to create the conditions where this phenomenon can be appropriately examined. It's not a financial issue to us at all, and we are doing all we know how to do to support our customer. So that they can get to the bottom of what this condition is and how we can fix this condition and how they can fly these jets with confidence. And I think they and we have confidence that we will get to the bottom of it. It's just one of those frustrating circumstances now where we haven't been able to determine root cause as of this time. But we'll continue to work with the Air Force on that initiative.
Bob Stevens: Well, Heidi, the direct answer to that question is it all depends. And it will largely depend on what the total buy ultimately looks like. And in our view, how we accelerate through the production lots and how we might phase any changes in inventory, whether that's variant by variant, the F-35 C, which is the Navy variant or any of the other variants. It is simply, in our judgment, too early to determine what the budget deliberations will ultimately look like. I think we hold a pretty general model in our minds of knowing that the overall discretionary spending accounts, whether that's for defense or non-defense purposes, are going to come down as a part of a broad-based deficit and debt reduction program that includes actions on entitlement programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, the discretionary accounts and some discussions about revenue. And we're watching that unfold on a daily basis, and I won't comment on that. We also know that quite apart from the budget deliberations, there are strategic evaluations occurring about the quality and character of the global security environment. I think every observation that has been shared with us about that environment suggests that it is more complex. It is very demanding. It is highly volatile and uncertain. And as a result, we have to try to be as prepared as we possibly can be for lots of eventualities in the future. Some of the observations from those strategic assessments, and as I mentioned earlier, the yet-to-be-concluded roles and missions evaluation is that carriers are going to be an important element in the 21st century when you think about spheres of influence for our nation relative to assuring trade, access to routes, security issues in a shared and cooperative way. We have talked a lot about Afghanistan and Iraq, and they are important because we have forces deployed there. But we also think in terms of instability in the Korean Peninsula, lots of discussion about resource claims in the South China Sea, freedom of navigation there, Iran, the Middle East and other parts of the world that suggest to us that there will be a demand for a blue water navy, and there will be a demand for carriers. I cannot comment on exactly how many carriers, but I think the demands on the security side will be sustained. And it will be our collective jobs to determine at the intersection of the strategy and the budget availability what the right mix of force structure is. So, it's just very hard to handicap that. We know and believe and think history strongly supports that when you plan to build 200 Joint Strike Fighters a year and you facilitize to do that, if you build fewer than that, the cost of those jets will be more because we simply don't have degrees of freedom left in how we would amortize the cost that we have. We think that the tactical aircraft fleet needs to be recapitalized over the long term. We think that the proliferation of technologies around the globe strongly support the need for fifth generation capabilities that are already designed and embedded in the F-35 through a process that's now unfolded over 15 years of investment by this nation in this capability that the smartest and best things we can do with our industry team is put our head down and focus on execution and continue to drive this program forward in cooperation with our customers. And then we and they together will look at the changing strategic landscape and budget landscape and try to make the right decisions at the margin.
Bob Stevens: Yes, I'm going to try to be brief because we could talk for 2 hours, Heidi, without exaggeration, and I've been known to do that, but I promise I won't. The definition of global security is getting broader from our point of view. And you mentioned some immediate focus areas that tend to be in the military application of security interests, and we have really very high quality core program capabilities here in those areas. But we've had a lot of discussion recently about cybersecurity. We'll have growing discussion about energy security, and that is not a U.S. phenomenon. It's a global phenomenon. We will talk more about how governments can provide continuing effective services for citizens in a more efficient way because their stress on government is at every level of government, and that's not unique to the United States either. We think we can play a very strong role in information technology applications in a variety of domains, in the cybersecurity domain, in the energy security domain, as well as in the humanitarian relief aspects of our program portfolio, the Intelligence component and the military component. So my sense is that the demands around the globe are only growing. And when we do a region-by-region, country-by-country assessment, the volatility of events and the demands there are really considerably increasing. And those demands are actually exacerbated by the state of world economic conditions that, I think, generally if you took them in total are showing more signs of stress so that there'll be fewer economic resources available to meet the growing set of security demands. We want to play a role there. We think we've been effective at doing that historically. We intend to make the adaptations in our company that are necessary to assure that we can meet our customers at that intersection of fulfilling their security responsibilities in an affordable and effective way. And, Heidi, let me say this to be brief in my comments. We'll make sure as we move forward together we comment more clearly on our views of global security and the responses that we're taking to that changing global landscape.
Bob Stevens: Well, we like the cash deployment philosophy that we've had, Rob. Let me say it that way. We've had a commitment now for many years of assuring that we return at least 50% of our free cash flow to investors. And I think history is probably not only instructive but informative about how we look at the world and what we are likely to do going forward. We wanted to have what we regarded as a good and competitive dividend position. I like what we have done there. And I think in September, we'll give the value of dividends full consideration, and we'll make a decision there. And we've been opportunistic with our share repurchases. And I'm quite confident we'll continue that kind of approach to a share repurchase program. The good news, I think, is that and I'm very proud of our leadership team and the professionalism demonstrated throughout the company in focusing on cash generation. They have been able to do that very effectively and very well through now a variety of quite different market conditions. They've been focused on cash generation. So we're able to produce that level of operating cash and then equivalently, the leadership team here has been very prudent in how we invest in the business assuring we're investing in the right things at adequate levels of investment but not a $0.01 more. And as a result of that, we've been able to, I think, engage in the kind of value-generation activities that you and others might well regard. And dividends and share repurchases play a very big role in that. They have historically, and I think they will as we look forward together.
Bob Stevens: Yes, I appreciate the call and the comment and the straightforward nature of the recommendation. We like a balanced approach that gives us flexibility as we look forward. I can tell you that we don't have an algorithm that says 2:1 or any such thing. Your comments will certainly be taken under advisement. We really value assembling the points of view that get offered to us with opportunities like this on the call and in other discussions that we have. With respect to the share repurchase, we intend to be opportunistic. We do absolutely see dividends as an important and vital mechanism through which to directly convey value to shareholders. I don't know if I was sufficiently clear in my response to the prior question, but coming up here in the third quarter in September, we will make our determination about movement on the dividend. And we will certainly take your views and the views of others in full consideration when we make that determination. But the point that you're making is clear to us, and I appreciate you making it.
Bob Stevens: Yes, Peter, certainly. We absolutely invest ourselves fully on this strategic assessment. The portfolio we have today we've shaped with care. And so we have what we want and we are today where we want to be, and we are making appropriate but limited investments internally to strengthen that portfolio to make sure that it's rigorous and can meet these changing demands that we see from customers and assuring that we can be agile and responsive in those areas. On the acquisition front, which is one of the facets of cash deployment that we didn't talk about when we talked about dividends and the share repurchase contribution to value generation. On the acquisition front, we followed a string-of-pearls approach that has been effective for us and we like, and that is the mechanism, Peter, that we have used to as you, I think, very appropriately described it. In an accelerated way, build some critical mass in areas that are important to us. Some of the features in that environment, I think, will be obvious to you. There are some things we like that just aren't valued very well, and we are not going to be unmindful of the responsibility that we have to you to make acquisitions at a value level that allows us to return the value to you and not put all the value in the acquisition. And that is a tighter and narrower market. And I think sometimes we see, in our judgment, companies that we think should be at a certain value level a little overheated because of the commentary or the interest in the market, and we want to be judicious in how we do that. So we are examining actually quite a number of areas of interest in that regard. But we are not going to lower the screen for selectivity. And I think historically, there's probably been pressure on the members of our industry when we are at an inflection point and see pressures on the budgets for our core markets to maybe get a little more adventurous there. And we are mindful of the need to have real discipline and real rigor in our evaluations of these future prospects and to be selective, and we think that will pay off in the long run. So we're careful in assessing the portfolio that we have in house today. Those reviews are really ongoing. And I say ongoing without exaggeration because the pace of events around the globe has accelerated to the point where you really can't do like a strategic plan a year or the durability doesn't last a year. Conditions really do change, and we don't want to fall behind the value prospects associated with varying conditions. And we'll continue to survey the marketplace to see if there are acquisitions that would make sense but we'd be prudent in the way we go about it.
Bob Stevens: Yes, Eric. We are looking on the company-funded side of about $800 million a year or so. I think we're going to sustain that level of R&D. When I mentioned the word uncertainty in the environment and everybody's desire to see uncertainty reduced, I think we can parse out that uncertainty in a variety of domains. One of the levels of uncertainty is what will the industrial base be called upon to provide in a changing global security landscape? Probably 5 years ago, we weren't talking a lot about cybersecurity. I can assure you, we're talking a lot about it today. We don't think that there are going to be a significant number of let me describe it as large program new starts. So here again, we want to take real care in not simply labeling on resources to do exploratory research and development where there wouldn't be a highly valued application that the nation and our customers will need. So we're spending a fair amount of time trying to work with customers around the globe in gaining a good understanding of the challenges that they see through their eyes and where we can bridge our core competencies and capabilities today and where it would be smart to augment those capabilities through the application of research and development to get a broader portfolio of very highly-valued systems or products or services that they would find really good utility from. And, of course, the other challenge is we have to do that in an environment where we're also driving for efficiency, and we think that efficiency argument probably costs both ways. We have to get our cost structure down here. But if we can make investments through the research and development pipeline that afford greater levels of efficiency for our customers, then we're really helping them meet their mission demands in an effective way. One thought here is on the Joint Strike Fighter, and I know we almost always talk about the Joint Strike Fighter in terms of immediate program execution performance and so forth, and all of that is appropriate. But there are bigger opportunities on the Joint Strike Fighter beyond those discussions that include the application of research and development funds to improve the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capability of the airplane to essentially build upon the extraordinary computer capability, intelligence capability, sensor capability, communications capability that's already designed into this airplane in an embedded and seamless way. In this respect, the Joint Strike Fighter really is very, very different than any other airplane that anybody has built, including the airplanes that we have built. And that is by design and working with our customers. So we also think in terms of how do we take our existing product portfolio like the Joint Strike Fighter and extend it into areas where you can get real leverage for our customers if you can do multiple missions effectively and well at quality levels and at least comparable to other systems that exist today or better. And you can do that while flying other missions simultaneously, we've really leveraged the use of this incredibly high-performing asset. So some of our R&D is going into those avenues as well.
Bob Stevens: Well, Troy, I'll say it's from our point of view, this has always felt like a pretty competitive marketplace. And there may be at the margin companies who may not have the financial capacity that we have. They not have the durability or the capital structure that we have. They may not have the quality of the core portfolio that we have that may make some moves in that area. We're trying to make sure that we don't sit back and allow any thinking to seep into our judgment like incumbency is a particularly safe place and a comfortable place to be. I think that part of the world is changing, and that's why we're assuring that we focus on every program, every opportunity, every customer, every day because in this climate, very much embedded in your question, you can't become complacent. You have to take a look at that. So I don't think we've seen any dramatic expressions of that kind of behavior yet. We're looking forward as you are, and we're absolutely trying to make sure that we don't participate in that. We want to deliver real value in a real sense, and I think we will be able to do that. Saeed, first, let me thank you for your help on the call today. You've been patient. I know we've gone longer. From our point of view, there certainly is uncertainty in the environment that we face, but we're very focused in our company on growth, on execution and on returns to our customers and certainly to you. And we're very much looking forward to updating you at the end of the third quarter. Thanks for your patience with us today, and we'll sign off here, Saeed. Thank you.
Bruce Tanner: Joe, this is Bruce. I'll take that one on. You threw a lot of things out there, so let me try to address maybe several of them sequentially here. I think IS&GS of all 4 of our business areas is probably the one that is most sensitive to the CRs because it is sort of a hand-to-mouth kind of business relative to some of our other business areas in terms of orders converting to sales. So I think there was some of that in the early first quarter associated with the CR, IS&GS typically always has a large fourth quarter in terms of orders being awarded in that particular quarter as the first quarter obviously, of the government fiscal year. We expect to see that same trend happen this year. So you'll see a bit of a spike, at least we're expecting to see a bit of a spike in the fourth quarter for our orders. You talked about security, and there's several phenomenon going on kind of concurrently within IS&GS, and part of it is within our Intelligence business there. We went through several years of some fairly large a big-ticket implementations of IT systems, if you will, and we're now seeing a number of much smaller sort of modern sustainment activities as opposed to large developmental activities there. And frankly, a lot of the developmental activities that the agencies need to get done have been done to this point. So I think that's some of what's happening on in Intelligence. Elsewhere in just the government IT business in general, we continue to see downward pressure associated with the fiscal environment that the government is facing. And that is manifesting itself in terms of downward spend on the IT budgets of the federal agencies that we deal with. We've seen that fairly much across the board in terms of agencies that we've dealt with for a long time that are simply reducing the amount of IT budget for activities that we've been supporting for a number of years. So I think that's sort of some of the pressures we've talked about within IS&GS. That's why again, we took the sales down in the guidance that we did. Overall for the corporation, I don't think the outlook or the results that happened in the second quarter surprised me. I tried to keep it up in the first quarter that we would see a sequential reduction between first and second. And again, I expect to see a sequential reduction between second and third. Third is almost always historically our lowest level for orders in the corporation. And I still expect that at the end of the year, we'll get back somewhere close to where we start the year 2011 somewhere in the $78 billion range.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, Howard. If you just think of the charges that we took, there's a $97 million split between Aeronautics and Space Systems Company, GAAP really requires us because of the size of the charge to establish a provision for the severance charges themselves. And our reported GAAP earnings per share on the government accounting side, and I think your question was actually more related to the government accounting or the PCA's side. We do expect to recover most of these charges in our contracts going for it. If you just think of the nature of the contracts in each of those 2 business areas, Space Systems companies mostly cost plus environment and again, we would expect to recover it in that environment. On the Aeronautics business, it has a greater proportion of its overall sales that are fixed priced and fixed price incentive, that even in the Aeronautics side, we still expect to recover the vast majority of those charges in the -- going forward with our customer. I mean, simplistically, I'll just try to make this as simple as possible. If you think of the cost of the severance, the lower cost that will result from these head count reductions sort of offsets the severance charges at about 6 months' time frame. So it doesn't take long for sort of that cost to get mitigated and such that it doesn't have an impact on the contracts going forward. Hopefully, that makes sense to you, Howard.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. Let me try to address those, George. You're correct on the F-35. We did nothing on either the development program or the production program in the quarter. So you're insight is six-spot on there. The one thing that I'll point out that maybe was embedded in your question is that in the second quarter, we had a pretty good adjustment positively on the C-130 program that really reflects that we delivered the last multiyear aircraft on our C-130 multiyear program in the second quarter. So if you think of all the risk retirements that we sort of plan out towards the end of the program, that is now sort of consummated itself at the end of the quarter. So we took quite a larger pickup in the second quarter simply because of that event. That likely will not be repeated going forward on the C-130 for the rest of this year. The roughly $600 million that you're talking about, it's actually less than that because there were some events in the late 2010 time frame that reduced that value some $35 million or so. So think of it as around the $575 million, $580 million number. The most near-term events that we're watching there, and that's really all we can talk about because we really haven't scheduled out anything beyond 2011 quite frankly. But there are 5 near-term events that sort of all happened in the fourth quarter of this year worth collectively a little over $50 million or kind of equally split. Think of that $50 million being equally split over those 5 items, and we're watching those closely. We think we are performing well on the vast majority of them. A couple of them are kind of close. We're working to sort of address those in an efficient manner as we could possibly do. So I don't think we'll have much more to report to you even in the third quarter call, George, but definitely, the fourth quarter call, we'll have a good idea. Actually, we should have a great idea because I should be completed by that point in time, and I can tell you then what actually happened.
Bruce Tanner: Myles, this is Bruce. You asked about the F-16 quantities as we look out to 2012 time frame. We are still thinking in numbers of about 40 aircraft or so for 2012. One of the reasons for that, frankly, is because a good portion of those aircraft are actually Turkish aircraft that are being delivered off of an assembly line in Turkey as opposed to the assembly line at Fort Worth. So those aircraft are going to happen in accordance with the Turkish needs unfettered. The other thing that may be behind your question though is and Bob kind of said in his remarks, but I'll just echo a little bit there. We have adjusted some of our future deliveries in the 2013 time frame. I think in some earlier discussions that I've had with several of you, we were looking at sort of a mid-year or actually maybe even closer to the early part of the year end of the F-16 line, we have renegotiated with a couple of our international customers to extend that now to the end of the 2013 time frame. But specifically answering your question, next year's deliveries we still expect to be around the 40 number.
Bruce Tanner: Joe, I'll try to take both of those. On the Electronic Systems' revenue guidance. The bigger driver there as opposed to PTDS is more Missiles & Fire Control volume up, but also just the entirety of MS2. The PTDS order that Bob talked about, the additional 29 units will have some sales in 2011, but it's not what's driving the increase actually. Most of those sales because of the time it takes to develop those systems will actually occur in 2012. So the bigger driver again is primarily Missiles & Fire Control and MS2. On the corporate voluntary reduction as we sit here today, Joe, I don't think that the numbers we're expecting to see from the number of people who will take the voluntary lay off are going to amount to a large enough number that'll move the needle very much at all this year, at least that's our expectations as we sit here today.
Bruce Tanner: I'll try that one also. I'll just maybe just go around the horn for all 4 business areas and talk in margins there. I think if we start, maybe, with Electronic Systems to begin with, I think margins in Electronic Systems are probably going to follow a somewhat similar pattern to what we saw in 2010, which also experienced a higher first half of the year than the second half. Currently, I'm looking -- I still think we're going to be in the 12% range next year, and my guess would be going forward that, that's a good assumption for 2012 as well. IS&GS margins in the first half, actually, we think are probably a little lower than what we're going to see in the second half of the year. We think as we sit here today that the margins for IS&GS are probably going to end up being slightly above 9%. And same comment for IS&GS as I just made for Electronic Systems. I think IS&GS is kind of a 9%, low 9% business in 2012 as well. Aeronautics business area, we would expect the margins to be a little lower in the second half of the year. Again, I've tried to tee up with George's question the notion that we did have a fairly good-sized pickup on the C-130 program as a result of delivering the final multi-year aircraft in the second quarter. That won't be replicated in the second half, so I would expect those margins to be slightly lower. And I would expect the Aeronautics differing than the Electronic Systems or IS&GS to be lower in 2012 than it is in 2011 primarily as I've tried to tip numerous times because of the continued growth of the F-35 program offset by, in particular, lower sales on the F-22 program in 2012. And then finally, in Space. Space had a very high quarter, 13% quarter. That's not the run rate that we will see in Space. That was mostly due to the timing, phasing some of our equity earnings primarily in our United Launch Alliance having to do with the phasing of some of the launched vehicles themselves. That's not a change in our outlook for the year for Space, but it did happen earlier than we were expecting it to, and that's what caused the spike in the second quarter. Because of that spike, I would expect the second half to be lower than that. And as far as the run rate for Space, I think it might be slightly lower than this year, but still in the 11%, 11-plus percent level is what I would expect to see in 2012.
Bruce Tanner: I'll also take that one on also. Where to begin? I think on U.S. where we stand from a sort of performance today, I'd want to say we're tracking pretty closely to the overall equity return of the global equity market. So think of that as I want to say somewhere in the 4-ish, 4.5 percentage range, something like that. Not at the 8.5% that we have for the year, but we're not through with the year yet either. Discount rate-wise, if we were to pick it today, actually I think the data I just looked at that not too long ago, but I think today would actually indicate it's fairly close to where we close the end of the year in 2010. So I wouldn't expect to see much movement if we were to draw a line in the sand today as to what we would select for that discount rate. And then I'd say the other -- yes, just the outlook going forward. I think CAS expenditures I think we've described that as $1.3 billion this year. We have an expectation that the CAS number in terms of what needs to be contributed relative to CAS will increase next year. You asked about CAS Harmonization. I'm not sure where that's going to end up quite honestly at the end of this year. It is still our expectation and our numbers are kind of based on that becoming effective in 2012. I think rough order of magnitude if CAS Harmonization were not to occur in 2012, you should think of that as lowering our CAS cost estimates by about $150 million or so. So the FAS/CAS swing will get worse by that $150 million, if you will. And then maybe the final point, Cai, I'm not sure if this was in your question or not, but we sort of measure our CAS performance on sort of end of May to end of May time frame as we sit here today because that period of time, obviously, has closed out. We actually finish that period of time for CAS measurement and greater than 8.5% return versus our 8.5% assumption on the asset side. So that element's locked down. We're still looking at sort of some of the actuarial data for the population along with the CAS Harmonization we'll give you a better of indication of where we sit there likely in the third quarter.
Bruce Tanner: On the first one, I think the short answer is on the F-35 LRIP 1 through 3 growth numbers that were reported, this is not new news. These numbers have been tossed around for quite some time. They were currently considered in numerous CAPE analyses, had to be considered in a number of sort of certification, the technology baseline reviews. So our booking rates have considered that for some time, and we would not expect to see a change because of -- it is depressed, but that's not a change to our expectations from where they've been for a while. The second question was relative to our planned share repurchase activity for the second half of the year. Essentially, David, what we have assumed is that we're going to maintain the current share count, which essentially says we will offset any sort of share accrete from option exercises or shares put in our retirement plans and the like. So now that's what the guidance is based on. We'll obviously, as Bob said, be opportunistic in the second half as we always are that says typically what we assume we started the year with $1 billion share repurchase embedded in the numbers. We felt confident we were going to get there. The current number assumes nothing beyond the 1.3, I guess it's the simple way to say it. And then as far as the effective tax rate for the year with all the improvements we've seen to date, the effective tax rate should be in the -- I'm guessing about the 27% range for the year in total.
