Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, Jason, I'll take that one on. Obviously, we're still sorting through what the Secretary is saying. But I think in any event, I don't think there is a change to the 2012 guidance. Essentially, anything that would happen at least that I'm aware of in the conversations that he had today would affect 2013 and beyond, but we've still got some sorting out to do to see exactly what that impact would be. Bob, offer any other comments as you might want...
Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, Rich, I'll take that one also. Hey, I was looking at this actually recently, we kind of did a review of the plan for 2012 and the outyear look as well. The thing that struck me as I was looking at that is there's not just a large number of I'll say high dollar awards in the first quarter or practically for that matter, in the first half of 2012. So what I think we're going to see, at least in the first half of the year, is some reduction in that backlog. So our book to bill will be lower than 1.0. I'm trying to think off the top of my head some of the larger orders we have in the first quarter, but things like the fiscal year '12 F-22 sustainment contract as one example. The authorization under a UCA in all likelihood of the F-35, LRIP 6 contract, and some international sales within Aero, perhaps for some C-130s might be highest dollar items in the first half of the year. I think we will likely have greater than 1 point. At least as we sit here today we'll likely have greater than 1.0 book to bill in the second half of the year. In the third quarter, a little bit different maybe than years past, which has always historically been our lowest quarter of the year from an orders perspective, and we've always dropped backlog more in the third quarter than any other quarter. I think that might change somewhat at least as we see here today that the third quarter will actually see some backlog growth. And I'm hoping, Rich, that by the end of the year, I think we might see some slight reduction. But I'd like to think we can be around the $80 billion mark for the year. And I don't think that's -- I guess that's a stretch goal I'd like to have for ourselves to kind of keep the backlog starting in the 80s. That's not a slam dunk by any stretch, but that's, again as we sit here today, that's the way I think about it, Rich.
Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, Cai, it's Bruce. I'll take that one on. Look, without commenting on your math, your math is usually pretty accurate. But without commenting on it, the way I'd look at 2012, let's start with the revenue on the F-35 program. I think the F-35 LRIP contracts are growing somewhere in the 9-ish to 10% range year-over-year. So we're still seeing some good growth there. That's being offset because the development contract, the SDD contract, is going down compared to 2011 as you might expect. I think net-net, the F-35 is up some mid-single digits growth year-over-year. As to your question on margins, I would expect us to see some margin improvement on the F-35 in 2012, primarily because if you just sit back and think about what we're going to accomplish in the year, we're going to deliver a lot more aircraft this year. We're going to deliver, and I'm quoting this from memory here. We're going to deliver all the LRIP 2 aircraft, all the LRIP 3 aircraft and a good portion of the LRIP 4 aircraft all in 2012. And so as you might expect, we have a historical practice of not booking from a booking rate perspective at the at-completion position or as we expect the programs to run at their end or at their completion until we've retired the risk on those contracts. And so as you might expect, we've got some risk retirement that we're expecting to become finalized with the final delivery of those aircraft. And again, because a good chunk of those 3 LRIPs are all finishing in 2012, we would expect to see some margin improvement compared to 2011 for the F-35.
Bruce L. Tanner: Peter, this is Bruce. I don't think I said in my remarks, but I'll say it here because it relates to your question, obviously. The guidance that we provided for 2012 assumes that we're going to have at least $1 billion of share repurchases contained within the earnings per share number that we gave you. And I think that's the at least some indication that we're going to continue the practices that we've done and demonstrated in the last few years.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Thanks Carter. So let's say, I'll start with the sort of the F-22 question, would you see the same thing that we described. I think that was your question as we saw or as I commented on the F-35. I think there's 8 aircraft left to deliver on the F-22 production program. All of them have literally left the factory, and they're sitting in what we call our flight line operations going through, as you might expect, flight testing both with our pilots and with the government pilots. So there's not a lot of -- frankly, there's not a lot of cost left to do on those aircraft. Again, they are all built, at this point in time, they were finished last year. So most of the risk retirement that you would associate with the end of the program occurred in the 2011 time frame, not the 2012 time frame. So while there might be some opportunities for improvement, I wouldn't expect it to be as substantial, for instance, as we saw in 2011. Longer-term pension funding, again, we accelerated $1 billion of the required payments from 2012 into 2011. As we look for and I think you're probably aware of the CAS Harmonization rules were recently passed or implemented. I think they're actually effective not until next month, but I think the notification came out at the end of December of last year. We should see cash recovery rise in the next few years, but the actual payments from the ERISA perspective looking into from 2012 into 2013, I think we're paying now about $1.1 billion in 2012. That number grows to about $2.1 billion in 2013. The flip side of that is the CAS recoveries about $1.1 billion. So think of that as being sort of a breakeven position. CAS risk -- excuse me, risk of payments out and CAS recoveries in for 2012. The CAS recovery in '13 is more like $1.4 billion. So we're getting some of the benefit of the CAS Harmonization, but not much. ERISA payments are probably at similar level in the year after and the CAS recovery grows some beyond that. So slow recovery I'll say it back to -- sort of getting back to a breakeven position, primarily because the CAS Harmonization got pushed out further than we had expected when we started first talking about CAS Harmonization. That's still expecting in the not-too-distant future for that to get close to breakeven, then start to flip the other way around where we're getting more collections than payouts.
Bruce L. Tanner: Okay, let me start, George, with the first question, the F-16 step-ups and the C-130 what drove them and what's out there for next year and what should you be looking for. The F-16 we've -- I'll say a lot of that was sort of ordinary run-of-the-mill program execution, clicking off performance milestones and retiring risk accordingly. There was on one of our international contracts, a particular item that we were tracking towards that we actually reached closure on in the fourth quarter that we felt justified a step up. So that particular item, which was -- I'm trying to think off the top of my head, George, that was a pretty good chunk, probably 1/2 or so of the F-16 pick-up, that will likely not repeat next year on the F-16 program. The C-130 program is again just sort of the clicking off the normal manufacturing activities. The only thing that was a little bit unusual on the C-130 is we had a really, really good performance on the sustainment contracts on the C-130 activities in the quarter. And I'd like to think that we have the opportunity to do that in 2012 as well. We're -- I think we've really hit a stride where customers are seeing great value in the sustainment support that we are providing those, particularly obviously, the international customers is where that -- most of that happens. And I'd like to think that, that was -- be something that you'll continue to see in 2012 as well. As far as the F-35 profit margins are concerned, I mean, there was no -- and I'm doing this again from the top of my head, that there was no profit adjustments upwardly or downwardly in the quarter. So any margin change that happened was purely volume related. We are starting to get some heavier activity in the LRIP 4 contract as you described in your question. And that's again because as I said earlier LRIP 2, 3 and part of 4 will start delivering this year. So that volume is starting to come in, and some of that margin improvement that we're looking for in 2012 will be on contracts such as LRIP 4 as we start to see production aircraft roll-off the line as we anticipate. That will be the triggering mechanism, if you will, for the risk retirements that we plan.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, hey Myles, let me -- just to clarify what I think I heard. I think you said $2.8 billion in operating cash in 2012, it's $3.8 billion for the year. And if your questions, again, when there was -- again there were a lot of receipts that got pulled into 2011 from 2012, including some fairly good-sized international receipts. And that's one of the things that enabled us to do the $1 billion acceleration of the pension plan. So we're actually ahead of the game. In fact, for the first time in the corporation's history, at least as I look back in the records, we actually have negative working capital at the working -- at the corporation level. So that's hard to replicate, and one of the reasons that you'll see are -- that your calculation from balance sheet perspective, that's the heart of your question. It's because you're seeing some of the work-off, if you will, that negative working capital coming back next year. I'd like to think even having said that, there are still opportunities. I can tell you, if you talk to any of my folks in the finance organization working in the 4 business areas, they will tell you that I am pushing hard to do better on cash flow than what we've committed to here. And I think there are opportunities to do that, but we're just not there at this point in time to change the guidance accordingly. We'll, obviously, give you updates throughout the year as we progress, and we'll come back to you and tell you how we're doing on that challenge.
Bruce L. Tanner: I'll answer the easy one first, David. Tax rate for 2012 is -- right now, we're looking at about 30%. That excludes, obviously, the effects of the R&D tax credit. But for planning purposes, think about 30%. Relative to your question on the split of the LRIPs, I'll remind you this is a contract that we’re -- the LRIP contracts themselves are contracts that were booking on a percentage-of-completion basis. So there's very little cost, I'll say, for the LRIP 2 aircraft relative to -- it is not proportional to taking simply LRIP 2 aircraft divide it by the total, because those -- the cost to build those aircraft similar to what I was describing on the F-22 program are kind of behind us. They're out of the factory. They're going through flight testing and the like, and so it's difficult to parse that out. Off the top of my head, I'll say for the total LRIP activity, that's heavily, heavily dominated by LRIP 3 and LRIP 4 activity, which you would probably expect in 2011, and that will shift over in 2012 to the LRIP 4 and LRIP 5 and a similar pattern all the way through future years.
Robert J. Stevens: Jason, just another thought. I think the Secretary gave some executive summary views, and so we and others could get a sense of the shape and overall feel. But I think our experience has been entirely valuable to get into the details, the time phasing and other facets of the budget proper, and I don't think that's going to be available to us until February 13. So I think we'll give you -- we'll be able to give you much better insight as to our overall reaction to what is just really breaking news today when we next speak with you. But as Bruce said, it doesn't feel likely that we're overly sensitive in fiscal -- in our current fiscal year.
Robert J. Stevens: Sure. I'll do my best, and you'll let us know if it's thorough enough, Doug. So when we last spoke, we had a very unique issue on LRIP 5, and it had to do with risks associated with concurrency costs. And the in -- at the time of our discussion, the formulation that we were reviewing from the government had a substantial risk transfer to industry, our company and our partners and our suppliers. Through negotiation and discussion that unfolded subsequent to the call, we negotiated the parameters associated with concurrency, and I would tell you, put it into a formulation that both we and the government felt was appropriate with regard to risk and execution, where we are accountable and they are accountable, and that's what partners do. So I think that matter is resolved. We are in the process of negotiating Lot 5 now. I don't have a time horizon where I can give you some assurance that negotiation will be complete, but we are leaning forward in an attempt to negotiate the final terms, conditions, pricing and provisions of Lot 5. Relative to some of the technical issues that you described, Doug, and I think a number of those over time were associated with the STOVL variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, I tell you we're making progress along each of the items that are identified. I think that progress was reflected in the 2011 performance of the program overall, certainly, the flight test program that ran a little bit ahead of schedule. I think most people would have noted that the STOVL variant was removed from probation after personal involvement by Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta. The Secretary visited the Pax River Naval Air Station. He spoke directly with the pilots and the maintainers and others familiar with the airplane. These are folks in the government, as well as folks in industry. I believe he went through a careful and detailed review, item by item and issue by issue. I must tell you I admire very much the personal level of due diligence from a person as busy as Secretary Panetta to get personally involved to understand the details. With that understanding, he removed the jet from probation. We know there are challenges. This is a development program. I've spoken to you as honestly and straightforwardly as I possibly can about our assessment of the development program. And I would tell you, this feels ordinary and traditional for complex airplanes of this type. It doesn't mean we're pleased when we have to modify an arresting hook or adapt a helmet-mounted display or work some thermal issues in the propulsion system. But these are observations that are the types that are relatively familiar with complex aeronautical systems like this. We've aligned our resources well. We've got great cooperation from the Naval Air Systems Command, from the Joint Program Office, from others in the government. Everyone is leaning forward. So when I tell you we had a better year on the Joint Strike Fighter, I don't mean we, Lockheed Martin. I mean, we, our partners, our suppliers, as well as all those in the government who support this effort, who understand the need. But what you will consistently hear is the underscoring of the criticality of having fifth-generation capabilities in this complex security environment. You heard that from Secretary Panetta today. You heard that from the President of the United States and Secretary Panetta when the new strategy was rolled out. We take that responsibility seriously. We have international partners who expect us to deliver on this program, and we will. We have an increasing number of foreign military sales participants, most recently, Japan, who can look at any airplane around the globe and pick the best airplane in which they have the most confidence that will meet their security demands. They selected the F-35. That's a huge honor and responsibility for the F-35 team. And finally, Larry Lawson's leadership on this program has simply been exceptional, and he is a very seasoned and skilled executive. He's built a lot of sophisticated airplanes, including the F-22. The team that he assembled -- has assembled is first-rate and we're ready for the challenges that we face. So I will tell you the momentum is in the program. Yes, there will be some quantity reductions. We've talked to you before about the new reality. This is part of the new reality where there are complex global security challenges and scarce resources available to governments to meet those security challenges. We'll make the adaptations. We'll incorporate the new quantities once we understand their time phasing. We will drive hard to have a successful, effective, affordable program.
Robert J. Stevens: Yes, thanks, Heidi. On both of these fronts, the answer has gone a little -- it would be a little bit, we're going to have to wait and see. For example, rate on the F-35 is going to be function of we think of new quantity adjustments that will phase out. I'll give you our best understanding today. Phase out of the nearer-term lots, some of the build cycle probably more or less leveling the quantities at around 30. Again, we'll look for the detail, and then accelerating out of there. I think in conjunction with that, Heidi, our understanding today is that the total quantity to be procured domestically remains at 2,443. So we're looking at a phasing, the phasing will have dual advantages of lowering the budget demands, aligning to fiscal pressures, as well as creating some time for the maturation of the airplane that might minimize some of the revisions to the configuration. Both of those things we think makes sense. I think the other aspect of rate or volume at least in the near term, we will, in the very short term, get some clarity and insight as to the U.S. government's buy plan. And we'd like to anchor that as a foundation. And then revisit with each of our international partners and each of our potential foreign military sales customers not just those who are already on board the program like Israel or Japan, but maybe future purchasers like South Korea where there is a tender and others, and begin to then build this revised acceleration plan that will lead to rate so that we can do that in the most efficient and effective way possible. So I think that's about the best summary of F-35 volume over time to rate that we have today. And we'll get you some more details when they're available to us. We continue to make investments internally in the areas that we think will be most relevant to the forces described in the strategy that was released. And I'll say it to you again, I think that our portfolio as defined in products and services, but also our portfolio of research and investigative initiatives aligns pretty well with the strategy that was described to the extent that we have those broad contours. For example, a number of years ago, we established, through this research and development facility, a cyber laboratory so that we could begin to much more thoroughly exercise the resilience in systems and the resilience in networks. So I think some of our actions there have aligned very well. I think the future of the overall portfolio and I very much resonate to the spirit of your question in an era of more fiscal austerity. How will the apportionment of the top line budget reduction flow between and among expense accounts like operations and maintenance and personnel and the investment accounts of procurement and research and development? And how will resources available for research be thrifted? So that's sort of an open watch item for us because we don't want to see an attrition in our engineering facility. We don't want to lose some of the innovative expertise that is fueled by access to this type of funding. And here again, I think the best we can do is look for the details over time, but we're not in possession of today and maybe, be sure to follow on with you in that regard.
Robert J. Stevens: Well, with -- in today's environment, we're looking at cash deployment pretty much the same the way we have been, and we're not communicating with you any change in strategy or philosophy because I think you know that the first thing we do is start by getting the cash. And I don't say that lightly, but we have a very rigorous focused and disciplined process here that is institutionalized around the company that cash management matters a great deal relative to our ability to both make appropriate internal investments and then return appropriate value to shareholders. So we're rigorously focused on that, and we like the balanced cash deployment approach we have that you highlighted, a component for share repurchases and a component for dividends. We spent a lot of time talking with the investors in the company to make sure that we understand your sense about how we ought to be thinking about cash deployment, but I don't think you should expect a change in our approach.
Robert J. Stevens: Sure, I'll be happy to, Joe. I think that we are -- you mentioned timing here. I think that's maybe a little bit of timing. We've had a-string-of-pearls approach. We like that approach. We look for companies that give us access to markets, unique technology, they provide a good fit, they have some ease of integration and they meet our overall test for valuations. I think the acquisitions you're referring to were Sim-Industries and QTC. They are part of an adjacent market strategy that we've had in place for a number of years now. We are certainly interested in moving this business forward in the technology areas that we think customers will increasingly value and in areas where we can back up some synergies. If you think of Sim-Industries in the market for simulators, we've been in the simulator business for a long time. This extends our portfolio. We're not unwilling to take that portfolio beyond our traditional customer sets to bring in some of those business practices into our core business. We think there is real synergy there. We'll continue to explore for businesses that fit our portfolio, fit our business model and that will now align with the contours of this new National Security Strategy and the portfolio we've put in place. So to the extent that there would be a business that would provide for us international opportunities, we will certainly look at that. With regard to the cyber domain, I think there'll be a continuing and even growing demand for capabilities in that regard. Our Systems Integration businesses is always one that we'd like to reinforce and support. And certainly the emerging field of energy and here, we're going to be selective because one size isn't going to fit all. But we do have some interest in the energy domain as well as others. I think there'll be some opportunities unfolding as we see the details in the budget domestically and maybe get a better feel for how our global customers respond, perhaps, in logistics and sustainability and support. If long-term budgets are going to be under pressure, yet operational tempos are going to remain high. If we're going to have deployments to Asia-Pacific, in the Middle East, if we're going to find innovative ways to move forces around, we think there'll be roles in our logistics business, in our support and our supply businesses there. So if there were acquisition opportunities there, we would look. We've been prudent, I think, as good stewards of the hard-earned cash position that we have. We want to maintain good credit quality. We have firepower, that financial flexibility, I think, is a discriminator of our company along with our portfolio and our selectivity about what we buy and what we do with it. In the case of the divestitures, if there are changes in the market, changes in the customers' behavior, we are not going to keep businesses that don't align with the overall strategic arc and trajectory of this businesses, and we'll be decisive. So I think on the acquisition side we want to be selective so that we're not talking to you in the future about a lot of divestitures. But in a case where circumstances change, we're going to face the reality, deal with those changes and move the business forward. In doing so, we'll try to generate as much value as we can and share that value with investors to the best of our ability.
Robert J. Stevens: Yes, thanks, Howard. I'll tell you that relative to the THAAD in the UAE program, you know that Chris Kubasik hadn't been on the calls because he went out and got a real job as our Chief Operating Officer. And he'd been doing an excellent job in focusing on the execution of programs like THAAD, as well as assuring that we're listening carefully to the needs of customers. When we look at the Middle East and you start with an assessment of the security climate there, I think many people look at the Iranians with respect to their actions and their intentions even in the most recent discussions about prospect of closing the Straits of Hormuz, and it creates a very high level of tension. And people recognize that they have invested in the kind of technologies that include ballistic missile threats, and therefore, many in the region who have population centers, who have oil production centers, who have strategic areas of interest view missile defense as a very critical system. So that as we look at the National Security Strategy that was outlined by the President -- the Secretary when they talked about increasing security cooperation partnerships movement as you highlighted by United Arab Emirates here with THAAD, I think if you look across the -- generally, the Gulf Coordinating Council regions, you would see I think a similar level of threat and risk and a similar desire on the part of our administration to lean forward. Now you know we follow a very discreet process here that starts with government-to-government discussions. First, and nothing that we would say or do would subvert that process. But in the longer term, I suspect there'll be heightened and continued interest. I think that those interests will be viewed favorably by our government, and I think we'll have a maturing portfolio in the Middle East with regard to missile defense. I think there'll be a similar version of that experience throughout the Asia-Pacific theater, because we're watching the same or similar type of overall security risk, the proliferation of technologies, the desire to get missiles of greater performance, longer range, more precision, and the desire for governments to have some protection against that ballistic missile threat. So I think this segment of our portfolio is one that will likely grow internationally. Our focus is on making sure that we're executing the requirements under the contract that the technology stays robust. And there was a question earlier about research and development or how are you investing, well, we want to make sure that we have resources available to think in terms of next-generation technology and how can we adapt, how can we provide adjuncts to this system. Maybe it's greater range, maybe it's greater payload. But to continue to evolve these systems, and we think that's a very smart way to address the demands in the global security environment. Of course, you need a mature portfolio to start with before you can evolve that portfolio as the dynamics in the global security environment unfold themselves and we can address them. And I'm very pleased that we have the kind of portfolio you mentioned that we have it in Aegis, we have it in PAC-3. In our missile defense portfolio that forms a really good basis where some incremental investment could not only satisfy customer needs today, but satisfy them tomorrow and can enable us to adapt the system for regional demands around the globe.
Robert J. Stevens: Jovan, let me say thank you for your help today. We're going to take our increasingly mature portfolio of relevant global systems, focus on the needs of our customers in addressing global challenges, and we look forward to updating you with our progress next quarter. Thank you, all, very much for tuning in on the call today. Again, Jovan, thank you.
