Bruce Tanner: Yeah, thanks Carter. So I’ll start up by saying, actually we’re slightly ahead of where we probably would be at this point of second quarter. I tried to key that up. I think either the first quarter or the top end of the year last year. But we’re actually tracking that of expected or slightly ahead of plan. There’s up several items and I ask, probably just kind of run down the list by business area, just give you an idea of what we’re expecting to happen over the next few quarters. So the second biggest item obviously is the closure of the last six and seven negations for F-35 and when that happens Carter, I mean think of the increase in orders as being somewhere in the $4.5 to $5 billion amount for just that one closure of contract negotiations if you will. And we’re expecting that to happen in the third quarter. Aren’t we making good progress that, Marillyn can fill-in some of the details for you if you’d like at a later point in the call? We also have a number of competitive orders. We’re watching an MST in the third quarter including Space Fence and the Air and Missile Defense Radar Program AMDR. We also have an Aegis order for the basic Aegis program, collectively those are about a billion dollars again that we’re expecting in the third quarter. Missiles and Fire Control has both domestic and an FMS order for the THAAD program that’s expected in the third quarter, so I think of this as the annual buy from the army on the domestic side and one of our international customers tagging on for that order. And that’s -- I think I said worth about a $1.5 billion in the third quarter. IS&GS is usual, is nothing -- no one program individually significant, but the third quarter is expected to be higher than either the second or the first. And then, Carter, as we look forward I would expect that the fourth quarter as usual will be our highest quarter of the year.  Now just to sort of summarize all that, I think the third quarter -- you should think of us probably being back at a level maybe slightly higher than where we are or where we were in the first quarter and if all comes as I just laid out including some of those competitions, we should end the year pretty close back about at the $80 billion like I’ve been talking about the past two quarters.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. Rob, I’d like to just add a little bit to what Marillyn said. I think the negotiations on six and seven were clearly targeted to sort of keep the quantities sort of pre-sequestration. So think of the negotiations that we hope to close fairly quickly here as being the same quantities we have embedded within the fiscal year themselves not adjusted for sequestration. And I think Secretary Kendall has been pretty vocal in the press about trying to keep quantities and trying to prevent sort of the reopening of contracts. And so we’re optimistic if that kind of plays out well for that negotiation that were not impacted to the level that you talked about. As Marillyn said, we’re watching the FY14 budget closely but at least, as we’ve sort of done comparisons in particular the President’s budget, there seems to be more reductions to non-aircrafts elements of the program than aircraft programs, which we think from a sort of a billed rate in bringing the overall cost profile of the program down is the right move from obviously our perspective.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. I think you said it just right, Rob. In fact, I’ve said in a media that this morning and I think I’ve said in my prepared remarks that we’ve seen less impact from sequestration sort of red large than we expected to through this part of the year. I’ll say frankly from our perspective, I can’t speak obviously for all of the industry, but I think the Pentagon Secretary, all the way, up and down to Pentagon has been very prudent in the way that they’ve managed the sequestration impacts and I think they’ve done a very nice job doing that from an industry’s perspective.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. Probably neither actually, Jason, it is more of our long standing goal is to give 50% of more free cash flow. I’ll say we pretty much get there, obviously we just did and so, in fact I was saying, did $700 million plus the dividends for the year. So we’ve exceeded that already on a year-to-date basis. And I think probably embedded your question is so what is the outlook looks like for the rest of the year and how does that expect to play out. I’ve got to believe with the stock sitting where it is today in the level of options that have been exercised to date that those will continue if the stock stays where it is today. It’s actually up a couple dollars at least last I looked at it today, which will probably continue that trend and just to give you some perspective there, we’ve had 4 million, we had 4 million options exercised in the second quarter of 2013 compared to just over 1 million in the second quarter of 2012. So, you know if that trend continues that will be obviously the motivation for us to continue to share repurchases at the level we’ve had in the past but that will be dependent upon us watching that option exercise and its effect of the dilution of the share count. 
Bruce Tanner: Well, I guess you can’t do that to infinity without impacting the ability to pay dividends back, Rob, but honestly I don’t think, you know, if you look at our track record, in terms of what we’ve done with dividend increases and you know, I think that’s probably always the best indicator of what we’ll do in the future. The one thing that’s kind of interesting about where we sit from the amount of options that are still outstanding and have yet to be exercised, I want to say there is about $15 million, 15 million, excuse me, shares of options that are outstanding, about 12.5 or so are vested and the other, the remainder unvested. But we’ve kind of weeded out, if you will, sort of the low dollar option amounts. So the options that are being exercised today come with, you know, option prices at the $80 plus per share for the most part.  So you know think of the incremental difference between sort of buying back the shares to offset the dilution and the price of the options that are being exercised is maybe less than they would have been years ago when we had some options at the $35 to $45 levels. So that’s something to mitigate. What you might think of in terms of the overall level of cash sort of required to continue to share repurchases. At this point I think we’ve got the flexibility to do that. we're still looking at, you know, with the guidance we’ve provided this year, $4.2 billion, our overall capital, you know, somewhere in the billion dollars, maybe a little less. So free cash flow of $3.2 billion we started out, I think we’ve got what, $2.8 billion on the balance sheet as we ended the quarter.  So, you know, I still think we’ve got the fire power to continue to do that going forward in part because of the reasons I’ve just said with the benefits coming from those options when they are exercised. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So I think the first part of your question was if we could kind of squeeze for the back half of the year, it looks like we're down, I think you said 8%. I think that’s about right. Noah, I don’t have it off the top of my head. I will say that if we, as I said, to answer a previous question, as we look at the overall year and where we sit to the first half of the year, our sales were ahead of expectations in the first quarter. Our sales were ahead of expectations in the second quarter albeit not as much as they were in the first quarter. So we are tracking better than expected for the first half. The $825 million that we kind of came up with point towards the low end of the guidance was sort of -- as we used in the past sort of a parametric or a mathematically derived number that frankly we haven't seen materialize as quickly or as much as we thought when we did that calculations. So, I’m hopeful that we actually -- our culture towards the -- maybe little bit higher than the low end of the guidance, as we said earlier -- as I said earlier we’ve got one quarter to kind of squeeze out the fiscal year ‘13 impact for sequestration. It seems like a lot has to happen that quarter for that sort of mathematical modeling to come into fruition. As far as the build rates going into 2014, I think, we’re very similar to the situation that we were going into fiscal year 2013 in the -- we haven't seen truly the impacts in ‘13 than we had expected in large part because again I think the DoD in the Pentagon has done a fairly masterful job kind of deflecting some of that. It’s some of the expensive of operations and maintenance and some readiness issues, which are not good by any means, but in terms of the industry's perspective I think it’s been helpful. And so, we are kind of going to go into ‘14 somewhat the way we went into 2013 and there I think the -- we are going to have a similar story as I said at the start of the year where our long cycle businesses will not see much impact even if the ‘14 budget is set by sequestration. And our short cycle businesses will have that impact. But I got to believe the ability to continue to differ and push the sequestration impacts on O&M, readiness and the like will be mitigated by ‘14. So I think ‘14 versus ‘13 will be similar to what we expected to kind of happen as we enter the year ‘13 if that makes sense.
Bruce Tanner: Thanks Joe. I’ll try to take both those on. The backlog, as you said and we’re looking for a total backlog of $80 billion or so by the end of the year. I think we are around $55 billion or so of funded backlog. I wouldn’t think -- I think I would think that relationship will sort of hold pretty steady, would be my guess. Maybe a little bit higher, like think about it because I would think we’d get full funding for a good portion of that lot [6 and 7] negotiation, so that on a percentage basis, it might actually be a little higher than it is today. And as far as the SDD, you’re right. We did take a [D-book] this year, essentially similar to the one we took a year ago at this timeframe. The way I would describe that Joe, is in the quarter, we finalized an agreement with the government which we’ve been working for quite some time for the plan for earning the remaining fee on SDD and you should think of that as being both for the remaining developmental milestones on the contract as low as sort of an overall measure of performance that’s an incentive based measurement that will take place at the end of the contract. And I’ll just say that both criteria, the developmental milestone, they’re linked to specific dates and accomplishments through the remainder of the SDD period. And even more so I’ll say the sort of overall performance measures at the end of the contract which you should think of as being tied to both schedule performance and cost performance between now and the end of the contract. Both of those, I would characterize as very tough criteria for us. So this is our best estimate of how we’re going to perform against that criteria. I’d like to say that this is -- obviously I think this is our best estimate of how we’d perform against that criteria and it is a little tough maybe than what we were thinking it was when we set the numbers a year ago just on …
Bruce Tanner: Hey, Bill. I’ll answer those. So we are about 15% of total revenue for the F-35 program. I think that number continues to increase over the next few years. I think we were somewhere in the 13-ish or so range. I’ve lost track where we were last year. So we had about a 2% increase if memory serves me right in the percentage of total F-35 compared to our total sales. That number again, I think increases going forward and then how much I would say, maybe not as much as the 13% to 15%, but still increasing between 2013 and 2014.  IS&GS, the sequential decline again, kind of as expected and the reversal I think that you talked about Bill, this is still a business that’s very much sort of orders similar to or excuse me, backlogs similar to the sales level. For us to get there, we would expect to have a greater fourth quarter which is the historical trend for IS&GS. And what I would expect to have happened is that we’ll see from an orders perspective, higher orders in both the third quarter than we saw in the first two and the fourth quarter will be higher still than the third quarter.
Bruce Tanner: Thanks, Myles. So EAC revisions, I think, as usual Myles your math is right, we’re kind of spot on maybe a slightly different little bit down from the first half of this year compared to the first half of the last year in terms of our overall EAC revisions. Looking forward for the rest of this year, the second half, at least in the plan we kind of expected the level that will be similar to a little bit higher than where we were last year and that could obviously change as sort of risk retirements happen quicker than we plan them obviously. But as we sit here today, overall, we would expect still be, I think last year we were about 34% overall our EAC revisions versus our total earnings, so we’re going to be right at ballpark, maybe a little higher at 35-ish or just 36% is kind of what I would expect to see. So on pension you asked about the discount rates or the interest rate changes and so forth and I’ll just -- I’ll give you a little bit of perspective, obviously we won’t set this until the end of the year. But clearly there have been changes to rates in the first half of the year that want some discussion. So interest rates so far are up, probably about 75 basis points, and our asset returns are also slightly positive as we sit here this year. But as you know, our pension adjustments that we’re talking about much more sensitive to changes in the interest rates than changes in our asset return. So you did some calculations just remind everyone else on the call. I think the sensitivity that we provided in previous 10-Q and 10-K filings are still appropriate. So for discount rates every 25 basis points change is worth about a $145 million change in our FAS expense, whereas for asset returns it takes a 400 basis points change to be about an $18 million change in our FAS expense. So, overall, if we were to set the market today, we would expect to have a positive adjustment to fast cash again if those results held. I would remind that between now and the end of the year we typically do sort of accrual settings that look at the current population of employees to see what has changed and that population as we do reductions in force, you know some of the dynamics of that accrual study do actually change in terms of the acquisition of the workforce that, upon which that liability is built upon.  One of the bigger changes that and it may not happen between now and the end of the year, but we're watching it closely as we are expecting a new sort of standard mortality rate to come out which I guess from a good news perspective, since all of us are going to live longer, sort of from the bad news perspective, it says your liabilities are likely going to be increasing per pension because people are living longer. So that will have a bit of a mitigating effect on what we just described there in the numbers that she said but again we’ll set that up. We’ll try to give you the same sort of preview, if you will, in the third quarter call that we do typically every single year. And that’s when I’ll give you probably a little more detail into that.  As far as cash contributions, we’ve actually already made in the third quarter the second tranche of the $750 million for a total of $1-1/2 billion pension contribution. So, that is done for the year and we’ll, you know, as usual, we always evaluate whether or not the need arises to do anymore towards the end of the year when we sort of see our cash from operations flung out on a four year basis. We’ll try and give you some insights into that, Miles, again when we talk again in the third quarter. 
Bruce Tanner: Howard, let me try to address. You asked a pretty specific question there on segment operating margins in the second half and what’s expected to happen. So we did have a couple of things happen the first half of the year, including as you saw within our MST business, a couple of contractual resolutions. They were a good size. I mean obviously if you look at the margins for that business, in particular, that’s a record level of margins and it was obviously, maybe not obviously, but it was driven by those contractual resolutions. Those are not expected to replicate in the second half of the year. So that’s one item that will bring it down first half relative to second half.  Secondly, space systems also up a little bit first half of the year. Think of that as some of the phasing and the mix of where we're seeing some of the URLA equity earnings and expect to see a little bit of a reduction in that in the second half of the year. You know so that’s, I think you did the math exactly right in the guidance we have, Howard. You know the wild card in all this is we have a certain level of planned, I’ll say, risked retirements that we expect to occur in both third quarter and fourth quarter. And just as we had some benefits beyond what we were planning in the first and second quarter, if those occur as they did in the first and second, that may be able to mitigate some of that reduction you see or you're talking about. If they don’t, then we won't see that happen. It’s kind of that simple. Now I’ll put the call back over to Marillyn for I think the second half of your question. 
Bruce Tanner: So Sam, I’ll address the first part. So if you have read the proxy, what you’ve seen happen in the past two years, we’ve actually been lowering the number of options that are paid not just to the senior leadership team but to leaders -- leadership in general. And in fact, at the start of this year, we eliminated option as a component of our executive compensation program. So all of our equity compensation going forward is either in the form of RSUs or performance stock units. And so one of the things that I don’t think we necessarily had a complete understanding amongst all of our investors is that some of the dilutive aspects that have been occurring -- that have been meeting to be offset through share repurchases had been because of the level of option exercises. So if you track the number of outstanding options over the past few years, that’s come down fairly significantly. And I guess, it’s kind of a good news, bad news each. As the stock price increases, we have more option exercise which increases the dilution effect but it also gets rid of those options at a faster cliff such that going forward. I don’t have this on top of my head but I want to say on an annual basis, we were currently providing somewhere in the 5-ish -- maybe 6 million shares or so of options on an annual basis, maybe more like 7 million shares. And if you’re just providing the same amount of executive compensation, it takes a lot fewer shares to do that with RSUs and performance stock units. So on an annual run rate, we’re going to see less dilutive opportunities, if you will, from our executive compensation program than we’ve had in years passed. So that’s a direct reflection of some of the conversations we’ve had with investors who raised that point to us and we made that change accordingly. I think your second question was the higher stock prices -- higher stock price in the second half of the year and its impact on the Rabbi Trust. And really there is not an associated impact there as I think of it, but certainly Rabbi Trust, you can put it in essentially the same sorts of options that 401-k opportunities are for employees. And we try to match that from our liabilities perspective. So I think it’s more targeted to overall market performance, if you will, then directly to the Lockheed Martin stock.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. So I’ll try that one. We’ve said for quite some time, I always sort of describe this as the algebra of this business when it comes to aeronautics margins. Going forward, even though the overall F-35 margins are expected to increase going forward, we have a bit of mitigation impact there because we just lowered, if you will, the go forward booking rate, if you want to think about it that way from SSD contract by virtue of what we did with the adjustment we took this quarter.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question Rob. First, I’d say that, our customer really has not come out with a definitive position on how they’re going to take into account sequestration. I know there has been lot of speculation. I’m not going to speculate with you on what they’ll come out with. We’re working closely with them. They’re looking at different scenarios of how they are, if they’ll address it. One thing I will say is that they’re very supportive of the F-35 and we’ll just have to see how it comes out. We’ve seen in terms of any impact that we might see on F-35 that we backfill probably by international opportunities because as you can see that’s where we’re going to ramp up. In fact, we look over the next five years close to 50% of our orders will come from international customers. So we’ve got to just wait until they come forward with or wait until the Department of Defense comes forward with what their plans are and then we’ll adjust accordingly.
Marillyn Hewson: Sure, thanks for the question. So, on opportunities for F-16 as I did say with the Iraq sale that gets us out into 2017. But we also have opportunities and import for the UAE. Potentially, there are other Middle East countries. We have opportunities in South America. So, our production rate today is about 13 aircrafts per year. And it should continue on out through at least to ‘17 timeframe. And then as we see additional orders come on line, we would continue to stay on whatever rate that would lend itself to. We also have F-16 upgrade work that we are doing today which is good work for us as we, with the time line upgrade of F-16. On the C-130J, our plan this year is to deliver 24 aircrafts and we’ll continue on that rate. We have a lot of international demand for this C-130J. And we are hopeful on moving through the multi-year opportunity with the U.S. government which would be up to 83 aircraft through those opportunities in Saudi Arabia, opportunities in India. So we have the C-130J also has good opportunities.
Marillyn Hewson: Okay. We have taken net cap down from about 146,000 employees about two or three years ago to 116,000 now, so you are right, headcount has been coming down. We’ve taken some direct activities where we took out a number of management back when we do our voluntary separation program at that time. We will continue to adjust our business to what’s happening and our business base. So that’s what you are seeing is just the budget environment and adjusting to contractual delays or reductions that come with that. So those are the types of actions we’ll take and what we don’t know is what sequestration will bring. Certainly, if we have a significant impact on program from sequestration we’ll see additional reductions to that. So we basically saw the business to the environment that we are operating in. We are also coming out of footprint. We’ve done a lot and you’ve probably seen we reduced our capacity both shutting down facilities, as well as moving out lease space into our own space and that’s something that we’ve done for past several years. But it’s just of course we take to managing our business to make sure that we get our infrastructure and our labor force aligned with business base that we have.
Marillyn Hewson: Your question about, you know, what do we see in terms of continued cost reductions, I would just, you know, point to the fact that we’ve had, we’ve been very corrective as I said earlier, the last several years, I’m just getting ahead of the budget cuts by reducing expenses and headcount. But we have very few leaders that don’t just manage programs, they manage their business on an ongoing basis. And they have very strong cost control discipline in their business. So we look at that and monitor that on an ongoing basis. As I said earlier, we tried to keep our structure in line with the business base we have. The other thing that is driving the performance of the businesses is just consistent performance on the programs. We don’t -- we're performing well across all of the business areas with very deliberate management of the programs in making sure that we perform and meet the cost targets that those contracts drive and continue to look at ways that we can improve our margins on the programs. It’s -- I think it’s a good -- straighter good performance by our leadership and our team across the business in executing on programs that they have.
Marillyn Hewson: So let me wrap up our call today by again highlighting that I believe our second quarter results and increased guidance illustrate the solid position and performance of the corporation to provide value to our shareholders and solutions to our customers. Even in an uncertain budget environment, our product portfolio, strong balance sheet, robust cash generation and the exceptional execution by our 116,000 employees will continue to propel our corporation forward. So, thank you again for your interest and for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in October. Thanks.
