Jim Taiclet: Sheila, it's Jim. I'll start off and maybe turn it over to Jay for some more of the detail. But we're very confident in our ability to reach an agreement with the Joint Program Office in the U.S. government on our negotiations that are ongoing. But what's really important to us and for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, is that we have a clear and shared understanding of the changes in the cost environment of the aircraft that have occurred over the last 12 months or so during this negotiation. And two of the biggest cost drivers in the upward direction are inflation and COVID effects that have actually been ongoing over the past couple of years. And so, we need and feel it's very, very important to take all those costs into consideration, make sure that there's a joint agreement on what those costs are and the magnitude of those, so that we can have a successful program for everyone in lot 15 to 17. There's also, as we touched on earlier, some lower quantities that were initially projected for that lot. We're working with the U.S. government and also the -- our international partners to see if there's ways to bolster that number. But right now, what we're working with is a lower number in negotiations. So, when you add all those things together, it's incumbent upon us to make sure we get an appropriate transaction or agreement for our shareholders and for the U.S. government and for our workforce as well. So, that's what the -- I wouldn't call it a holdup. I would just say that's the reality of the situation, and we're working closely and constructively with our government customers to collect on to that cost baseline and then we'll work from there on the contract.
Jim Taiclet: So Kristine, this is Jim. And obviously, we're in a long-cycle business here from an authorization in the House Armed Services Committee, for example, to book of revenue -- booking of revenue at Lockheed Martin could be 12 months to 3 years, depending on the program. So, I think -- as I tried to lay out, the environment is more challenging from a security -- national security and global security perspective than it was before. That suggests that deterrence is a more valuable product than it's ever been, at least in the last 80 to 100 years, and that we feel we're really positioned well with our strategy to meet that need for national security and global security. But we can't quantify yet exactly how that's going to touch our revenue on a $66 billion base, for example. And until we get actual contracts that have order schedules and we get the funding to do the long lead time items and all of those nuances and specifics in defense contracting. So, we're not going to try to bracket what those growth numbers are going to be, because we want to keep the fidelity of our guidance process. And we give it a year at a time. I did that in my last company, too, because that's where we have real data upon which we can give you a reliable forecast.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And remember, during the negotiation period, we've had significant changes in the underlying cost factors of bidding for the next three lots. And again, those -- it was concurrent. So, yes, we've been going at this for a number of quarters, but that's because that cost baseline has been moving during that time, and we both have to agree on where we think it's going to end up. And so, COVID impacts was cited and inflation, which is even a more recent phenomenon, so to speak. We've got to go all the way back to our supply chain, see what the impacts are going to be, then present that to the government. They have to vet those estimates and those cost assumptions. And that's what the basis of the negotiation to follow. So, this has been longer than normal because the underlying ground has been shifting on the most important assumptions that go into the negotiation. We are going to stay with our strategy, which is constructive, which they are, and progressing negotiations on the basis of actual cost information and data that provides our shareholders a fair margin and return as well as a government attractive contract.
Jim Taiclet: I can start with the theory and turn it over to Jay for the practice. The theory I have on capital deployment is what’s some highest and best use every quarter of the dollars that are created by the company or that we could or should be borrowing from the capital markets. And the batting order for me here kind of continues from my prior experience, which is based on regression data on when we make decisions, how they turn out. And what's the best ROIC that we can expect for a given dollar of investment or a given $100 million of investment? It tends to have been in my experience in both, this and other companies that capital investments based on actual or anticipated contracts with real customers, tend to have the highest ROICs. And we've bolstered our CapEx budget and plans under John's leadership and now Jay's as well at Lockheed Martin because we've got good prospects for contracts we're winning that are going into production that we need to invest in. The other thing we've done and really stepped up our internal spending on and we expect to get good returns from is our digital transformation program which I would say really is in the major leads right now, frankly. We've got a great CIO running it. She's got a fantastic team. We have a well-thought-out plan. We have support from our Board to go do this on a multiyear basis. And it's going to make us more efficient, more competitive and higher quality products coming out of our plants. So those are -- that's the first area. Our highest ROIC tends to be in universe, so to speak. Second area I found to be most beneficial is inorganic investments, right? So, we're looking at really hard now, making investments in both, the U.S. and other countries in technologies and programs we think are going to have duration and traction. And again, some of those will be in the U.S. and some will be outside the U.S. I think you'll see us investing a little more by putting, say, let's call it, boots on -- and brick-and-mortar on the ground and other countries than we have in the past because we expect those ROIs to be pretty compelling. When it comes down to what's left, M&A tends to be the third in the batting order. That doesn't seem to be really wide open in our industry right now with the current administration. So, we're going to then look to what else can we do and it's share repurchases, the next thing in the batting order. And you've seen us step up to that as far as announcements and performance already this year. And if we've got excess capital, and we are at a reasonable leverage level, we'll go ahead and continue to buy back shares. And I'll let Jay talk about intrinsic value and how we weave that in. But we're going to put our capital to work, the cash flow we generate and what we can borrow and maybe even lever up if those opportunities with high ROICs get bigger than we thought.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. Well, we've got, as you've seen, a lot of success on the F-35. We also have international F-16 interest that's increasing. CH-53K is on the table in, say, Germany, for example. So, there's an across-the-board interest in these products, THAAD and PAC-3. Middle East has got to defend itself against missiles being fired at oil and gas infrastructure and even worse for populated major cities. And so, those kind of products have high demand in that part of the world and others as well.
Jim Taiclet: Sure, Matt. The first one is just the transfer of pension, what you've seen us do over the last few years. This is essentially matching assets and liabilities and having insurance, transferring these over to insurance companies from a liability management perspective. And so, we're contemplating doing another round of those. On the debt, it's just a matter of taking multiple years of debt and really refinancing that out just a little bit earlier than waiting for the maturities to occur in each particular year. And so, those may have some P&L impacts associated with them. Last year, we had a pretty sizable impact on the pension liability transfer I don't have that in front of me. We're still working through that right now. But just to say that those may happen here as early as in the second quarter, just to give you the heads up about that.
Jim Taiclet: Sure, Pete. Look, I'd like just to go back to the environment we're in. I think it's pretty evident leadership in Congress and the key committees, of course, are well aware of this environment. And they have points of view on what the defense budget ought to look like to meet that environment, and then, the specifics underneath that. So, for me to get ahead of them at this point is really not our place. But if you look in historical terms, recent or beyond, Congress does have a point of view in these matters and tends to take their own actions because they are the authorizers and appropriators at the end of the day, and they'll have a voice. But I can't predict what that outcome is going to be in a quantitative fashion yet.
Jim Taiclet: Sure, Rob. I mean, my personal view of this having been an aviator in military myself is that you can't really have an effective economy and protect human rights if authoritarian governments are not constrained in what they might do and how they might do it, frankly. So, I would put that national security and human security notion up equally with other ESG topics like corporate governance and global warming, climate change, which are also very important. But I'd put it in the same category. I recognize in Europe that before Ukraine occurred that that was not necessarily the trend. But, we've seen some increased interest from our international investors around the world because I think people are starting to recognize that this is not an anti-ESG industry. You could call it neutral or positive perhaps. But we're trying to maintain the conditions where people can live safe, happy, lives and the economy can flourish, especially a free market economy.
Jim Taiclet: I'm not sure a regional approach is the right way to look at it. We've got demand signals for THAAD and PAC-3 from around the world because, again, countries everywhere are recognizing that, especially when you see missiles hitting hospitals and situations like that and train stations in Ukraine, that it's worthwhile to have an effective missile defense capacity in your country. So, we are getting signals that, if anything, we might have to increase capacity in certain products to meet the global demand. So, I'm not sure the regional approach is the best way to look at it. And by the way, that threat hasn't gone down either, it's getting greater instead of lesser, based on what Iran tends to do in that part of the world.
Jim Taiclet: Without the data to quantify it, Doug, you kind of -- I'm a little bit data-driven first. I don't want to speculate on that. But directionally, it sounds something that could come about, frankly. We would expect it in a way, but to quantify it a little too soon.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. I'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire Lockheed Martin team, all 114,000 people strong for their contributions and dedication, especially over the last many months, where COVID reemerged in the winter, and we still had production to get done, and they did it. Our workforce has performed with the resilience under a lot of challenging circumstances for a long time. And through their ongoing efforts and commitment, our company is now positioned to deliver outstanding technology and solutions for our customers and long-term value to our shareholders. So, I want to thank you all again for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in July.
Jay Malave: Jim, let me just add on a little bit. As far as the negotiation, Sheila, we're encouraged by the progress being made. There has been progress, and we're encouraged by that. As far as an acute impact, it could be $500 million plus in the quarter, which we'd expect to be timing that we would recover in the balance of the year, assuming a successful negotiation. There does remain a gap, and Jim alluded to that. The team has been working with a sense of urgency to really complete this negotiation. And again, as Jim mentioned, it's important to keep in mind that we need to reach the right agreement for our stakeholders, even if that means we have to endure some impacts in the short term. As far as the production question. I mean, we're pretty confident in the 156 three-year plan that we had laid out before from a delivery profile. As you mentioned, the international customers and these customers that Jim just mentioned in his prepared remarks, provide some level of flexibility to really shore up that production schedule. You may have seen in the unfunded priority list for the Air Force, the Navy and the Marines, there was about 19 aircraft added to that. So, when you mix that in with the international demand, we feel very comfortable in our ability to maintain a 156 production cycle over that three-year period.
Jay Malave: Let me take that question first. The budget was beneficial. I think as Jim mentioned, the trends are favorable, directionally, it's moving in the right way. And again, you would expect it to be incremental from the low single-digit baseline that we had previously provided. And maybe a little bit of color you've seen in a lot of reference to integrated deterrents emphasis on all domain and interoperability. And there's quite a few things from a programmatic standpoint to be excited about things like nuclear command control and communications reentry -- future reentry vehicle systems, our TACAMO recapitalizations, Next-Gen Interceptor, Next-Gen OPIR and others. And so, directionally, as I mentioned, it feels pretty good. As Jim had mentioned, we're still compiling this, and we're going through the analysis. It's going to take us some time to work through exactly what that means from an impact. I think it's fair to say that it's beneficial. It's biased to the upside, the extent to which they'll really have to work through and at the appropriate time, we'll let you know what that is.
Jay Malave: Yes. I'll just add, Kristine, that there are conversations ongoing with our government customer, to Jim's point, and sensitivity analysis, scenario planning and things like that. And as those firm up, we'll provide clearer information to you.
Jay Malave: Kai, so at this point, we would not expect any type of profit hit based on our negotiation as it currently stands. And again, it's a dynamic discussion, but we wouldn't expect any type of charge there. Going forward, as I mentioned here, the impact would be up $500 million plus in the second quarter. To further extent, obviously, that will go up. I think that we'll probably have to revisit later in the quarter to see how things are progressing. And I think we can update accordingly then. I think let's just kind of get through the quarter. We're encouraged and really pleased with the progress we're making to date. I know it's been a long road, but there's been some significant progress that's been made. And so, we're encouraged that we can be able to close this in a relatively short period of time. If not, then we'll update you accordingly at that point in time.
Jay Malave: Let me just add -- let me just clarify, Seth, in terms of the debt. We don't plan on delevering. It would be just refinancing what we have. And so, the existing capacity we have really doesn't change at all. The use of the cash wouldn't change either. It's just taking multi -- potentially multiple years and refinancing that in various tranches here and doing it efficiently. As far as the prioritization of our capital, I agree wholeheartedly with what Jim just laid out. And so, we're going to go through that evaluation process. Keep in mind, I've been with the Company about 2.5 months now. And so, I would just ask for a little bit of time for us to just go through this process deliberately and analytically so that we can make the best decisions. If you look at the industry, we've seen an uptick in valuations in the industry as a whole. But I would say, our stock still remains undervalued on a relative basis. And from an intrinsic value, we're just -- we're going through that whole analysis right now. Based on some of the questions you asked, really taking another look at our growth outlook in determining what that comes up from a value for the company. So, we're going to go through that. We're going to be deliberate about it and then make the best decisions from a capital deployment. The key here is that we've got plenty of flexibility and plenty of opportunity, and we won't be afraid to use it. Ultimately, what we want to do is get to sustainable growth in free cash flow per share, and that's what our objective is.
Jay Malave: Thanks for the question, David. Let me just maybe put it in a little bit of context, and remind you, in Jim's comments, we are a long-cycle business. So, benefits that you may see in a particular budget year manifest themselves and get delivered from a revenue standpoint over multiple years. And the best example I can give you is the -- 2022 plus-ups. If you look at the plus-ups and the impacts to us, that was about a little bit over 2 points of growth in any given year. But the reality is the profile -- delivery profile of that revenue stream is going to be over 3 to 4 years. And so, it's going be spread over. And so, as we just had an opportunity to have this presidential budget dropped, we're in the first inning here. We need to see -- let the process play out and get a better understanding in terms of what these program increments mean to us and in what periods. And so, we're just going to need some time to really go through that. And as I mentioned before, we'll obviously keep you updated at the appropriate time, but it's just a little early to really make those calls right now.
Jay Malave: Peter, I'll just add -- I mean, F-35 Lot 15 to 16, orders we expect, those are -- actually, they will have some international volumes associated with those big numbers this year, and those will really move the dial. We've got Black Hawk Multi-Year X, which is a multibillion-dollar award as well. And we didn't really talk about it here in the first quarter results, but we had about a $4 billion award in our classified. And if you recall, it's one of our pillars of growth here in the first quarter. So, very excited about that program as well. And so, we're positioned pretty well for award growth for the balance of the year and heading into next year.
Jay Malave: I'd say, it's a combination of both, Myles. You're pretty close to that underlying recurring margin percentage. If you think about it, last year was a pretty good size year as far as net profit positive adjustments. And as you would expect, those carry forward into higher run rate margins moving forward as you recognize revenue. And so, part of it is also mixes plays in the game as well. But I would expect what you saw in the first quarter to generally be what we'll see for the balance of the year. And so, we expect our profit adjustments to be lower year-over-year. Last year, we did about 28% of our profit. This year, in the first quarter, we did about 24%. For the full year, we're expecting that to be closer to 25%. And so -- but again, it's -- we're very comfortable with our margin outlook. We're very comfortable with our EPS outlook, and we're just seeing a little bit of a transition here with recurring versus margins versus the profit adjustments.
Jay Malave: That's a good question, George. Look, the second quarter would have us down around 7% year-over-year, and so we'd be down around that ballpark for the first half of the year. We're still -- while it's still a dynamic environment, I guess, is the best way to describe it. And we're still dealing -- even though we've seen significant improvement since the beginning of the year is still we're not out of the woods. And so, we're holding it there. We would still expect to have some level of impact that will clear itself up in the back half of the year. And that's really the placeholder for that second quarter number. We still are dealing with through the first half of the year, the impact of the Atomic Weapons Establishment program from the UK. And so, it's just -- year-over-year compares are tough. It is sequentially a pretty big step-up. You're talking $1 billion nearly, around that ballpark. And we think that's the right place to be for the moment. And of course, if anything changes, we'll update you accordingly.
Jay Malave: Yes. I'll just add, Doug, we are planning on a multiyear up cycle on PAC-3, where this year we'll deliver around 450 units, and that's spiking up to 550. And so, it's well positioned and contemplates some of the things that you've talked about already.
