Bruce Tanner: Yeah. I will take that one, Carter. So the sustainment weakness in aero was really, I think of it is as predominantly F-16 or little bit in our Kelly business as well. The F-16, you should think of a couple of things going on there. We have a couple of large international F-16 month programs that are starting, but they started later than we had anticipated or they will start later in one case than we anticipated. And while we previously kind of expected to have some existing older mod programs, sort of feather end to these newer mod programs, we now have a bit of lowering point or a trough before we start to see the new programs pick up speed and that’s what’s driving the numbers stand a little bit in F-16. On the other hand for the F-22 program, this is a bit of good news, can also be bad news in some respects. We provide the sustainment of the F-22 aircraft in the field, and the aircraft are actually performing better than our expectation and I believe better than the customers’ expectations. And so because of that because our readiness levels and the like are higher than we expected them to be at this point in time were actually seeing a diminished level of spares requirement, another sustainment activity to support the aircraft at that level. So while that’s terrific news for our products, terrific news for our customers, does result in a little bit of lower sales for us in 2015 than we previously planned.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. Let me try to take a shot at that, Jason. So, I think you are -- the back of the envelope math you did would be exactly right. $3 billion with $2 billion pension contribution why wouldn’t that equal $5.8 billion next year? So the short version answer to that is, think of that as primarily cash taxes. So the additional $1 billion that we are contributing in 2014 think about as about a $350 million swing that we won't get that tax deduction, if you will in 2015 and somewhat seems over at this point in time. But we also had a tax refund in the first quarter of this year about $250 million. So between the two of those, think of that as what $600 million-ish or so. I think we’ve -- the one thing I would add that may help little bit in discussion also is while we are saying greater than or equal to $15 billion, we do expect 2015 cash flow to start with a $5 billion obviously at this point in time. But I would expect that year-over-year our cash from operations would actually increase over that number between ’15, ’16 and ’17. So we are actually feeling good about the statement of greater than or equal to $15 billion.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah, Rich, maybe just a couple of moving pieces that may not be readily apparent there. So we have about -- we are probably in the year about 316 million shares or so outstanding. And so we also have, at the end of the year or as we sit here today about $6-ish million -- excuse me, 6 million options outstanding as well then we would expect to be exercised over the three year period. Plus as you know, we provide executive compensation, RSUs, plus matching our 401(k)s and the like that will probably add another 10 million shares or so. So if you just think of it in terms of what the absolute number of shares would have to be there, it’s probably the 16 million shares to get down to 300 plus, some of the creep we just talked about so. At least as we look at, we look at our operating cash flow over the next three years, I think your math is pretty much spot on. It does pretty much require us to do about a 100% of free cash flow over the next three years and that would be our intention.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So let me give -- maybe just go around try to touch on all five business areas at least at the topline, Noah, because I think you are not quite right in the way you did the math to come up with that number.
Bruce Tanner: So I think IS&GS, if we look at ’15, it’ll probably be down mid-single digits, maybe slightly more than that. And that’s probably pretty evenly split between our civil and the defense and intelligence lines of business there. And what we’re seeing there is, this is a portion of our portfolio that has always been -- I should start with that, but always has been and seemingly has gotten increasingly competitive in nature to the point where we’re even seen sort of our follow-on contracts where we’re the incumbent and we won the follow-on contract. Those are being awarded at lower levels than the prior contract were being awarded at. We are also seeing the disaggregation of some contract opportunities and the sort of multiple elements of that contract that enable additional competition. So that’s a little different environment than we had expected to be in, as we’re trying to forecast what 2015 would look like a year ago, but that’s the reality of where we are today. I think the piece that you’re probably missing a little bit is, we are going to be down somewhat in Missiles and Fire Control, probably more than you’re expecting. So Missiles and Fire Control see in total is probably going to be down about a similar amount like, maybe a little bit less than IS&GS and most of that is because we do have a pretty good size services business within the Missiles and Fire Control or technical services business. And that is also experiencing the similar sort of hypercompetitive elements that we are seeing over an IS&GS and so that’s going down. We are also down slightly or expect to be down slightly in 2015 in our air missile defense volume. This is both PAC-3 and THAAD. And that’s just simply reflecting the lower quantities of missiles that were left a couple of years ago if you will kind of in the sequestration timeframe that are playing out in 2015. I think Aeronautics is probably, and I think you got this right, Aeronautics is probably pretty comparable to where we will finish 2014, although that’s probably a little lower than we had expected it to be primarily for the reasons that I described to Carter’s question. I will point out that may not be clear. We are down. We always were expecting to be down in Aeronautics for F-16 deliveries from about 17 in 2014 to about 11 or so, so think of that is like one a month of F-16 deliveries next year. And that combined with the sustainment activity I mentioned the Carter is the reason that we are actually seeing a flat, I'll try to make this simpler before my voice quivers here, that we are making a flat year-to-year situation was what sort of lost and all that as we have a pretty significant reduction in SDD on the F-35 program, but the F-35 production program is drawing a faster than a 10% rate from 2014 to 2015. Space is down slightly. Next year you should think about as sort of low-single digits, that’s primarily because we had two launch vehicles that we recognized the sales for in 2014. We will have no such launch vehicles in 2015. We also had slightly lower government -- we actually have one launch vehicle, but we also have the Orion ETF, which is yet to take place that will take place in December of this year. So that’s a higher volume for Orion as well compared to 2015. We also have lower government satellite volume expected next year, and that’s partially offset by the volume from our Zeta acquisition, but net, net Space is still down. And then lastly, the one kind of outlier in all that discussion is MST. And we are actually expecting MST to have potentially a little bit higher sales, maybe a low single digit to higher than last year and you should think of that is primarily because of the new start activity on some of our programs, such as the spacecraft program, the combat rescue helicopter and the presidential helicopter. So hope that gives you a little more added color there.
Bruce Tanner: Joe, I will take a shot at that. So I think the primary reason that F-35 looks that way is we actually had some risk retirements in the year before that were not replicated in 2014. And we are obviously booking those now at the higher rate that resulted from those step-ups in 2013, but we have no similar level of step-ups in 2014. Actually as we look at 2015, I think the F-35 production volume in part because we do expect to make some step-ups next year that we didn’t have in 2014. We would expect to see the production volume or production return on sales actually increase next year as opposed to decrease. So we are slowly getting there and it’s a bit of a slog to kind of go, take a program as large as F-35 from a development to a low rate initial production to a full rate production program, but we’re getting there. And those step-ups depend on risk retirement events and the phasing of those things changes practically with every single lot. I am happy that we just finished all the F-35 LRIP-5 deliveries and we are going to start delivering LRIP-6 aircraft this quarter.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So Doug, as I said previously, the technical services piece is definitely going down and accordingly the backlog associated with business going down, that’s almost all US dominated services, if you will. The international business is expecting to increase both backlog and sales going forward. We have already got. In fact, hopefully you saw there is -- today’s announcement we had the turret contract for the UK Scout vehicle. This is a subcontract arrangement to actually our facility in the UK was awarded today, that’s worth about a $1 billion, that will be recognized as an order in the fourth quarter. We also had the PAC-3 order for the Government of Qatar that occurred in the quarter. It’s already happened. And that’s about a $0.5 billion. And as we look forward, there is slight a few international Air missile, defense activities. Those -- as you can well appreciate, those tend to be lumpy and little bit hard to predict, but we would expect backlog in Missiles and Fire Control to grow in ’15 compared to ’14 and we would continue to expect the international content both in terms of sales as well as backlog to grow from ’14 to ’15 as well.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. I don’t think it’s a simple deal to one of those, Hunter. So let me -- I probably should have done this but no one asked this question. But let me try to address that here with you. So we’re guiding towards at least, the trend information that we provided, we said, we prior come between 11.5% and 12% next year. The biggest reason for that, the biggest single reason for that is we’re expecting cost of about a $100 million of lower equity earnings from our United Launch Alliance joint venture. And you should think of that as being probably about three or so fewer launch vehicles in 2015 compared to what was launched or what’s expected to be launched in 2014. And it’s also the mix of those vehicles, not every launch vehicle that gets launched by United Launch Alliance shares the same level of profitability. It depends on which vehicle and when that vehicle is actually contracted for. So again, because of quantities of mix changes, think of that has been about $90 million lower. We’re also seeing lower margin expectations back on the IS&GS from the competitive pressures that we talked about early on the sales discussion. So I would expect to see IS&GS margins down, probably 20, 30 basis point, somewhere in that range. About half a bit sort of due to competitive pressures that we see that are affecting the sales as well as the bottom line there. And probably the other half is -- this is probably a little bit of good new story. The other half of margin pressure comes because we’ve won quite a few large international multiyear contract. So think of this as programs like for the Australian Department of Defense we’re providing the IT services for them. Think of it as a number of command-and-control programs for international customers. And whereas, the vast majority of IS&GS business tends to be very short cycled in nature, these are a little bit more longer term contracts. And as you might expect, we’ll start booking those contracts at lower profit rates in part because our new customers and they are longer duration contracts as well. I’ll also mention that we had about $50 million of higher expenses next year 2015 because of intangible amortization and transaction expenses associated with the deals that we’re closing this year. And we also have within that $50 million, about $20 million or so of research and development expenses that are hitting the bottom line for Sun Catalytix R&D efforts. This is -- you may have read about this. This is sort of our energy storage pre-revenue kind of business that we acquired. It does require some continuing R&D expenditures and this is non-far, non DOD business for the R&D hits the bottom line. So collectively again, between transaction expenses in Sun Catalytix about $50 million higher next year than last year. Despite that, I actually went back and looked at what we provided last year at this time. In last year for 2014, at this time we were guiding towards about 11.5%. I’ll say the same thing this year that I said last year, which as I look forward, I think we have similar levels of opportunity to do better as we did in 2014 as we said here looking at 2015. But we have to make those happen and that’s the reason we have made those happen yet and we’ll see how that progresses throughout the rest of the year.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. So, I think you are about right, Myles, I don’t quite have the number on my head. But we were a little bit lower in the fourth quarter in terms of our profit adjustments. I would expect that we probably rebound a little bit at least as we look at the planning for the fourth quarter. I mean obviously those can move out if we don’t sort of accomplish all the events that we hold to that result in those risk retirements. But as we look here today, we would expect to bounce back up a little bit and that was in the year at about the level you said I mean somewhere probably in the 33%, 34% of total profitability. I would think next year is probably fairly comfortable. We kind of tossed out the 30% to 35% as sort of where we expect that we were a little bit higher than last year. But that’s about what we expect to be going forward. And then as far as the other unallocated, I would not expect it to be quite at the level we are forecasting for this year in part because, I mean, there is a lot of moving pieces in that as you can well appreciate. Though we had some -- we had some question corporate costs that got resolved in our favor during the quarter. There was fairly the largest piece of those moving pieces and I would not expect that to replicate in future quarter so this is a bit of an outlier.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. So actually we had two. We said there are contract reserves that I probably better stated as sort of legal reserves. One was to resolve a legal matter and other was a sort of to create a provision for a legal matter. Two different -- two different items about the same quantity of each of them. So it totaled up $30 million in the quarter. I think we released that in the earnings release. C-130 deliveries, we do expect to end the year about 24. We are going to run about 24 aircrafts build rates. And you could possibly have one slip here and there between years. But I don’t expect that to happen in 2014. We are tracking well to that schedule. And I would 2015 would be a similar level at the 24 aircraft. And then I think your last question was on F-16 and most for the profitability of that because we are losing volume of aircraft quantities obviously the profit dollars associated with those aircraft quantities will go down. I wouldn’t expect to see a huge drop-off from margin perspective year-over-year because of that, I mean, the aircraft quantities that are being delivered, I still think we’ll have comparable margins and the sustainment activity including the modern work that we do is also fairly comparable to the aircraft business that we have there. So it may not be as self evident as when the quantity drops, the profitability also drops or the profit and the margins also drops. I don’t think that’s the case there.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. George, I’ll take that one. So C-5, we’re expecting to increase the rate, you should -- I think we will do probably six, maybe seven C-5s this year. We’re actually performing well in that program. I think we grow that number to about nine, expected deliveries next year, so we’ll see some volume increases associated with them. I think there is a chance that we’ll see some profitability increases, George, on that. We’re performing much better as we performed throughout 2014 towards the end of the year than we were even at the start of the year. And assuming that trend sort of continues into 2015, I think that creates the possibility for that. I think we talked on a pervious call about there is definitely some what we call over and above work that we think we’ve entitlement to that we do believe we can get reimbursed at some point time, that is not yet played out. But we continue to believe we have that entitlement, which would allow more than what I’m talking about just through I’d say ordinary program performance improvements year-over-year. So I’m feeling better about the program going into ‘15 than I was into 2014. The international revenue on the F-35, it’s -- the quantities are going and just roughly I think we kind of pulled out the number, it’s a little bit out of off the top of my head, but we’re probably somewhere between $1 billion and $1.5 billion in international revenue this year and we’d probably expect to grow that number above $2 billion of the total F-35 revenue for next year. So it’s growing at a fairly fast clip by itself. Again the program in total, the production program is growing more than 10% year-over-year from '14 to '15, so internationally we would expect to do that as well.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. So you should think of those as being fairly similar to the level we had in 2014. Gary, we are right at around $1 billion between PP&E, capital expenditures and our capitalized software. And that’s about the level we see in the future. It could be a little less than that, maybe a little more than that, but for planning purposes, think right at about $1 billion a year.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. so we’re getting -- again I think at the beginning of the year, we had probably little more conservatism for some of the later in the year delivery events that would have going to occur, including the Orion ETF launch which should be pretty spectacular by the way on December, in the early part of December this year. So that now we feel highly confident that that’s going to occur. That was one of the reasons we’re probably little more conservative with our guidance early in the year. We had also made two acquisitions in the year, Zeta Associates which is the larger of two and Astrotech, which is little smaller, but we are getting additional revenue from both of those as well.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. I sure help, Joe, that we do see the bottom out in 2015. We kind of teed up we thought that was going to occur in 2014 and we were at least a year off there. So as we look today, I think that we do expect that to sort of bottom out for us in 2015 and we get back to accretive growth in 2016. That’s kind of what the budget would indicate. I’m watching in particular the FY’16 budget request and whether or not they sort of stick within the sequestration levels or actually potentially based it more on the actual threats than the strategic direction that the DOD needs to go into. I think that’s going to be an interesting one to watch. As far how that plays relative to our cash deployment, I don’t see that having any necessarily large impact on how we would think of cash deployment activities. I think we’ve given a little more insight into that by what we talked about today with the higher share repurchases that we plan over the next three years at least. And as I always say with the dividends, I think our track record on dividends is the best indicator of what we’ll do going forward. So I’ll probably leave it at that and turn the call back over to Marillyn at this point.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, I think, as you talk about the outlook for aircraft and aerospace in general, it’s still very positive for us. We’re going to continue to see F-35 growth well into the future. I mean, we often talk about how it’s very similar to the F-16 program. Today, we have a program of a record of over 3,000 aircraft and the F-16, we sold something like 4,600 of them and we still have continued demand for the F-16 and that’s how we expect the F-35 to go. So, well, there is a program of record with the U.S. government on the number of aircraft that they’re going to buy. We have a lot of interested countries internationally that have yet to come online in that procurement process. A lot of partners as you know, eight partners around the world, now three SMSS customers with Israel, Japan and now South Korea and we expect additional customers. Plus some of those customers are early on and what their needs are and I expect that they will look at additional trenches of aircraft over time much that as they do with the F-16 program. So we’ll continue to be a strong aerospace company going forward into the future. They would be a major element of our business. Likewise, the missile defense arena is going to be a continued demand, that’s a very important element of our business and there is strong demand internationally. Even as we look at our needs domestically, we expect there to be additional opportunities to use domestically but if you look at FAD, PAC-3, Aegis, Aegis Ashore, even MEADS we expect going forward. Another area that we are moving into and have invested significantly and have a tremendous product for is the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, that’s a big opportunity as we look forward. Littoral combat ship and the work that we’re doing in that arena, there is interested international customers for that. In fact, we just launched the latest LCS at Marinette Marine this past week and we had international customers that attended that ceremony, so they’re interested in our products. We think there will be a demand for that as we go forward to C-130J. That aircraft continues to be in demand. We’ve got a solid backlog of aircraft and we expect that they’ll continue to be others. And now as we’ve rolled out our commercial version, we expect those commercial customers that today are flying L-100s, to fly the LM-100J in the future. So that will -- we'll continue to look at variance of the C-130J, just as we have for many, many years going forward. So, I kind of walk through on some of the top products in our portfolio. But as Bruce mentioned earlier, big opportunities in mission systems and components on various other platforms such as the combat rescue helicopter or the Presidential Helicopter, the MH-60 Romeo that we are selling around the world, that we do the mission systems for, out of our mission systems. Simulation and training continues to be a strong demand for that and overtime they will continue to be. And as you mentioned, our tuning with Boeing on the Long Range Strike-Bomber, we expect -- we are very well positioned to win that opportunity.
Marillyn Hewson: Well. Yes, we have heard that from our customers that, a concern by our customer that we lose our technological superiority in this period of time when there are budget pesters and it’s a down market. I would tell you from the Lockheed Martin standpoint, we have increased our R&D from last year to this year by 13%. We are going to increase another 5% this year or so and we will continue to. So we are at the highest percent of sales that we’ve ever been in terms of our research and development and we will be hiring in 2015. We will continue to invest. But I do think an open communication with our customer, especially in the Department of Defense is really important. And we are in constant dialog with them on what areas that we want to invest and how that aligns with what that they see as their priorities in the future. A lot of our products as you know require a lot of development on the front end such as F-35, or of course we look forward to JLTV that we talked about and a variety of them. So as we come out with products, we are constantly investing but we are investing in new technologies. We are looking at how do we help our customer get an advantage of our adversaries, we have things going on that we can’t talk about on this call. But certainly there is a lot of investment in new materials and new capabilities that we think our customers will need. So, yes, we are hearing it. And I think from the Department of Defense standpoint because they recognized that, I think they will in turn be looking at making sure that they invest in new technology and we expect to participate in that opportunity. We do cooperative research and development with universities and with other government labs as well. So when you look at our percent of IRAD, you have to add to that the things that we are doing there and collaborative CRAD type of things. We are -- we are major provider to DARPA. So the work that we do with DARPA is another example. So when you total it all up, you can’t just look at one number on the balance sheet. You have to take into account the type of work we do, the complexity of the products that we produce and how much research and development that takes on the front end in the development days as well as our independent research development and our work with DARPA and our CRAD.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, I’ll update, we are progressing well in the negotiations. So I think that we expect to see a closure on that in the near term. It’s for 43 aircraft is what, it’s the number of aircraft in that lot. So we’ll see larger number of aircraft in our update. We have -- its progressing very well and we had good discussion with the customer and we expect to conclude the negotiations in the near term.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks, Bruce. We will just wrap up now. I want to thank you all for joining us on the call today and just conclude by reiterating that the Corporation had another solid quarter. And we continue to be well-positioned to deliver substantial value to our customers and shareholders, as we progress towards a successful closure of 2014. So thanks again for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again on our next earnings call in January. Shannon, that concludes our call today. 
