Marillyn Hewson: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jason. I get just first to talk a little bit about R&D and new technology. We have been increasing our R&D expenditures over the past three years. This year we were up -- for 2014 we were up another 8%. And we're doing that because we're not going to cut back on R&D even though that our sales are not growing at the same trajectory that they have maybe for the past decade or so. Because it's really the lifeblood of our company and we are a technology company and we have to continue to invest. From our customers' perspective, we do spend time with our customer on our R&D plans. And lot of credit to Secretary Kendall in bringing us into the Pentagon to talk about our top IRAD expenditures and areas to make sure that we're well aligned with what the priorities are for the Department of Defense. And moreover, as we look at our customers around the world, we're looking at how do we invest in research and development that will allow us to secure new business and to grow our current business. Beyond that we're a long cycle business, so we're constantly looking at how we can continue to invest for the long-term as well. So it's a balance of both of those areas to make sure that we're looking at things that would be giving our allies and our customers an advantage over their adversaries for the long-term. In terms of how we address R&D and cooperative research and development, we kind of look at both of those elements as being an important part of investment, but we also are doing things that are beyond IRAD investment. For example, we use other avenues to develop next generation products and solutions. If you look at what we're doing on the U.S. Air Force's T-X competition that's coming out in 2017, we actually had teamed with South Korea to develop the T-50 supersonic trainer for their air force under an offset program and we're able to take that investment that we made in an offset program and point it toward the T-X competition. So that's a great example of where you might not necessarily see it in the value of an R&D investment that we're making those investments. I think if you look back, years back we did a similar thing on the C-130J which is just paying dividends for us in the markets that we're operating in with the C-130J program where we made investments in our business along that line. Taking it on beyond that into acquisitions, yeah, we did more historically than we have done this year in 2014. There are areas that we're continuing to penetrate into our core, such as our Zeta Associates acquisition and that being very much aligned with our core. Some areas such as the healthcare IT arena and Systems Made Simple is an area that is part of our IT work with the U.S. government where we've been frankly for the past 20 years, the top supplier of IT support, and this is an opportunity for us to bring more to markets like the VA medical, DoD medical, etcetera. The Astrotech acquisition we made in space launch is very much aligned with our core with services there. But then we're also looking at areas to bring in additional capability to the corporation in places where we want to take our core into new markets like [indiscernible] with the IT work we're doing in airports and things along that line. What I will say is that as we've said, we have a very strong cash deployment plan that we're going to follow, but we also are generating cash and we also have a lot of financing capability as a company. That debt capacity allows us to have the flexibility as we see additional opportunities for acquisition that make sense for us that allow us to continue to invest in M&A. So we'll be looking at acquisition that are, as you said, able to add capability, but also ones that open up new markets for us that are closely aligned to our core capabilities.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, I don't think you can look at the absolute dollars, honestly, because I think when you look at our portfolio and when you look at what we've done over the years, it's not a matter of percent of sales so much as it is the efficient expenditure of R&D dollars. So we've made choices in things such as JLTV, the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, which is a large opportunity that we're pursuing, that hopefully the award later this year will bring to us an opportunity that is a significant new growth market for us. And that started with an acquisition some years ago that brought some technology in and then we built on that technology. So it's not just the dollar level on a percent of sales. And the other thing is, if you look at things that if you look backward -- I mean I don't think we missed anything in terms of our portfolio and things that we have won because we have and invested in research and development for the long-term.
Marillyn Hewson: So, I'd say first off that the key areas of growth for us internationally are certainly in the missile defense area in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. Just as you mentioned, it's THAAD, its Aegis, Aegis Ashore, Patriot, potentially MEADS we hope to sell in addition to that F-35. I mean those are core and that's the majority of our growth in the international. It's our core business that we're growing. Now we are having some additional areas of growth and things like cyber, which is an expansion of work that we've been doing for years for the U.S. government that we're able to grow into other areas; our IT work. But the big dollar items within our growth in international are core business that we have, C-130Js, continue to sell F-16, the air and missile defense, the U.K. turret for the scout vehicle and for warrior, things of that nature. Hopefully that answers your question, Carter.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, first of all, LRSP I can tell you that we're teamed with Boeing. We think we have a very strong position on that program and pursing it, and there'll be a word sometime this year and that's all about I can tell you about them. I'm sorry, but that's that all I can say. In regard to JLTV, it’s a very significant opportunity for us. The RFP is out; our proposals are due early in February. And the award for that is projected again this year, we think mid-year, we don't know. Our guess is as good as yours as which quarter because as we know a lot of times protest immerge and things of that nature. But in terms of the program itself, it’s a big opportunity for us. Bruce, in terms of size I think you go ahead.
Marillyn Hewson: I could add on that one where we're going to produce it going to you talk about that. So it's in Camden Arkansas we have facility there where just this past year we went through the production readiness review with the U.S. Government and it was very successful and so we're excited about the opportunity on the JLTV.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question Doug. I would say that we spent a lot of time on our strategic planning as a company and keep a beat on what’s happening in the environment that we're operating in and we look both and where the opportunity are relative to growth in the DoD budget as well as you know our focus on the international market place. And we look at you know the -- sure there is a draw down in regions where we're bringing our war fighters home and that has some impact on things like our services business and things of that nature. But where the real opportunities for ours are is to not only continue to grow with the F-35 program, which today represents 17% of our sales and will continue to grow to a larger percentage in 2015 and beyond. As we just talked about, the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, JLTV is the big opportunity for us. We're looking forward to C-130J multiyear opportunity really to our combat ship and as the U.S. Navy moves forward with their 52 ship buy on the small surface combatant, so going beyond the current Littoral combat ship, those are all areas for growth. And as we -- we believe that we do have the strongest portfolio. So we're constantly looking at as the U.S. Government determines where they have to recapitalize, then can't sit still either even though in this current timeframe may be the situation in terms of a war environment is not as high. Will they use up a lot of aircraft and a lot of systems and vehicles in those wars and they've got to recapitalize and when we believe we're well positioned to take advantage of that because we are continuing to focus on providing greater capability and new technology and take an advantage of that advanced technology. So that’s where our R&D, our bid proposal etcetera, on facilities we have looked at how we take capacity out. We've taken out over seven million square feet of capacity since 2009, but at the same time, we've opened some new labs, we've opened up some new areas. So I think what we try to do is adjust our capacity to not only the business space, but to the areas where we need to invest to continue to grow as a business. So I think we do a good job of assessing the changes in the environment that we're operating in and we adjust our facilities, our investments and our pursuit of acquisitions and research and development funding accordingly.
Marillyn Hewson: Well we're really not seeing any pull back on their expenditures on national security, because that in terms of their priority, that's very important and it's true that for a lot of our key countries, that's an important source of revenue for them. But when you look at countries like the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar and others, they have very substantial government reserves and so what they're looking at -- as long as the prices don’t stay down for a long extended time, which none of us know how that will play out, but we've not seen anything that would impact our portfolio and what we bring. So no change so far on their critical means, they still have -- they will operate in dangerous neighborhoods and they still have needs for missile defense and tactical aircraft and range of communications systems. Perhaps there may be some pressure on some of our less priority programs such as IT upgrades, or services, or things of that nature, but in terms of the big ticket items and the items that I am having the dialogue with them about it has not come up. I think they're very much focused on their highest priority requirements and those happened to be the things that we can bring to them as we move forward.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks, Myles. Well, first an answer to your question, we achieved 20% of our total sales of an international sales in 2014. So we're pleased with that and we have over $20 billion in our backlog at year-end of that. We've set a new goal to get 25% over the next few years. Our growing international area is an important element of our strategy and growth for the company, and we see a lot of expanding demand for international growth, expanding demand on missile defense, on aircraft programs on a range of things. To your question about foreign policy and normalization and things of that nature, in my discussion with our customers that really isn't coming up. I mean it's very clear to the Middle East region that that dialogue is going on. But, front and center for them are the needs they have today, what their critical national requirements are today. So, our discussion is that -- is around those national security needs that they have and there're certainly plenty of threat in the region. Just the volatility, even if there're maybe some kind of deal done with Iran, there is volatility all around the region. And each one of these countries believes they've got to protect their citizens and the things that we can bring to them help in that regard. So similarly, that's the Middle East and I know that's what you asked about, but you could take that same argument to the Asia-Pacific region, which is another growth area for us. A lot of volatility, a lot of instability, a lot of things that are happening both with North Korea as well as some of the tension between China and Japan and -- so in both of those regions which are growth areas for us we expect that there's going to continue to be opportunities for us to bring our capabilities to them.
Marillyn Hewson: Sure. Thanks Jerry. I just want to wrap up the call by again saying that the corporation achieved another excellent year in 2014 and we continue to be well positioned to deliver substantial value to our customers and our stockholders as we moved strongly in 2015. So thanks again for joining the call today. We look forward to speaking to you again in our next earnings call in April. Shannon that concludes our call today.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. So, Pete, let me try that. I tried to give some of this in the October call, but I think it's probably worth repeating just to make sure everyone is on the same page. So, I think the simple math would say you did $3.9 billion in 2014; you did $2 billion of pension contribution. It seems like you should be around $5.9 billion versus the $5 billion. I think there’s kind of two or three pieces, probably two that drive most of that. One is we have additional -- because of the $1 billion contribution made at the end of the year '14, we're going to get actually tax deductions worth about $350 million in '14 that won't carry over into 2015. We also had in '14 a tax refund of about $0.25 billion, so $250-ish million or so I think was the number. So that's what $600 million or so, a sort of bridge from just a cash taxes, if you will, either refunds or cash out for taxes. And then the last thing, if you just look at our -- at the level of income that we're projecting from 2014 and 2015, we're down a couple hundred million dollars, so if you just translate those earnings into cash that pretty much makes up the difference about $900 million. And again, I'll remind you, Pete, we keep saying we're expecting to be a little greater than $5 billion and I think that potential is still there.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. I think, Noah, the -- I think the RFP came out and there's they're asking for various production quantities over various years, sort of the stated number of vehicles is somewhere around 17,000 vehicles and you can probably do the math as well as anyone as far as what that total production program would be for. But it’s -- we should think about it as a multi-billion dollar sort of award for the initial proposal which is the development program in the first few LRIP contracts. And then it's got potential obviously well beyond that for both additional domestic vehicles as well as the international market place. So this is although the initial award that we're expecting to have happened this year hopefully without protest pushing it out is not all that sizable. The strategic opportunity is very great.
Bruce Tanner: Hi Sam. I’ll take that one on. So you're right, we talked about roughly $900 million in acquisitions in the year. I think the inorganic growth in the year 2014 was about a little less than $250 million. And you should think of that growing to about three quarters of a billion dollar or so, about a $0.5 billion increase in inorganic growth year-over-year from '14 to '15. So that’s sort of where we see that playing out there. I think it's important to note that in our planning of 2015 and what we've talked about up to this point is all based on the current Budget Control Act without consideration of what Marillyn was talking about in her opening remarks about the potential increase in the FY '16 budget. As we look at that, the interesting thing, and I know, I've talked to you guys about this in some of the investor conferences, I think the interesting thing is not necessarily what happens with the FY '16, it's what happens with the budget beyond FY '16 because if you just get the spike in FY '16 and then you go back down to the Budget Control Act, you really go back down to levels that cause an elaboration in '16 and then you're back square one in FY '17 and beyond and it doesn’t make a whole lot of sense from a strategic planning perspective. I'll say even with that scenario, again we don’t have either spike in FY '16 in our planning outlook, nor do we have anything in FY '17 and beyond. We do believe, we will start to see growth in FY '16 and particularly within the aeronautics business areas where we're expecting to see growth and I'll say, as I sit here today Sam, I feel pretty comfortable actually saying we're going to see some growth -- organic growth starting in FY '16 or 2016 above the 2015 level. And at least our planning, Sam, for years beyond '16 assumes that that growth continues. So we're sitting actually looking forward to that with the potential for hopefully some good news coming out of the budget -- the President's budget process in the not too distant future.
Bruce Tanner: So David, I think your map is pretty accurately. We were a little bit flat. I am just looking at some numbers here in terms of the production program. We actually had a overall profit actually -- let me just take a peak here. Overall profit actually was up slightly on the F-35 program in total, the production program and that’s primarily because of the lack of the SPD write-off that we took in 2013. But the production program was fairly flat in terms of total profit dollars and actually the margin was down. I think that’s the point that you're have talking at. We had some step ups on the production early contracts in 2013. We had some planned step-ups in 2014, some of which we took, but not all of which that we had planned did we take in 2014. So that got pushed off to the right and that caused the situation that you're describing in 2014. As we look forward to 2015, I am still expecting and I know we've talked about this as recently as the Investor Conference we had in Fort Worth. I am still expecting a 100 basis points or more improvement in the F-35 production program margins between 2014 and 2015. And we're hopeful that that trend will continue at least year-over-year sequential increase in the margins on the production program in years thereafter, but the biggest spike we're expecting is between 2014 and 2015. And I think a big reason for that maybe -- we closed the year pretty strong from a production perspective on the F-35 program. We had a month -- almost a two-month delay in production activities or at least delivery of the aircraft because of the engine anomaly that occurred in 2014. Yet we made all 36 aircraft delivers. We actually had a chance to exceed that number. So I think as we closed out the year, things were looking and feeling better on the production program than say when we started the year and I am hopeful that that trend will continue into 2015 and that’s what we're banking on with that margin increase. On the customer advances, that I think the actually burn is about -- we're expecting it to go down about another couple $100 million or so. You're right, it was down about a $0.5 billion from '13 to '14. Some of that is simply the nature of -- we're actually seeing a little bit of conversion from and I think we've talked about this from some of our direct commercial sales contracts to more and more FMS contracts that tend to get negotiated concurrently with the U.S. Government buys. We're seeking that for instance on the F-35 program with aircraft and we're seeing that also on a lot of missile program be they Hellfire missile, [indiscernible] PAC-3 and the like. So a lot of the -- a lot of the historical and this is just in large part due to the customer change, but a large part because of the F-35 growth, which is all going to be FMS in the near term. We're seeing some burn down of sort of the legacy, direct commercial sales. It has not been replaced by new commercial sales down payments in part because those are in fact FMS contract. Kind of long-winded answer to that question, David. Hope that makes sense for you.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so Joe, I’ll take that one as well. So we always go through at every year thinking that there is a planned level of booking rates and especially on programs that are early in their life cycle as is the F-35. And in 2014, we had planned to have some increases on the production program and again for the reasons that I described to David, some of that were simply in the early part of the year it made no sense whatsoever to have margin increases when we're actually sitting ideal because of the engine anomaly. And that did cause some disruption overall to the performance at about first half of the year leaking into the second half of the year and so that caused some of those increases to get pushed out just as I described. That's the reason I was making the point. I think where we ended the year was a good point for us on the production programs. And that does give us the confidence that 2015 you will see those step ups made. And that's the reason for the margin improvement that I talked about with David. And again, our expectation is a little bit spiky from '14 to '15 in terms of a pretty good sized jump in the margins on the production program, but thereafter we continue to expect that margin to increase year-over-year as we go through the production program.
Bruce Tanner: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. So let me give you just sort of a -- may be a long-winded answer to the question. So F-16 deliveries -- I think to keep this up in the past, we're going to drop -- I think I keep this up in the October call. We had about 17 -- not about, we had 17 aircraft deliveries for the F-16 program in 2014. We're building about one a month, you should think of it. So we're looking at about 11 or 12 deliveries probably in 2015. I think current contract schedule would consist of 11 aircraft there. On the C-130, we're at a pretty steady build rate between years. We did 24 aircrafts in 2014. We would expect to do 24 aircrafts in 2015 as well. And that's -- again that's the expectation. That's sort of a good build rate. In fact; we'd prefer to sort of build with that steady rate as oppose to having sort of spikes that would cause us to have a little bit of disruption. We'd rather build at that steady rate. And with the backlog that we have in the program, we're able to do that. C-130 multi-year, so we got I'd say some partial funding on that at the end of 2014, and we expect to close the rest of that, the balance of that in 2015, but the value is not as large as it was at the end of the year, the sort of partial funding, on a fiscal year basis towards that multi-year. Joe, maybe inherent in the question -- I'm sorry, I didn't talk about the F-35 program. So we did 36 aircraft deliveries in 2014. That number is going to increase probably in the 40, maybe a couple more than that. We're actually working with the joint program office later in the month of February to sort of finalize the production delivery plans. And we do that because it actually does require resources on both sides, both the government resources as well as company resources to do this. So we'll have a better idea and more definitive idea of the F-35 deliveries next -- probably next time we talk to you in April. But I would expect that we'll be somewhere in again the 40, may be a couple more than that as we said here today. And then the last aircraft program I guess for the Aeronautics business area, we delivered seven C5s in 2014, we expect that number to go up to nine deliveries. And I think we stayed at about that level probably until the program winds down through the last delivery of the C5 modernization program. One thing while we're talking aircrafts and deliveries and quantities, Joe, I want to make sure that everyone understands as at least we look at sort of the phasing of our revenue in 2015 it's going to be bit on an odd year. We're very, very heavily weighted in the second half. The first quarter, in particular, is very unusually low, or we expect it to be very unusually low on a compare basis because of our delivery phasing. And that's both associated with the Aeronautics aircraft that I just talked about. I think we've got two fewer F-16s in the first quarter and two fewer C-130s both in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the first quarter of 2014. But combined that with the fact that Missiles and Fire Control is going to have a pretty significant drop off in the first quarter of deliveries of their missile programs, both tactile missiles, PAC-3s and the like. We could see the first quarter revenue being down as much as say 5% year-over-year compared to the first quarter of 2014. And then, obviously, it will build from that point on to the levels that we're seeing for the full year for 2015, so a little bit of an unusual pattern for us. We always have the pattern where the fourth quarter is higher than the rest, but we're starting off 2015, our least expectation probably a little lower than it ordinarily would.
