Jay Malave: Let me walk you through the reconciling item here on your first question, Doug. So, first, when we ended the second quarter, our backlog was 169 aircraft. If you assume, say, the midpoint of 2022 of our guide, let's say, 150 aircraft that says that we would be delivering about another 89 aircraft in the back half of the year. That would take our backlog down to 80 aircraft. With the 375, that puts us at 455. So, if you assume again at the midpoint for 2023 and 2024 of about 100 aircraft -- 150 aircraft, that puts you at 300. That leaves about 155 for 2025. And so maybe one short to the 156 in 2025, but pretty much right there. As far as the lower outlook, a lot of that was incorporated in our negotiation on Lot 15 to 17 in terms of the factors, we've talked about before as far as impacts from COVID, impacts in supply chain, also lower volumes and other factors. And all of that was taken into consideration in the negotiation with the Joint Program Office. The margins themselves at the end of the day, the way the contract is structured as we finalize this is there will be some level of fixed price to it and some level of incentive to it. So, we're incentivized to perform and provide delivery, to provide delivery as well as quality targets to the customer. If we can perform to our expectation in those improvements, then we wouldn't see any type of dilution to our margins today. And we're confident we can perform to those levels.
Jay Malave: Sure, Richard. Yeah, let me get started on that. I think the takeaway here in the closing remarks is that -- as I mentioned, the environment has improved from where it was a year ago. And along with that, our pipeline has certainly grown. And I'll throw maybe a couple of examples to that. We've seen, I think, in the press in terms of higher demand, and we've seen new contracts on the F-35. There's also interest on the F-16 with international partners and customers. And we've talked about we've got a backlog today of 128 aircraft. We're pleased to have Germany coming to the fold -- or I'm sorry, Jordan come into the fold as well. But beyond that we've talked about a pipeline 300 to 400 additional aircraft. That pipeline has grown to about 500 aircraft, given what we've seen over the past six months, six to 12 months. And so in our Aero, in these aircraft, we see incremental opportunities. I'd say similarly in our Missiles and Fire Control, both on the air and missile defense side as well as tactical missile side, we've seen inquiries on foreign military sales. And that pipeline has grown as well, and that's in, say, the multibillion dollars of opportunity. Things like -- things that have been out there in the press, whether it's Javelin, HIMARS as well as PAC-3 opportunities. It's important to remember that in the PAC-3 we are increasing our outlook and our production schedules to begin with. And so the question is how much higher can we take it over the next number of years. As this correlates and I mentioned in my remark that we’ll gain more clarity in terms of how these things will actually manifest themselves into real contracts. The reality is today, none of it is under contract. And so we're trying to get a better understanding what the timing, of which these will come into contract and then getting a better understanding of our supply chain capability to determine when we can actually deliver. But I can say with some level of reasonable confidence is that our orders and backlog outlook over the next two years will be better than it was a year ago. But that will still take some time to convert to revenues beyond that time period.
Jay Malave: Jay, I wanted to ask about the pension. So I saw you mark-to-market with the pension transfer. So $50 million worse this year, but what does that mean for -- based on where things are today, given big time negative asset returns, what are you thinking about for pension in the next couple of years relative to what you guided for prior? I think it was $2.3 billion in pension income in 2023 and $2 billion in 2024. Thanks.
Jay Malave: Yes. Good question, David. This year, excluding the impact of the one-ime charges, we're $2.2 billion for the total FAS/CAS adjustment. I'll break it down. On the FAS side, interestingly, is you're right, David. The assets -- not only did we lose $4.3 billion worth of assets with the pension transfer, but the returns are lower, too. And so that will impact our returns next year. But that is essentially entirely offset by lower amortized losses associated with the pension transfer that we just took. So I would expect our pension, our total adjustment in our FAS is going to be flat. So about 400 – in 400 and change this year to be about 400 and change next year. Similarly, on CAS, we're seeing similar types of effects where next year, the CAS costs will be similar to what it was this year. That is higher than what we are anticipating it to be coming into this year for 2023. So, we'll have to evaluate whether that has any impact on the backlog of our contract, but when you look at it year-over-year, it's essentially flat. Going beyond that, we'll have to kind of update you, I think, in our October call and we give the trending data. But I can say right now for '23, essentially flat.
Jay Malave: Yes. Good question, Cai. Going back in the beginning of the year, everyone was impacted by the latest variant that we had. And our operations were impacted, our supply chain operations were impact – and I think our ability to recover from that has been more challenging than we originally anticipated. We have seen some level of improvement in certain areas of not only our operations, but also our supplier operations. But we've also seen broken commitments at the same time. And so, it just caused us to reassess what this meant for the year.  And so, while we do see some improvement, our ability to recover the lost time in the beginning of the year has just become too much of a challenge. And that's really the question when you go beyond '22 now, is how -- does that ripple through? As you see -- Jim mentioned, the COVID impacts on the 135 as an example, we're seeing that ripple through, through multiple years. And so that's something that we just have to continue to evaluate and take a look at what that means to '23 and beyond.  As far as labor, labor has been an ongoing challenge, I think, for the industry as well as us. I think we've -- given the size and the scale of Lockheed Martin, I think that we've been able to weather it reasonably well. And as an example, on F-16, we've been able to take close to 50 employees out of a different operation, an international operation and bring it into Greenville, South Carolina to help us stand up and move quicker on the F-16 program. So, it just goes to the strength and the breadth that we have here at Lockheed Martin.  But nonetheless, it's been a challenge. Our ramp on that program is taking longer than we had originally anticipated largely because of the slower ramp in hiring employees. We're pretty laser-focused on it. We have a dedicated team -- HR team that is focused on hiring people. They are very focused on a particular radius to bring those people in, and I think we're on a good track now with our new schedule. We expect to deliver aircraft next year, and then we'll get to a more strong -- more of a run rate -- full capacity run rate for Greenville in 2024.  So hopefully, that answers all your questions, Cai. But again, it's been – again, supply chain has been choppy for the year. The reason why we took it -- took the expectation down is, we expect it to continue to be choppy for the remainder of the year. And we'll have to reassess it when we give our training data in terms of what it means for 2023 and beyond.
Jay Malave: So on Sikorsky, we expect to return to growth really starting in 2023 for that business. We're expecting, as you mentioned, the FLRAA decision, which we've been told which should be coming in September. We believe that we are the best choice for that platform, and that is a pillar of our growth. If you may recall, both John Mollard and Jim Taiclet had talked about the four pillars of growth, and one of those being new awards, FLRAA was one of those programs that we have talked about. And so, we expect to see incremental growth in 2023 and beyond. And that is on the back of the CH-53K, which is a program of record as well as new awards, FLRAA being the most significant.
Jay Malave: Okay. Good questions, George. Let me maybe go backwards. On the Space margin, you're right. We do have stronger ULA launches in the back half, which will give us lift. Offsetting that is where we're seeing some margin pressure, as we have growth on new programs as well as classified programs, which are coming with pretty low margins, which are pretty dilutive. And so, that's just putting some pressure on the margin in the back half of the year. We'll keep monitoring that, but that's pretty much where we are now. On the $210 million, that was basically the absence of the charge in the classified program last year in Aero. If you recall that the charge itself was $225 million in the second quarter last year. And then on the F-35, the delta, we said that the -- coming into the quarter and throughout my remarks at various conferences, the impact could be as high as $500 million. We were able to obtain some incremental funding, some international funding in the quarter, which helped us reduce that impact to this $325 million.
Jay Malave: It's an excellent question, Kristine. I think there could be some variability right now, but still TBD. As we mentioned -- Jim, in the opening remarks, we still need to definitize this particular agreement. We did see in the President's budget, specifically, really the 2023 budget would have had mostly impacting Lot 17 is where you see these lower reductions. They've talked about the funding constraints relative to the nuclear modernization and other items. And so that's something that we just keep monitoring. They did -- as you said, Kristine, in the unfunded priority list, wanted to add back 19 aircraft. Obviously, we're very supportive of that. And that's something that we're certainly pursuing. And we're confident there'll be something there, and it's really TBD over the next few months as Jim noted in his remarks. But there could be some upside, and we just have to let the process play out.
Jay Malave: Sure. Rob, our pillars are still intact. You mentioned hypersonics, and we're still pretty confident in our growth outlook there. And I just mentioned that our air-launched rapid response weapon program. We had two recent successful tests, one in May and one recently in July. And so we're very successful there with the capability that we continue to progress forward and where this is going. And so that's all really good news as far as our hypersonics capability and what we're providing and advancing from a technology standpoint. We've talked about our classified programs. We continue to progress there, and we continue to see the growth. I mentioned in my prepared remarks where we saw a significant growth in our Aero classified business this past quarter, and that's just one example of that being on track. We also had the third pillar of programs of record. We've talked about that we've got a ramp that's built into the PAC-3 and the question there is can that go higher and when. CH-53K, Jim mentioned the 200-plus aircraft there, and that's on track. We just as we -- as you know on our charts here, talked about the initial operating capability for the aircraft, and everything is moving forward as well there. We've talked about F-35 sustainment, a 6% CAGR between 2021 and 2026. And so those, again, remain pretty much intact. And then I just mentioned the competitive new wins. FLRAA is a big, big one. We've also got some other large programs, which are doing all the main type programs, Defense of Guam that Jim just spoke about. There's a similar type program in Australia for, called Air 6500, which is an important program for us, important program for the country. We talked about next-gen interceptor being a source of growth in the quarter. And that's something that's also in our new win category as well. And so these things are on track, and we've had this conversation about a growing pipeline. And I gave some color on that before in some of the Q&A. But again, the pipeline is growing. It just becomes a question of when that actually turns into orders and when that turns into revenue conversion.
Jay Malave: Yes. We’ve previously provided a multiyear outlook. It was generally flattish, Peter. And that was really due to our increased investment. Remember what we're doing, it's twofold. One on the investment is to get to fly -- the growth flywheel recranked, which is what we're laser-focused on. But as Jim mentioned, we're also investing on our core capability and efficiencies within our four walls. And our digital transformation is a significant investment and is a significant initiative to make sure that we can deliver efficiencies and also make ourselves more competitive. And so that is what's driving, generally, I'll call it, a flattish outlook from a free cash flow perspective. But having said that, going back to Jim's comments as far as efficiency, efficiency doesn't stop at the P&L and on the cost. We're also going to drive efficiency in our asset management, and that should be a source of better cash flow from where we are today. That's something that we have to take a look at. As Jim mentioned, we'll have to look at what that means from a trending perspective over the next few years that we'll provide in October. But the opportunity set is there for us to drive efficiency and even offset where we may have to provide buffer stock from a supply chain perspective and things like that. There's always opportunity to drive efficiency in our operations, and that's what we'll be focused on. And don't forget that we will -- we also in that talked about continuing to deliver around 100% of free cash flow to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchase. We remain committed to that, and there will be more to come as far as specifics in October.
Jay Malave: Yes. Good question, Matt. Very strong performance through the first half of the year in excess of 15%. We do expect it to step back down in the second half of the year. It's primarily due to lower step-ups and some contract mix. And so, we see some just against some of the newer classified programs ramp up. And then we see just the solid performance was really somewhat of an acceleration of good performance into the first half of the year versus the second half. And so that's just going to be a natural decline there.  Having said that, we did -- they are holding their profit in spite of the lower revenue outlook. And so, their margins are going up relative to what we thought coming into the year. So, we'll kind of -- we'll watch them because their performance has been solid, if anything, maybe there's a little bit of upside there. But again, it's just a function of the timing of what we see in terms of visibility to step up changes to profit rate adjustments and in the program contract mix.
Jim Taiclet: Yeah. And just to add to that, in response to your question there, Richard, is look, the DoD is in the midst of changing gears and so are our allies, right? So at the beginning of 2022, the administration was still in the midst of a relatively benign global security environment at least relative to now. The US has largely withdrawn from its military operations after two decades of heavy presence in the Middle East. China's increasing activism in the Western Pacific, while recognized was perceived as kind of a potential concern, a watch item for the future, if you will. Europe was totally at peace, and Russian forces remained within their borders at that point in time. But if you fast forward to today, the US and its allies are actively responding to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Pacific is on higher alert because of the statements and actions of China recently, not to mention North Korea. The value of deterrence has never been greater really at this point now. And that shift happened over literally three or four months. What that requires is the Department of Defense to shift gears, okay? And I can tell you the clutch isn't engaged yet. And the clutch engaged means there are contracts in place. There's a demand signal out there that's clear. There's funding appropriated by the US Congress in the case of the United States. And we're producing, as Jay said, with a supply chain that's robust enough to support it. To get the clutch to engage is going to take two to three years. And that's for our allies as well because they not only have to go through their own processes internally. They then have to go through generally the foreign military sales process. And for the kinds of systems that Jay outlined, the US government is probably going to continue to insist that we mostly use the FMS process to contract with foreign -- through them to foreign governments for these kinds of equipments like F-35 and F-16 and HIMARS, et cetera. So we actually have a match to our original strategy, which was for the next couple of years, we were expecting relatively flat defense budgets in the US, not a lot of concern out in the allies. That's all changed. But we're aiming for the company and for the share count to be ready for an inflection point now again, in 2024 and beyond, the middle of the decade. This unfortunate situation in global security having deteriorated can only bolster our inflection point from where it would have been. And along with that, we're doing the integration of our signature platforms that everybody seems to want right now into that 21st Century Security fabric, which will make them, we think, even more attractive. And then we'll bring in our counterparts along onto that open architecture going forward. So I do think that it's going to take a while for the clutch to engage here, both in the US and internationally. But the demand in the situation that our customer base is facing has dramatically changed over the last three, four months.
Jim Taiclet: And the timing, we think on FLRAA or at least what the Army has stated is that, there is a decision to be announced in September of 2022. That slipped a month or two from the original plan, but we're expecting and hoping for a good news on that front when the announcement is made.
Jim Taiclet: So, Rob, let me start, it's Jim here, on sort of the overall strategic approach that we have and then I'll turn it over to Jay for some of the programmatic details and color. So, look we're focusing on the things we can control versus what we can't control, right? So, what we can't control right now is the level of inflation-adjusted defense budget, which, given 9%-ish inflation, is pretty flat. We can't control the duration of US government and the FMS processes, although we're advocating for those to be speeded up and streamlined. We can't control the timing of legacy programs, so sunsetting, if you will, or at least a reduction in rate volume like Black Hawk, for example. We can't control COVID virus and its effects on the supply chain and our own people. But what we can focus on is our strategic approach of running this company to maximize free cash flow per share in any circumstance, right? So, during this time of, as you pointed out, pressure on topline revenue, we've really used our dynamic capital allocation approach to -- in a slow revenue growth period to still drive by R&D and CapEx because we want to invest for the future growth, but at the same time, ramp up share repurchase and we're going to continue on that path as well. The goal then is to take down the share count in the relatively low growth period. So when the high-growth period comes about, you've got kind of a turbocharger on the investors' basis, if you will. So we think shareholder value inflection point comes mid-decade because the revenue growth we expect to ramp in, we're doing a lot on the efficiency side, something we can control over the next two, three years with our digital transformation and other cost control efforts that we've actually redoubled recently. And so we're going to continue to invest in the business, and so we can make that -- during this period so we can make that inflection point as attractive as possible for you as we expect it to come. So, with that I’ll offer it back to Jay to give you some of those four-pillar details.
Jim Taiclet: So -- and Jay can add to this. We'll look out to the next few years with some, sort of, trending information later in the fall. So I don't want to speak to numbers. But what we can speak to is, again, the reduction in share count. We hope and expect to have ramping revenue down the road, which we should be able to convert into cash flow. So without getting into magnitudes, that's the mechanics of how we are planning for this to play out. But Jay, if you want to add more.
Jim Taiclet: It's too soon to tell. There are some initiatives ongoing from some of the services in the Department of Defense to put more energy behind replenishment. But that's early in their process. So, we don't have full visibility to it. We're supporting it, of course, and making sure they understand what the capacity capabilities are over the next two, three years to get up to higher volumes. But those actual decisions on timing and budgets will come from the services and the Department of Defense and through the administration. So, we can't really comment on the specifics of that. We do expect it to come, though. It's a matter of timing as I kind of outlined earlier.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. I just want to first thank all the men and women of Lockheed Martin for their dedication to our mission and their continuing commitment in spite of COVID and other stresses that all of us are facing in our personal and professional lives now. But all those stresses in spite of those, they're providing truly innovative and comprehensive mission solutions for our customers, which is really where I think our whole industry needs to go, as mission solution in addition to great exquisite platforms and effective systems.  So I want to thank you all, investors, again, too, for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking to you again, as Jay said, in October for our next earnings call. So Brad, that concludes the call. Everybody, I hope to have a great rest of the week.
