Marillyn A. Hewson: Hello.Doug Harned – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I’m interested in your discussion of the international orders and if you could give a description of what the regional mix of your bookings has been in 2013? And then in particular there’s been a lot of strong rhetoric coming out of the Middle East and some has been critical of U.S. policies in the region. I’m interested in understanding, are you seeing a slowing in the completion of contracts there; certainly there’s been approvals for a lot of potential sales to that region, but it appears you haven't really seen the commensurate amount of orders, and I’d say across the industry. So perhaps you could comment on that.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Doug, I’ll add on to that about your question relative to U.S. policies and if that’s pulling down the completion of contracts and how it's affecting our ability in sales around the world. Over the past year, I mean I’ve literally flown around the world to a lot of different locations and spent a lot of time meeting with customers and listening to them. And frankly what they’re looking for is for our help. They face a lot of serious challenges relative to their national security and they also have a lot of citizen services that they need to conduct and, so they are talking to us about specific areas of concern and things that we can help them with. So, I don’t see an impact of U.S. policies on the dialogue that I’m having with them from the standpoint of our portfolio and what we can provide to them. And our priority for me and for the leadership team is that we get out and we listen and we meet with them and we understand what it is that they want and need. And frankly we’re very confident that we’re well positioned from growth because of the items that Bruce talked about, but just in general our portfolio, the Tactical Aircraft that we have, the Airlift Mobility Aircraft, our Integrated Air Missile Defense, IT, Cyber Security, Space Situational Awareness, I mean I could walk you around on portfolio. These are the types of things that they need in their countries.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Let me just speak to portfolio, Jason. Your question around we have the right mix and what are we looking at over the next few years, I would say if we just look at how we've built the backlog over the last 40 years, that demonstrates the strength of our portfolio in recent years. And as you look at the situation with the domestic budget, with the U.S. budget and our portfolio and the ability for our customers now to be able to focus on their priorities, I think we're well aligned. I'm very happy with our portfolio. It looks like it will be well supported in the budget and we know that we have strong demand internationally for our missile defense, for tactical aircraft, air mobility, the whole range of our primary platforms that we offer. Even we're looking at opportunities for the Littoral Combat Ship variant and as well as the range of services businesses within IT and cyber security and the communication series. So I'm very happy with the portfolio. I think we're in very good shape for the next few years and we'll continue as we always do to assess it and adjust it as we need to. But at this point, I think it looks very good.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well, thanks for the compliment there Joe. I mean, that’s a team sport in this company. So great credit goes to the entire team for what I would consider exceptional performance for the year. It has been a very strong year. And I think what we did in the past year has really positioned ourselves for continued success and a lot of work that the team has done or has been very proactive in strengthening our core business and our international business. We have rolled out what we call Lockheed Martin International, which is a leadership focus and resource focus at the enterprise level to grow our international business. We already do a lot of business internationally in over 70 countries, but we want to put a concerted focus on that from an enterprise view and bring the full depth and breadth and strength of our portfolio to the international marketplace. So that is something we initiated in the middle of ’13 and that will be one of the imperatives that we will be focused on as we move forward in 2014 and beyond. Another thing that we initiated in a great way, we’ve been on this path, but we took it to another level with our proactive steps and streamlining our operations and improving our cost structure. And as Bruce went through, we announced several things in the fourth quarter. We’ve been on that path, but we took it to another level of looking at our capacity utilization relative to what we see as our workload and making sure that we remain competitive and have that competitive position as we continue to grow in the future. And then the third element that we’ve been focusing inside and outside the corporation on is our view of being a technology leader and our innovation. We talk about innovation with purpose because it’s -- the missions that we support in our company are what attracts people to Lockheed Martin to work in this company because we do some of the most important work in the world. But its work that involve very interesting and complex solutions that we bring to customers, which means a lot of innovation and invention that our company does and we are going to stay focused on delivering those innovative solutions to what are the needs of our customers today, but also as we look at what their needs are for tomorrow. So we are continuing to invest in research and development and continuing to keep a climate for our workforce where they -- it’s an innovative culture that continues to focus on that. As I said earlier, I think we’ve got the right portfolio and the business in terms of meeting our customers’ needs. We will constantly look at keeping that portfolio relevant, continuing to invest in the things that we think our customers going to need. So being that leading technology provider of doing everything from fighting cyber criminals to the fifth generation fighter that’s addressing unique in needs around the world. So my focus as we continue forward as a company is that we’re going to continue to our strategy that has been working focused on our core and international business and deliver those innovations while at the same time maintaining a focus on affordability and streamlining our operations. The last thing I would add is that we have a strong focus on making sure that we're listening to our customers and that we are actively engaged with them on an ongoing basis, so that as their needs change and as they face additional complexities whether it's budget pressures or global security challenges that we understand what their needs are and that we're there listening to help adjust those needs with the products and capabilities that we can bring forward.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Sure. Thanks for the questions. I don't think you should sense a major shift in our strategy. We have a strategy that we've been working on relative to our core business. It's just where we are going to market as we look at what's happening in the domestic business and budget; it's going to be flat for the next couple of years. So we recognize in order for us to maintain and hopefully grow our businesses to align with where our customers are, have the budgets and have the needs for our products which is in the pivot to Asia as well as in the Middle East. So a lot of things that we offer in those regions is because that's where the demand is and actually that's where U.S. government services are focusing, and that's a good integration where we can bring our products and capabilities. Relative to the portfolio, I mean I think if you just step back and look at – let's begin with the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35, that's a very significant element of our portfolio. It is one that represents 16% of our revenue in 2013 and it's going to continue to grow. We've got the eight international partners. We have security cooperation partners with digital in Japan. We have other countries that are looking at it with South Korea, with Singapore, with others that I think will – that are interested in the Middle East that have expressed their interests. So I still see that as something that is a differentiator for us because no one else has a fifth generation fighter and it's a unique capability that is needed around the world. At the same time, the F-16, as Bruce was talking about the backlog on the F-16, there is still a strong demand for the F-16 around the world and there are opportunities for upgrades. We're doing the upgrades in Taiwan, opportunities in Singapore and we'll see other opportunities here. So that piece of our business continues. Missile defense in that arena with THAAD, PAC-3, the Aegis Systems, MEADS and our opportunities for MEADS, all affordable systems that have the full domain and very strong in terms of air and missile defense. And then the whole satellite components to come with that as well. Our targeting systems with Sniper, MTAD, Arrowhead, those also continue to be in demand around the world; cyber security, C4ISR. If you just step back and look at this portfolio and the range of capabilities we have and the depth and breadth and experience that we have, I really stand behind the fact I do believe we have the best portfolio, the best positioned portfolio for the needs today. And we're not going to rest on our laurels, we're going to continue to invest in that portfolio and continue to keep it relevant and stay abreast of where our customers are moving and invest in technologies and things that take them forward. You've probably seen similar things that we're looking at in terms of longer range opportunities, directed energy or advanced capabilities and manufacturing advance materials in the energy space. So we've got a lot of things that are more in our adjacent areas and areas that both in our core are adjacent that we're going to continue to invest in. But the basic core portfolio that we have is well positioned and I think well supported by the U.S. budget and great demand internationally.
Marillyn A. Hewson: I don't have much to add to that. We have looked at it closely. Of course, the DoD budget is something we watch closely and so as we saw the bill get passed and looked at the outlook, I mean, we're basically flat for the next two years within that budget does start to increase. So, when you take that coupled with our strong portfolio and the ability for the DoD to decide where they want to spend their money as opposed to it being an across the board cut, we think we are well positioned and allowing them to make those kinds of decisions through a non-sequestration environment is what, how we're going to hold up well and we will be differentiated. So, I am of the mind that we're -- as Bruce said, we have looked at it a lot, we are at the bottom or near the bottom and we should see an increase in the next few years.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well, first of all I mean, there is strong support for our program as we've looked at it across the entire portfolio and we've looked at every one of our major programs to see how they hold up, and I would say in large measure that we are strongly supported. The F-35 showed some cuts, but it appears that those are primarily in the government fund side. If you look at our multi-year order on Orion, the opportunities we have for multi-year on C-130J and it’s just a matter of getting through that process. I think we are in a good position. In terms of your comments about inflation and continuing to stay after managing our cost, we are absolutely going to do that. This is a team that understands that, this leadership team is well experienced of that and we work it every day and we'll continue to do so. We're not going -- we've been, I think very proactive over the last several years and we've recognized that, that is an ongoing thing to constantly stay abreast of what our cost positions are and streamline our business so that we can continue to be competitive.
Marillyn A. Hewson: No, we’re not perfect as any business is not perfect. But when we look at the breadth of our business and the ability to bring our very talented workforce to bear with the technologies and opportunities that we have to keep our business relevant, there's no program that's out there, no major one that's sun setting and we look at our production rates there either maintaining or they're growing across our major programs. So, I think I stand by my position. We got a strong portfolio and we're going to weather this flat period and then continue to grow. So let me just wrap up for the call today. I appreciate all the questions from all of you today, and I just want to conclude by saying again that, I believe that our 2013 results mark another year of continued high performance in a challenging environment, and they demonstrate that we continue to be well positioned to provide solutions to our customers and value to our shareholders. If you look at our records backlog of work, our robust cash generation, our solid balance sheet and the exceptional execution of our employees, I'm confident that it's going to continue to propel our corporation forward in 2014 and beyond. And it's really due to the integrity, the performance and the innovation of our workforce that we're going to be able to support our customers in their essential mission. So, thank you again for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you in our next earnings call in April. Shannon that concludes our call today.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, Doug, I’ll take the first part, and I think Marillyn is probably better for the second half of the equation. So, I’m trying to think like off the top of my head I’m not sure I’ve got the numbers committed to memory frankly for what it is by region. So I’ll give kind of a broad brush answer there. I would say, I did take a look at this. I think 2013 we had the highest order of concept for international activity we had in the history of the corporation. And as Marillyn said in her opening remarks, I think our backlog right now in terms of international versus domestic is somewhere between 23% to 25% of our total backlog. So, one of the reasons we’ve tried to tee up the notion that we could grow our international sales from 17% to 20% is because we expected to see that backlog materialize in the form of those orders are they were received and we’ll start to see. We ended the year 2013 with 17% of our sales internationally, you’ll see that number grow is our expectation in 2014. Probably not quite to the 20%, but a little bit below that is our expectation. If I was to give sort of the regional split in 2014; yeah, I think it's heavily weighted towards Asia and the Middle East Doug, although I don’t have the splits there. I know we’ve got a number of orders that took place in our airlines business including some C-130 for Saudi Arabia. We had a couple of 18 aircrafts for Iraq for F-16. So, while I don’t have again the numbers committed to memory, I am pretty certain Doug it would be heavily weighted towards Asia and the Middle East.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. No, a very perceptive question, and so I think we had nearly $800 million use of cash if you will for pensions in 2013, and with $1.6 billion in recoveries and $1 billion of contributions we’re looking at about $600 million of positive cash in 2014. So, roughly a $1.4 billion swing, I think that’s at the heart of your question; why isn’t that showing up in terms of cash differential between 2013 and 2014? So, there’s a lot of moving pieces to that question. Recall in the fourth quarter of 2012 we made $2.5 billion pension contribution. The tax benefits of that pension contribution showed up in the first quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter of 2013 we made $750 million pension contribution, the tax benefits of that show up in the first quarter of 2014, and some of the 600 plus I think million dollar swing from just a taxes paid perspective for just the pension contributions made in ’12 and ’13 that affected tax paid in ’13 and ’14 if you follow that. Secondly we had and if you ever heard about this, we disclosed this in our 10-Q and 10-Ks, we had some withholds associated with the business systems rules for systems like Earned Value Management and some others, and almost all of the withholds associated with those activities were recovered in the year 2013 and those won't be replicated obviously in 2014. We had the LRIP 5 and LRIP 6 contract definitizations for F-35 that occurred in 2013 and brought with it sort of some cash, up cash for the definitization associated with those two contracts that again will not occur in 2014. We had lower joint venture cash or are expecting lower joint venture cash in 2014 than just 2013 in part because of just lower volume but there was also some reimbursement items that the JV contributed to the parents [ph] in '13 that we'll replicate in '14. And finally we got roughly $150 million or so restructured cash that's associated with the severance payments that we're making in 2014 that were higher than obviously mid 2013. So, I know there was a mouthful. There was a lot of moving pieces there, but that's sort of the lion's share, if you will, of why that pension cash swing doesn't translate necessary to even higher cash in 2014.
Bruce L. Tanner: Sure. Bill, I'll take those as well. So the goodwill – once you start moving some of the businesses associated with the goodwill into different reporting units in the corporation, unfortunately you kind of loose the track of the original business area in terms of where that goodwill resided. And those businesses have been reorganized over the past few years, so it's very difficult to kind of pinpoint sort of the original origin of the goodwill itself. The type of businesses that this was acquired for are services businesses, as the name implies, technical services. Think of that as a lot of in-country support of the troops, so aircraft maintenance, actually some aircraft piloting vehicle maintenance, that sort of thing, mostly Army in nature. I think about three-quarters of this business or so is probably U.S. Army base and as we've seen the reductions in troop drawdown in particular in Iraq and most recently in Afghanistan that the revenue volume of this business has dropped off fairly dramatically. And again that's sort of what our expectations are going forward as well. So let's see, I think the other question was on the – well, I should back up. You asked the question about how does this translate – my words now, how does this translate to other businesses? As I said in the prepared remarks we do, do an annual impairment assessment at the end of every year. And the types of contracts that are in tech services, some of those types of contracts are in other parts the business. I think as we sit here today, as I said in my remarks, we have clearance right now and we're not at this time concerned about another or being at risk of a goodwill impairment going forward and that's with the plans and expectations that we have in the long range planning that we put together here today. So, if that turns out to be different we'll revisit that next year. And finally the $30 million as far as the cost to market, we took a look at some inventory that we had on some of our contracts and just assessed that it's being worked – not worked as much as we had anticipated in some of our training and logistics businesses, and I think that's a little bit reflected of just the way the market is playing out for us right now.
Bruce L. Tanner: So, Jason, I'm assuming you're asking upsize for cash in 2014 versus say over time. I think we have probably typical planning convention. The special we do with some of our international contracts, we tend to have assumptions of maybe less advances, less positive cash flows in our planning than perhaps we actually end up negotiating. I hope that's the case again this year. We obviously have some contracts – some fairly large contracts that we hope to de-finitize. I'd like to think we could get some of the billing arrangement with some of those contracts with slightly better terms than we have in our planning. And that's been our history frankly. I think we've been doing that and sort of improving our cash flow throughout the year. I think the whole organization from sort of the business side to the program management side, all has that as an objective and that's something that we strive for very hard. So while not obviously embedded in the numbers, I think that's something that we look at very earnestly at every opportunity to improve the cash terms we have going forward, and I assure you we'll do that throughout the rest of the year and we'll keep you apprised of our progress for the next three quarters.
Bruce L. Tanner: Thanks, Rich. I'm not quite ready obviously to declare a dividend increase. We meet as a matter of course every September with the Board of Directors, so that's when we discuss potential dividend increases and that will be the pattern we do this year. So we've been – obviously it's pretty heavy on the dividend increase capacity here. I'd like to think that we have the fire power to kind of continue to do that going forward. When you look at the cash flow that we generated last year and the cash flow this year, that our expectations of recovery of pension contributions in particular in addition to the normal operating cash flow in years to come, I think that gives us the opportunity at least to do that. So we gave guidance and/or embedded in our guidance this year was a little over $1 billion, more than $1 billion of share repurchases. That's just to offset dilution of share count. And you should think of that – I may get these numbers slightly wrong but I know I'm pretty close here, so we've got roughly 9 million to 10 million of shares outstanding at the end of – I should say options outstanding at the end of 2013. We had roughly 10 million options exercised in the year 2013. We kind of assumed a lower level than that in 2014. Think about maybe half of that or little less. And combined with, I will say, normal matching in our 401(k) which we do through share count matching and our executive compensation is probably another 3 million shares or so. So it's probably about 8 million. I may have the numbers slightly wrong, but I think I’m pretty close. 8 million shares, $150 million bucks a share, it’s probably about $1.2 billion or so of share repurchases. We will offset any share count dilution that’s caused by any additional options that are exercised above that level and then as I said in my opening remarks we will try to be opportunistic throughout the year for additional share repurchases beyond that. On the M&A side, we’re constantly looking at that. We don’t -- obviously we’re not going to comment on anything until we’ve actually close on a deal, but that’s always a possibility. I think we’ve been successful with the strategy we have used in the past. I don’t see any state of body [ph] lists that would change that strategy going forward and that’s probably about as much as I can say on that right now Rich.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Well, thanks Ron, good question. So I think if you look at our historical -- first off let me comment, I think you’re higher at the level of profit adjustments as a percentage of the total earnings than what we really experienced. So last year I just looked at this not too longer, we were around 36% or so, I believe the total earnings of segment EBIT. Excuse me, not total earnings, but segment EBIT was in the form of the profit adjustments. That’s not sort of out of family with what we experienced on sort of a steady-state basis. I mean if I look -- as I look forward to the planned level of 2014 adjustments, it’s not far off of that number. I will tell you almost every year when we have a good year, obviously that number grows from our initial plan and I sure hope the best what happens this year as well. So I don’t know exactly how to compare us with everyone else Ron. I suspect we have different sort of philosophies as far as starting positions, on booking profit, on contracts. Everyone has got a different lifecycle in their own portfolio as far as whether they’re way down the learning curve and have any new development or concurrent development going on with production that would suggest maybe starting a little lighter booking rate. Some folks are further down selling only international activities where you’re at a pretty good idea what’s your products costs by that point of time, you can probably start up booking at a higher profit level, which would make you have lower step-ups, lower profit adjustments. I think ours is more comparable to us as opposed to anyone else and I don’t see an issue at the levels we’re talking about for that diminishing going forward.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Good question, Peter. So actually I think calendar year 2014 we’re actually going to see an increase in the deliveries of F-16s compared to what we delivered last year. So in 2013, we delivered 13 F-16s. I would expect that we will be north of 15, maybe 16, 17 aircraft delivery in the year. Our C-130 program, and I should say those deliveries will probably go back, I think of it probably in the one per month level for a couple of years. But I think our backlog on the F-16 program today is through 2000 -- I’m trying to do this from memory of course, 16, 17, somewhere in that range. I will get that covered before the call, before we are off from the call. The C-130 deliveries, we did 25 last year. We kind of said that the rate will be building with C-130s going forward is 24 a month. I’m real confident, particularly when you talk about the addition of multi-year aircraft at the levels we talked about. Again, 79 aircraft is what the -- just the U.S buy is on that multi-year program. And that’s going to enable us to continue with that 24 aircraft per year level for quite a while. And I just remembered that I think the F-16 deliveries right now go up to almost the end of 2017. So -- and again you should think of that there is probably one aircraft per month for the F-16 and roughly two aircraft a month for the C-130 for sort of that period through that timeframe.
Bruce L. Tanner: Carter, the only thing I might add as I'm listening to Marillyn there is I think we've got a really interesting sort of situation where the products that we are developing are not – and that we anticipate the ability to sell in production and particularly to sell internationally are not long-tenured products. We've got capabilities. We have some of those as well, obviously with C-130 and F-16s, but no one has sort of the current air missile defense products that we have in terms of MEADS, in terms of Littoral Combat Ships from a naval perspective, in terms of an F-35. So we're kind of uniquely positioned that a lot of our products are through the developmental cycle. There will be quite a bit of time before you see new products develop just because there's going to be a delay in new starts with the fiscal pressures that we're facing. And our portfolio is available now and has sort of got the good backing of the U.S. Military behind us. Now I think that's got us very uniquely positioned.
Bruce L. Tanner: I'll take the first shot and Marillyn can provide some color commentary on that. But it's an interesting question. I think it's one that we've talked about ourselves internally as well. And sort of the heart of your question I think is so have we bottomed out or not? And you posed two different scenarios there. One is the value of the portfolio and then sort of the lag effect of the budget authority. I do believe as Marillyn has said quite vividly that the portfolio that we have is differentiated, I think that is what's enabled us to survive without having huge drops year-over-year. I think the part that again people are missing when we talk about the effects of sequestration, where we are right now is our portfolio pre-sequestration would have been growing in these periods of times. So we are seeing reductions, but the reductions are taking us back to sort of a flat scenario as opposed to taking us to a negative gross scenario. And I get the point, believe me, that our outlook for 2014 is below '13 and '13 was below '12, but going forward from '14, '15, I think we're going to be – hopefully, we've hit the bottom. If not, I think we're very, very close to that between '14, '15. And if you just take a look at the budget agreement that was signed this past week and a half or whatever that provided the incremental benefits over a full sequestration for fiscal year '14 and '15, that essentially makes the DoD top line kind of flat. And then if you take a look at FY '16, under sequestration today that actually shows a slight increase over the FY '15 levels as we sit here today. So I'm, I'll say cautiously optimistic. We've sort of reached bottom and that we have – at least for Lockheed Martin, we have the opportunity to see some growth in the not too distant future.
Bruce L. Tanner: But I assure you Howard (audio break) Marillyn is relentless when it comes to her (technical difficulty).
