Kenneth Possenriede: You bet. Thanks, Joe. So it's probably helpful we start with, once this started, what our processes were. Think of this as our battle rhythm. So once this began, we started a weekly COVID-19 impact tracking process. We put together a template, and this was generally across the board, included all the business areas. We had data that we collected that supported various internal and external reporting. In fact, we're now in a rhythm where Marillyn is now sending a memo to the SAEs, think of those as the service acquisition executives. And this is done on a weekly basis. That basically lays out all the impacts that we see, all the actions that we're taking to minimize those impacts. And think of these inputs as at the contract program level, so across the corporation. It's about 600 line items, and it's tracking real and potential Lockheed Martin supplier- and government-driven impacts. The COVID impacts that we're seeing are reflected within this weekly template. And unfortunately, they're predominantly risk-related. Think of them as travel restrictions and site access that are most likely the common cited driver of impact. We're seeing increases in supplier shortages. And in our sites, we're seeing some absenteeism impacts. There are some opportunities that we do see that exist, Joe. From a cash flow standpoint, the customer altered the progress payment rate from 80% to 90%. And also a small nuance but important, they changed some conditions regarding progress payment rates, which will be advantageous to us. And we are now flowing this -- as Marillyn mentioned, we are flowing this all down to our supply base. Starting with our small suppliers and our vulnerable suppliers, we have a process where we work with supply chain. They tell us who those suppliers are. We work with Treasury to determine on a weekly basis the cash flow that we have that we're flowing that down. Contract actions that we're working with our customer, it's accelerated timing of the pending awards, undefinitized contract actions, or UCAs, funding, et cetera. What we're also seeing internally is there -- we're capturing cost avoidance. So think of lack of travel, lack of business trips that we're making, lack of sponsorships, lack of air shows that we're going to. And we're capturing that and collecting that, probably not to take to the bottom line but to help with impact disruptions to our business. You talked about the recovery of costs with the CARES Act. One of the conditions in there is we will work with the PCO and demonstrate to them a request for equitable adjustment that those costs -- those idle costs should be deemed allowable, and we'll work through that. In fact, we have a path forward on the F-35 program to do just that. So we think we're in a good position. The plan is, at least the way we see it, is we're hoping that the curve starts flattening in the second quarter, end of second quarter, and we can get to some kind of semblance of business as usual, whatever that is, starting in the third quarter. You asked about cash, Joe, we feel really good about our cash, and I'll let somebody else -- I'll give some more color on cash for somebody else to ask the question, but we feel really good about our cash flow this year. We started the year strong, ended the first quarter strong, and we see, going forward, strong. So thanks, Joe. Stay safe.
Kenneth Possenriede: Hunter, we'll give Marillyn a break since it's her last earnings call. So I'll take that. So it's going well. So as everybody is aware, I believe, we moved the F-16 program out of Fort Worth a couple of years ago. Frankly, no home because we didn't have any orders of record and Bahrain was our first customer. We moved the line to Greenville, going very well. Right now, we have Bahrain. You saw we just announced Bulgaria. We have Slovakia. We're in the throes of working with the United States government and Taiwan for them to buy 66 aircraft. There is an African country that is interested in F-16. So we're hopeful that will happen. South American country, and then there are some Southeast Asian countries that are interested in F-16 as well. So we think the program is doing very well. The MOD programs are doing very well. Just in the spirit of COVID, we're not seeing many impacts at all on the F-16 program. So I think this is a good fourth-generation aircraft for those customers that can't afford the F-35 or, frankly, can't at this time buy the F-35. And it might be a good intermediary step for customers to go from the F-16 to F-35. So we see it frankly as complementary and not competing against themselves.
Kenneth Possenriede: You bet. Thanks, David. So yes, we -- like I said, we feel good about cash flow this year. And I'll say it again. If it wasn't for COVID-19, we were very comfortable with taking our cash from operations up -- our cash from operations number of greater than $7.6 billion. So yes, going into the first quarter, we did increase payables. We did pay down payables in the fourth quarter. Part of the reason why Aeronautics and a couple other business areas did so well was, frankly, we got invoices -- from a timing standpoint, we got invoices in -- late in the quarter that ended up being payables, so we had abnormally high payables that also then flowed into inventory or into contract assets, which we do think is an opportunity going forward for us. So even with the COVID impacts, we do see, over time, working capital increases, specifically in contract assets, most of them in F-35, and we're working with the F-35. We think there's an opportunity there for us to reduce our contract assets. The other thing I would state is -- why we had the high payables in the first quarter is these COVID actions that Marillyn described of us flowing money down to the supply chain really didn't start happening for the most part until we got into the second quarter. So we'll continue to flow down that committed $450 million that we got certainly through the second quarter, but David, it's likely we're going to flow that down in the third and fourth quarter as well, and we will probably take our -- what I'll call our normal payables number down in the fourth quarter and accelerate payments to the small business base and our vulnerable suppliers.
Kenneth Possenriede: You bet. Yes. So Rob, I'll give you just a little color of what we've done actually. So late last year, we entered into a 10b5-1, and think of that as an enhanced open market repurchase program. So we essentially went to the banks late last year and said, we want to buy $500 million to $600 million of stock back starting in January through July. So we're in this 10b5-1 through July. And in the first quarter, of that, we bought $256 million back of the $756 million that you heard me state we bought back in the first quarter. Early in the year, we thought it would be advantageous just to go on autopilot, if you will, and we signed up. This would be our second one, we did one in the fourth quarter of last year, an accelerated share repurchase program. And as you know, when you commit to that, you put the money upfront, gives the bank then the discretion to buy it back when they want to buy it back. So we fronted that money, if you will, in the first quarter. And that plan goes through the end of April. So think of that in 9 days, that program is over. So that's why you saw the amount we bought back was earmarked $756 million of repos in the quarter. As I stated, we reaffirmed -- and Marillyn just foot stomped that, we reaffirmed our $1 billion commitment, which basically will be on autopilot that will go through July. So think of us buying back another $244 million over the next couple -- next 2 months to get us to the $1 billion. And what we have done in the past, just frankly over the last couple of years, we've done this just to prevent dilution of our share count, and that's what we're committed on now. If we get out of this COVID situation, we may look at this again and readdress it and see if it makes sense to opportunistically buy our stock back if we think that makes sense. But in the meantime, while COVID is going on, our commitment is we're going to maximize our balance sheet to generate cash flow, and we're going to send as much down as we can -- and as much as we can down to our distressed vulnerable supply base and our small supply base. While we're on capital deployment, I'll talk about dividends. It is from a planning standpoint. Our plan, subject to the Board's approval, for us still to declare and pay dividends. So that's in our modeling for the rest of the year. And I'll just remind you, we're still spending, investing in our business roughly $1.3 billion in IRAD for this year. And as I stated earlier, we're still on a path from a CapEx standpoint to spend roughly $1.7 billion on CapEx. So we're not skirting our responsibilities to our supply chain nor to the investments we believe we need to make for us to be a vibrant business going forward.
Kenneth Possenriede: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Yes, the plan is we still think we're going to grow our backlog. I mentioned earlier for one of the questions, we're working with the -- I'll talk United States first, the United States customer. We're working with them where it makes sense for us to accelerate orders to get that into our backlog, to get that behind us. You already saw F-35 Lot 14 was in the second quarter. We got that order behind us. And that does actually have some international customers. Think of 35%, 40% of those airplanes will be going to international customers. But there are a bunch of international orders, and I'll go through them, that we generally feel pretty good about. So Bulgaria is behind us for F-16. We got those 8 aircraft behind us. We're working with Indonesia on some C-130 aircraft. We feel good about that. Working with India, you probably saw the announcement that the money is flowing from India to the United States. So we'll now work with the appropriate government agencies to get that under contract. That's for the MH-60R multi-role helicopter program. We have a Spain F-110 frigate program we feel good about. F-16, Taiwan, I mentioned, that's a third quarter order. We still feel good about that. We also have a couple of orders for F-16 that we're working to try to shape. There's a Norway contract out in the fourth quarter. So I'd say on the whole, we're feeling good about our order book. And in fact, because of some accelerations, we actually think we'll overachieve our orders planned this year by over $3 billion. And that's mainly driven by PAC-3, that's FY '21, where I think we're in a good spot with the customer to accelerate those orders.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, first of all, Doug, thank you for the question. And I would say at the outset that regardless of what's happening with oil prices and other things, the threats continue to accelerate around the world. So we still have that challenge anywhere in the world. I mean it's the first order of any country that they have to protect their citizens. So a lot of the systems we sell into the Middle East are clearly defensive systems. And more than ever, that's more complex, volatile and unpredictable than it's ever been before. So that's a necessary condition that they have that national security, and I expect that will continue. We will continue on our side to drive affordability across all of our product lines to make sure that what we do offer is the best value to those countries and -- but we aren't seeing a pullback from the needs that they have today in the Middle East.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, thank you, Sheila, for your kind comments. I would first start by saying that I think this is the right time for a transition in our company because our company is very strong and stable. We've got solid performance. We've got a very strong robust growth strategy, even again this year continuing to grow. We finished out last year with a record year, and we've had a series of a very strong record for the past few years. And we're set up well with a $144 billion backlog, which I think outlines -- that's the booked work that we have and a strong financial position. I think as Jim steps into the role -- he's been on our Board for over 2 years, as Ken said, and he has a military background. He's worked in the industry, in Pratt & Whitney and Honeywell. He's got a lot of strong experience around our industry, our markets, our business. And so he brings that, plus the insights he's gained on our Board for the last couple of years in our strategy, our long-range plan. So I think you will see that he will continue to drive the success that we've had over the last few years. He fits very well into our culture, and we're really looking forward to -- he brings a strong acumen -- business acumen because, of course, he's himself been a CEO for the past 17 years. In terms of priorities, we will continue to strengthen our focus on our customer. That has what's driven the success of this business is aligning with their priorities and listening to them and understanding what they need and then driving sustained profitable growth around that and delivering them the performance that they expect because they do depend on us. As we said earlier, we're an essential industry sector, and that is clearly because of the national security products and capabilities we produce. And so we know that performance and innovation for our customers has got to be continued. And then lastly, I would just say, keeping a focus on the people in this company. We have a strong culture of -- an innovative culture of people that make the difference. And I know that as Jim comes in with his style of a value-based leader as he is and a collaborative leader that he will continue that forward. So I think you could -- that you can just look at us as being very well positioned for the future as we -- as I turn over the reins to Jim in mid-June.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, thank you for your comments, Rob, and thanks for the question. The political environment today, I know, is very difficult, particularly for companies that basically have no demand. And when everything shut down -- and I'm very pleased to be part of the conversation on the President's task force and on some other task forces our company is so that we can work with governors and the President on looking at how best to get the economy back to work in a very safe and effective way. As you know, as we've talked about, we've been running all through this time. And so we're in a position where it's a matter of sharing how we're keeping our people safe, how we're keeping our operations running, we're dealing with supply chain, a lot of the things that Ken spoke of here. In terms of the political environment, where there are -- I think what you're referencing is where companies are going to get some kind of support from the CARES Act and other ways to help their business, and then as a result of that, would it be appropriate for them to destock buybacks. And I think you've heard all of them, at least all that I've heard, go publicly say, no, that's not their intention. They really need that funding today in order to address their business need, to address their cash needs, to address getting their folks back to work because, basically, their demand went to 0. I think it's very different than a normal company like -- that sets out the year with a plan on cash deployment, which would be through dividends, through stock buybacks, through capital investment, through the range of things that we all do with cash, and we -- in our case, we haven't changed our process at all. I mean we made a commitment in October that we were going to do about $1 billion in stock repurchases, and that's -- that we still are holding to that for this year. And so we're very different, I think, than those who have experienced a very significant impact to their demand. Ken, I don't know if you want to add anything on that front relative to our situation on...
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question. Thanks for the comment, too, Carter. I appreciate it. Well, as I talked in my opening remarks about the FY '21 budget -- President's budget request that came out, and while the top line budget is not growing significantly, there's a little bit -- some slight growth, and so we're looking -- as we look at it. But Congress really is yet to weigh in on what's in that budget for our programs. Right now, they're well supported. But we -- often, Congress looks in and determines whether they want to do some ads and in certain areas as well. So for example, last year, they added 20 planes for the F-35. And we've seen some other areas of support from Congress over the years. So we feel good about what's in the budget request right now. As I mentioned, it does line up with the national defense strategy. And that's exactly the areas that are lined up with our particular portfolio. There's -- the budget submission has over $3 billion in it for hypersonics, which is we've shown that we are a strong leader in that. We continue to see as we look beyond that, there's also some upside for NASA, for Orion and for some of the Mars missions. I think there's over $3 billion that was put in increase for that. And then we continue to look at not only continued growth through the U.S. budget side but also on the international side. Now these would be FMS sales, but F-35, as you know, Poland has committed to 32 aircraft. We see opportunities with Finland, with Switzerland, with Spain potentially and other countries, we think, that are starting to show interest -- continued interest in the F-35 as a potential to meet their fighter replacement needs. And then on the missile defense arena, THAAD, PAC-3, Aegis, all continue to be growth opportunities for us. If you look on around to the Sikorsky side of the business, I mentioned the Future Vertical Lift. That's a big upside for us as potential as we see opportunities for growth there. CH-53K that we do for the Marine Corps with a 200-aircraft program of record. There's also strong interest in Germany and in Israel. And then in our Space business, we continue to see upside there in a lot of the space protection and a lot of the mission areas there for the national security space opportunities for growth. So I feel really good about our growth opportunities as we look out even beyond this year and into the future. Space side, the next-gen OPIR and GPS are other contract opportunities that we continue to see growth. So as Ken said, we expect our backlog to grow. We expect to continue to win at a good rate on these opportunities because we have a strong portfolio. We've been investing for many years in things like hypersonics and other areas of our business that set us up well for robust growth.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, on the international front, I think Ken talked a little bit about the fact that we have a couple of final assembly and checkout facilities on the international scene, so in Italy and in Japan. And early on, they did have some impact where they shut down for a few days or for a week, but they're back running again. We have suppliers around the world that support our F-35 program and other programs. So we watch how those suppliers are working in their various countries with whatever constraints they might have or safety protocols that are put in place. And so that's -- as Ken said, we do a very deep dive on our supply base on a weekly basis to make sure we're monitoring that, and we're addressing that. So that could potentially have some disruption for us. Similarly, we -- transportation is an area that we've been watching to make sure that we've got good transformation of the parts and components coming in. But I think in terms of countries, it goes back to my earlier comment. Countries are still -- need to address their national security needs. So I'm not looking at it so much from an impact on what they will buy because they are staying on their procurement plans, and despite the fact that things like COVID-19 will have some impact on their economic situation just as it has in the U.S. I think it's more really around the international supply chain that we're going to keep a bead on that to make sure that those suppliers around the world continue to operate. We -- as we talk about cash deployment to our suppliers, we are getting to those international suppliers as well because they're part of our supply chain. And so to the extent that we have an opportunity to flow through and accelerate payments, we accelerate them to them as well as to our domestic suppliers in the U.S. That will continue to be the area for us. We -- they may face challenges of productivity or absenteeism and/or other constraints, and so we'll continue to watch that closely. And frankly, that's the area that we watch the most closely and why we've been so focused on it every week. Okay. So I guess that's our last question. So let me just conclude the call today. And before I do, I know several of you, starting with Ken, know that this is my last call as President and CEO. And I appreciate your kind remarks, and I appreciate, Ken, what you said as my colleague and friend for so many years, and I appreciate your comments. But I really wanted to take this time at the end of the call just to thank the entire Lockheed Martin family for the support and dedication that they've given as the company has grown and flourished over my now 7.5 years as CEO and, moreover, over 37 years with this company. We are a very strong corporation, and we've got a legacy of innovation and performance and a future of promise and growth. And when I think back 37 years ago when I first started as an industrial engineer supporting the production line in Marietta, Georgia, I'm reminded of a lot of hardworking and dedicated people that I worked with over my career, including the people that I work with today, the current employees that are making a difference every day in the work that we do because we do some of the most important work in the world. So it's been an honor for me to be a part of this team and this company. I've often said, I consider Lockheed Martin a national asset because we perform an important mission and support of our nation's defense and its citizens and also our allies around the world. I also want to thank you, our investment community and our shareholders, for your participation in these calls and also for your thoughtful engagement that you've provided with our management team over the years. It's helped us as we understand what's important to you and how you look at our business and the questions that you ask. And I said earlier, I know that you will welcome Jim Taiclet to our team. I'm certain that he's going to lead the company to continued success. He has a tremendous track record of achievement that's outstanding, and he's -- as I said earlier, he joins a company with a culture of performing with excellence for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. So I assure you that Lockheed Martin will be in very good hands with Jim at the helm. So thank you again for joining us on the call today. Our team looks forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in July. John, that concludes our call today.
