Ken Possenriede: You bet, thanks Rich. It’s probably best I take that question and if you don’t mind Rich, I’ll give you some color and you can go across all business areas.So I'll start with Aero. You know next year we see mid-single digit growth across the business areas for Aeronautics. F-35 – we see growth on F-35 similar to the Aero growth, that mid-single digits.Development and sustainment, we see that growing faster than production. We see strong growth at IFG and that’s specifically F-16. You heard Marillyn mention we’ve got the Slovak Republic order behind us, we are now starting to build [indiscernible] Jets that we’ll start delivering out in late 2021 and we’ve got strong [mod] [ph] work there.And we also see strong growth at Skunk Works. If you recall, we talked about the classified program we won. The Skunk should grow double digit sales next year.And finally for Aeronautics, at AMMM, no surprise. We see sales decline in 2020 compared to 2019. If you recall we are going to deliver 28 C-130s this year, forecasting around 25 next year and a reduction in 2021 to about 23. So you’ll see mid-single digits decline in sales there, so just to summarize again for Aeronautics, mid-single digit growth.At Missiles and Fire Control, it will be our fastest growing business area again. We see low mid-digit growth. We see strong growth at strike weapons specifically in precision fires and JASSM we also see strong growth in integrated Air and Missile Defense and that would THAAD and PAC-3.At RMS we see low single digit growth. We're finally starting to see some strong growth at Sikorsky. Think of that as MH-60 combat search and rescue and the presidential helicopters VH-92 programs. That will more than offset. We see declines in our IWSS business. Think of that as Littoral Combat Ship and the domestic piece of Aegis.And in space we see growth, which last year at the time we would not have seen [indiscernible] we were going to see growth at space. And if you recall we talked about our strong order book this year and the lion share of that up-side was at space and we are continuing to see that in the future.The upsides are in hypersonics programs and think of the space transportation segment of that business, so Orion and [OPIR] [ph]. OPIR is growing and that is slightly offsetting declines and think of some of our historical programs that are starting to wind down like [indiscernible] and Advanced [DHS] [ph]. So net, we see roughly 5% growth for the corporation.Going to profit margins, we see Aeronautics having similar margins as they did in 2019. F-35 profits will grow at the same rate as sales, so think of that as mid-single digit. As I mentioned with sales, development sustainment is growing faster than production and therefore dilutive in nature.I mentioned the Skunk’s. So the Skunk’s is growing. Their profit, their absolute profit dollars will be growing, but that is also dilutive in nature, so you'll see basically mid-single digits at Aeronautics.Missiles and Fire Control, we see right now less risk retirement in 2020 than we saw in 2019, and as we've talked about the classified program that we won and that will continue to grow as will other development programs ramping-up so that they have dilutive margin. Missiles and Fire Control we see overall we’ll have lower margins in 2020 than in 2019.RMS – we are seeing similar to or slightly higher margins in 2020 compared to 2019. That’s driven by our training business and our Sikorsky piece of the business.And finally at Space, we also see like Missiles and Fire Control less risk retirements are forecasted in 2020 and also the new program starts. And on ULA, we see similar earnings in 2020 as we did in 2019.So overall also we see space like Missiles and Fire Control will have lower margins in 2020 than we had in 2019. Hopefully, that gave you enough color Rich.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. Good morning Myles. You know we had the disclaimer in our earnings release talking about you know 2020 no impact to our related to Turkey. Let me just give you some color and I’ll take about four areas.So the first one is and this is, one of it is related to F-35 so its exports and so this is the delivery of aircraft to Turkey for the F-35 program and that's by far the largest item here. And I think you know our F-35 contract with Turkey is a partner agreement, so you know they are one of the partner countries through the U.S. government.We have - the U.S. government has documented that Lockheed Martin will not absorb any impact from planes we’ve built or are currently building for Turkey. So we believe we are covered here, and I’m sure you saw on our balance sheet some growth in our contract assets. Part of that growth is because we're still working through with the U.S. government to get a contract mark from them for this work, so we can bill and collect for that. Other exports to Turkey from the other business areas really are not material, so there's really no impact to us there.The second item is we have a few Turkish military programs that would be impacted by any continuing imposition of the sanctions and work returns, currently reviewing them to determine the financial impact; and one of which is we have a – it could potentially have to get back a cash advance, an advance payment that's not material in nature and we do know that any inability to perform due to U.S. government sanctions, we would have a backlog adjustment. Think of that as about $900 million you know ball park, that’s in $1 billion, but that’s more a you know a book keeping element at this stage, but net-net on these Turkish military programs for 2020, we don't see any real impact to sales, our profits or our cash, even the cash advances, it would not be material to us.The third area is we have a joint venture in Turkey with a company called the Alpata Group; it’s the Alp Aviation. Think of that as Alp manufacturers finished precision parts and mechanical assemblies and have scope for the F-35 and Black Hawk production, and we have an equity stake in this joint venture and think of that as about $40 million.We also recognize equity earnings and they are less than $10 million a year, so really not a large amount. So you know at this time if Alp would be prohibited from selling component parts to the Ministry of National Defense, however unless reciprocal sanctions are implemented, Alp should be able to continue to sell component parts to support this. They won't be for F-35; we're working through that. This is for Pratt & Whitney components, we’re working through that. So right now we don't think to be a material impact there either.And then the last one is the Turkish suppliers that are actually supporting U.S. programs and that's more than just F-35. So you know the way the sanctions are written, transactions and activities for the conduct of the official business of UST by Lockheed Martin, they'd still be authorized. But independent of the sanctions we're still working second source supply contract as Marillyn mentioned and they are underway and we are working that to wind those down in the 2020 time period.And as Marillyn mentioned, we've been partnering closely with the U.S. government and our supply chain to minimize the impact on the F-35 program. We've been working hard to establish alternate sources of supply in the U.S. The first – second choices will all be U.S. based to quickly as possible to accommodate Turkey's current contributions for the program and we’ll continue working with the U.S. government to understand any potential impacts.Lastly, you know even if the current sanctions are lifted, we’re mindful of the potential for congressional legislation or the implication of CAATSA, which is the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act related to Turkey’s purchase and that’s due to the S-400 system, but we’d speculating at this time at any impacts at this point. So hopefully that helped to answer the question.
Ken Possenriede: Okay, thanks Sheila. You know so if you go back, I think Bruce [ph] teased us up about a year ago and what he saw you know based on what we did on our long range plan, about $7 billion – he said $7 billion in 2020, 2021 and you know right now as we see $7.2 billion with inclusive of the $500 million pension contribution. I’ll remind everybody, that’s up about $300 million.The pension contribution is up about $300 million due to the returns we had in 2018. So we've done a nice job working our way through working capital and I mentioned you know six months ago, seven months ago that that’s a priority of ours this year.You know the best we could see this year right now for 2021 and 2022, we will be north of $7 billion. Not sure how much north of $7 billion, but we’ll be north of $7 billion and right now it looks like our pension contribution is out in 2021 and 2022 based on you know the assumptions we’ve made would be about $2 billion in pensions.So again, I think we've done a nice job of continuing to grow our cash and you know we'll refine that over the next couple of months and when we give you guidance in January.
Ken Possenriede: Well Noah, its Ken. I think I'll take this and I'll try to relieve your struggling the best I can. So you know we talked about backlog. We see back log into this year. Probably it's going to continue to grow based on the orders we believe we're going to receive in the fourth quarter, the biggest one being into the block by once we get that definite size and we're very close, so we’ll be…
Ken Possenriede: Yeah, so $140 billion – we’ll be up to about $140 billion and you look at the increase we had this year over what our plan was, think of that as about $17 billion. Think of the $17 billion, about $7.5 billion of that were pull-in’s from 2020 into 2019; think of that as the advance AWE.We got three years’ worth of quarters this year rather than the one, so that piece is longer. Think of the block by, which is overall $35 billion give or take. That'll be over a three year period. We're going to get to multi-year three in the fourth quarter for the C-130. That is over a longer period of time.If I go back to the $17 billion, the remainder is about $9.5 billion. Those are just pure upsides that we did not plan for. So we have guided from the start of the year to now, increased our guidance by $2.6 billion. Think of that $2.6 billion came from the $9.5 billion of upside of orders that we had and back to your comment, in the $140 billion, the gestation period if I could call it that, is a longer period than we have historically seen.
Ken Possenriede: You bet! Okay David, its Ken, I'll take that. So I’ll go around the business areas for the fourth quarter on margins. So at aeronautics, we’re seeing similar margins that we’ve basically had for the rest of the year, so I think that aeronautics is in line with the rest of the year.Missiles and Fire Control, your right, it is down, and if you recall what we talked about in the first and the second quarter, we had step-ups of risk retirement planned in the third and the fourth quarter and based on where we were in the production cycle of those products, it made sense for us to do those risk retirements earlier in the year than later in the year. And if you compare that to last year from a timing standpoint, we had more step-ups in the fourth quarter than we’re going to have this year. So it’s just basically timing of you know the production cycle on missiles and Fire Control.RMS is like aeronautics. Its similar sales growth, similar profit growth, so that's in line with pretty much with what we've done in previous years. And then lastly Space, it’s similar to missiles and Fire Control and I’ll give a plug to our Advanced EHF program. They are having an absolute tremendous year. They had enormous risk retirements in the year and we're just not going to replicate that out in the fourth. Also ULA earnings will be lower in the fourth quarter this year compared to earlier and last year.And then on cash, so you know I think I have a different view David. We are going to reduce working capital significantly in fourth quarter. We had to build-up in the first half of the year and in the third quarter we only grew working capital by $30 million and line of site for 2020 right now with the 5% growth, we're only see growing working capital by about a $100 million and most of that will be in contract assets and in inventory.So as we continue to focus on working capital, we are seeing the improvements here and that’s why we too our trend data from $7 billion to $7.2 billion and when Sheila asked the question for the out years, we see a line of site of doing better than what we forecasted in 2021 and 2022 on cash basis, relative to what we disclosed last year.
Ken Possenriede: You bet Cai. Yeah, unfortunately our customer frowns upon us, spiking at our classified. But what I can say is you know just based on what we're seeing and what I described earlier, you know because of the Skunk’s and because of the classified program at Missiles and Fire Control, they are growing faster than the corporation and I would say that is one of the opportunities that we do have.I'd say the other opportunity and again I think I gave color on the last call in terms of hypertonic sales. So we see sales this year in hypertonic around $600 million. Best of what we see today, best of our ability to what we see today is for next year hypersonic round numbers, it's about $1 billion. But just for everybody's benefit, these are not for the most part program of record.As Marillyn mentioned, we are still in the prototype phase and we’ll start doing first launches starting next year out into it 2022. It is possible that you know because of the investments we've made in strike’s hypersonics and in counter hypertonics, which really haven't been any program yet on counter hypersonics.There is some likelihood we may see some opportunities there in counter hypertonics as well. So it could be in classified and it could be in counter hypertonics.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. So Peter, thanks for the question. Yeah, I'll start with 2020. Again, it just summarized that we're seeing similar margins at Aeronautics next year than we saw this year. I'd say you got the sustainment which as we've mentioned, and you probably seen in the press, will continue to grow, but for the most part of annual buys, and we put a proposal, an unsolicited proposal on the table for a 5 year PBL. So think of that as performance-based logistics.There is some interest in the government; we're working through that now, socializing that now. That would give us an opportunity for sustainment and not be dilutive to margins, and so think of that as we're putting more risk on industry, so industry would invest, industry would commit to the metrics and with that there should be additional rewards.So I think the opportunity also in Aeronautics would be as once these classified program in the Skunk’s starts getting multiple customers and it starts going into production. There should be some margin improvement there that could be similar to margins on the rest of Aeronautics that would help with some margin expansion there.And as I've mentioned earlier on the F-35 production deals, we feel good with the deals we're getting with the customer. We think they're fair and reasonable, they're balanced and we're now going through some housekeeping on the Block buy and hopefully we have that definitized in the next week or two, and we'll start performing on that. And if we perform, there is opportunity for margin expansion there as well.
Ken Possenriede: Thanks Carter. I'll hit the second one first and then I'll do the charge, because that will be probably a less of a long-winded answer.So F-16, you know right now in backlog as Marillyn mentioned, we have 30 aircraft. First one gets delivered, Bahrain gets delivered. I had to be in the same country by last day of the year of 2021. We see production build of roughly one month. Right behind that we're hopeful – you've probably seen in the press, Bulgaria. Bulgaria once – it looks like they won eight aircraft, so we're in the process of working through that.In our plan we see countries like Morocco and other countries out in the Far East that in aggregate could grow our backlog by another 60 aircraft, and if you think through that, that will start ramping up that production line to three a month.There is other interest out there, the countries in the Middle East. There is discussion about another country in the Far East that could want as many as 66, and we'll see where that goes, but all those aircraft would be built in Greenville and right now we think we have capacity to build four a month, and like I said, we'll start with one a month and that would be frankly good problem to have.The other wild card is, we've announced our Indian variant that we're going to propose, which is the F-21. We're going to build that airplane in India if we're fortunate enough to win that program, but that program would be worth $10 billion to $15 billion, so great opportunity out there. There is other mod work out there as well, that there are customers that will elect to keep their current aircraft and will modify those aircraft, so we see a great future for F-16.Regarding the charge we took at Missiles and Fire Control, it actually is – it is actually a different program than what we had. It was a modest charge and we think from a performance standpoint with balance sheet reserves and the charge we took, we think we won't be talking about that program anymore.
Ken Possenriede: Sure, I'll take that Joe. So yeah, we are very happy with where the F-35 program is going internationally. You saw Japan announced an additional 105 aircraft, on top of the aircraft they originally committed to. Singapore has announced an interest in buying the aircraft. It will be for a modest amount to start, but that's a great start.And Japan actually said they want to buy some Bs [ph]. It's likely Singapore who will buy some Bs. We're pleased with the award we got for Belgium for 34 aircraft. We are in a competition now for Finland and Switzerland, will continue to shape those and you're exactly right we got to the $80 million aircraft earlier than we thought. It's in lot 13 which will certainly help with those opportunities.We're in the competition with Canada, which could buy up to 100 aircraft. We're feeling good about that. We don't think we're out of the German competition yet, so we're still continuing to shape that. We heard about Poland. Poland wants to buy 32 aircraft, so we think there is a strong pipeline out there for the F-35.Regarding capacity, you got it, right. So if you look at the FACO the final assembly and checkout at Fort Worth, the one in Italy and the one in Japan, we see capacity right now as we continue to build that out in Fort Worth to be about 180, 185 aircraft. So we got ways to go.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question Myles and I think probably the broader answer beyond just F-35, I’ll ask you Ken maybe to weigh in on the balance of the portfolio, because we’ve had some questions from others about it. This might be a good time to cover Turkey all up.But as you know, back in July the Department of Defense announced the exclusion of Turkey from the F-35 program and that included the in-country suppliers, with the target date of March of 2020. So we’ve been working closely with the U.S. government for several months for quite some time on establishing alternate sources of supply in the United States to be able to quickly take the place of the current contributions that Turkey is providing to the program in terms of components and parts, etcetera, and all throughout that we continue to evaluate our supply chain.We are you know or as the prime contractor for those sources of supply, we are doing that work, yes. I mean if that’s – if I’ve understood you question, do we have the responsibility? We do, and we're working with, of course we have some major contractors that have work in country as those Pratt & Whitney which we don't oversee. Pratt & Whitney has their own responsibility for that.So we are the agents reassigning the work and we've been working on it for some time. But in terms of the risk associated with it, we have a contract modification from the U.S. government that covers all that risk. Because this is a decision by the U.S. government to take Turkey out of the program and so for that purpose, even though we are the ones that are reassigning the work, we have coverage from the contract at the same point.Ken, I think it might be helpful also to kind of give some color on the rest of the work that we have in Turkey at this point.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question Jon. I guess you know as I look at where we are today, I mean we have transitioned our portfolio over the last few years, several years, toward a more platform provider. We used as you would call, IS & GS, which was a very strong services component of the portfolio. At the time that we divested that element, we brought in Sikorsky, a platform based program. You know in addition to that, of course we got our sensors, our tactical missiles even though sometimes a lot of components that go on those platforms, but if you just look at it from that standpoint you could even argue to some extent that those are the platforms.When you look at the growth for the company, F-35 of course is going to be a major element of growth for the next five to 10 years. We know that from ramping up production for the payment of the aircraft. But in addition to that, when you look at Sikorsky, the CH-53K, the combat rescue helicopter, even the presidential helicopter are all programs that'll be into production and our platforms for us going forward. We've got – we're looking forward to downstream from hypersonics production that we hope will ramp up. You know we got a lot of developmental wins that we’ve had and we expect to be moving more into production there.Future of Vertical Lift is another area. When you look at the light and medium lift helicopters that we're competing for on Future of Vertical Lift platform based, our F-16 resurgence, as you heard from Ken, you know we were able to get a handshake agreement on our multiyear three for the C-130J in the last month or so; Orion, which again is another important platform in the Space exploration arena.So you know that to us, that is where the elements of growth are and certainly on those platforms we do more than just the frames with our systems and sensors and weapon systems, etcetera that are part of our overall; that's pretty important.When you look at just the area of missile defense side, what we’re doing on PAC-3, on THAAD, all of the growth that we see in those arenas, as well as you know Aegis Systems and so I would just argue that you know for us that’s the growth. They all come with autonomy and AI and you know software development elements of them. So those are important and I just – I don't – I want to put stomp again. It’s a big win we just had on the Sentinel A4 radar. I mean that was a great win for us as a company to go along with several other radars that we have. So hopefully that answers your question Jon.
Marillyn Hewson: I would just add, you know when you look at growth, I mean this year we are planning to deliver 131 F-35. It’s going to ramp up to over 140 and so that still continues to be our big growth area and then as mentioned earlier the Sikorsky program was CH-53K and CRH and the combat rescue helicopter and our missile defense was PAC-3 and THAAD. Those are the key growth areas as we look at them and continue to grow in F-16, C-130, as well as the hypertonics growth.So we got a lot of solid growth programs. I think you know strong 5% growth is you know as I look over the history of our corporation over the last 10 years, I feel really good about the growth that we are seeing as we go into 2020.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks Greg. Well, let me just end by restating that we really completed another strong quarter of financial and operational performance, and as you heard we have a record backlog, we are focused on program execution and with a strong demand for our portfolio of products and services. We believe we're well positioned for a successful closure of 2019 and continued growth in 2020.So we appreciate you all joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking with you at our next earnings call in January. John, that concludes our call today.
