Jay Malave: So David, let me take the first one and then kick over the second part of your question to Jim and just really talk in the context of '23 and what's going to be different in 2024. In 2023, when you look at it, we've got continued growth in our four pillars, really the programs of record that Jim had mentioned. But we do have some specific unique items to 2023, and I'll give you an example. For example, in aero. On the F-35, we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth in sustainment on the program. But we are expecting also a mid-single-digit decline in production as deliveries catch up to the material that we had purchased in prior years. Similarly, on the F-16, we're going to see continued growth in production to roll out our backlog, but we are seeing a reduction in modernization and sustainment programs on the F-16. So as those -- both of those normalize in 2023 going into 2024, they will no longer be headwinds, which will continue to allow for growth in Aeronautics, particularly in the F-35 sustainment and on F-16 production. Similarly, like MFC, what we saw in 2022 and it carries over a little bit to 2023 is some of the areas where we see the higher demand from a production level, particularly in programs of record, things like PAC-3, it's taken us a little bit longer than we originally expected to ramp up. And so we're going to see gradual improvement in supply chain as well as our internal operations in '23 with stronger growth in 2024. At RMS, CH-53 will double deliveries in '24 versus '23. And '23 versus '22 is pretty much flat deliveries. We also see probably some Black Hawk growth in '24 as well. And what we're going through right now is the transition for multiyear 9 to multiyear 10 in RMS and Sikorsky specifically. So those are all things that we think will lift from '24 relative to '23, and those are headwinds that are really unique to 2023.
Jay Malave: Just let me follow up on your last question, David, whether or not there's upside. Where we see potential increases to where we were at baseline before really is in MFC. Over the next five years, we've got revenue potential. It's around $6 billion. And that would more than offset lost revenue associated with FLRAA should that decision hold. And so net-net, we see that there could be some upside over the next five years.
Jay Malave: Sure. Good question. Let me follow up. And we looked at this and tried to triangulate performance in a number of different ways. We looked at just straight piece part on-time delivery here in the fourth quarter relative to what we saw in the second and the third. We also looked at program performance, so earn value-type metrics, and we really didn't see a meaningful change in on-time delivery or schedule performance relative to our earned value systems. But what I will say is the fourth quarter had a significant step-up in requirements. And if you adjust for the number of weeks in the fourth quarter relative to the balance of the year and you also adjust for some of these benefits that we saw in terms of award timing, our requirements in the fourth quarter stepped up sequentially by about 5%. And I would say the entire value chain, whether it's our internal operations and the supply chain, was able to meet that increased level of requirements. So that, to me, bodes well to the future as well as expecting a gradual improvement in 2023. And I think that just provides a reasonable assumption and a reasonable basis for that assumption
Jay Malave: Okay. So George, I can probably answer your questions with one yes, but maybe I'll provide a little bit of color there. I now take the -- you're correct, on the charge we took, that was related to the program. We continue to have some learnings there. But our team, I think, in Skunk Works is doing a great job managing that program. And this is a development program where you see and you continue to have learnings. But in the grand scheme of things, I think we've managed that quite well. And it really hasn't -- did not impact our results. And as far as the F-35 program, we did see some benefits there. And you're right, in the quarter, we were -- the results there were augmented not only by the volume but as well as the net profit adjustments at Aeronautics, and it was across the board. I think next year, as we think about the margin, yes, there's a little bit of a headwind there. I think mix does play a part in it as well as right now, we're planning a little bit lower favourable profit adjustments. But for the year, in the grand scheme of Lockheed Martin, this year, we did about 25% of profit in net profit adjustments, and we would expect that to be somewhat similar for the entire company for '23. Thanks for the question, George.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just maybe a little bit more color. Just on top of the first flight that we had today the successful first flight, congratulations to our Aeronautics team there. We have over 20 aircraft that are currently in process in the production phase. We will deliver anywhere between, say, 78 aircraft this year, and then that will step up significantly in 2024. And so we're on a good path that we recognize the opportunities that are in front of us. There are a few countries that have been announced there that we're eagerly awaiting contract finalization, hopefully this year, with Jordan and Bulgaria. That's about combined about 20 aircraft. And so the demand, as Jim mentioned, is pretty significant. And we're ramping up as we speak to be able to deliver the customer requirements.
Jay Malave: Yes. I mean -- so for cash this year, as we mentioned, that will decline this year. I said about $100 million. Specifically, the CAS element will decline by about -- the recoveries by about $75 million. We'll see that decline a little bit more over the next few years as well. And so it will come down in the range, I think, around $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion over the next few years. And so that's the best outlook we have today. As you know, these things are -- they do fluctuate and a little volatile. So we'll update that accordingly as we go and think about next year and what that means for 2025, Seth.
Jay Malave: Yes. No, good question. This is something we talked a little bit on the third quarter call. We've got some new program awards, particularly in classified, that are going to put margin pressure not just next year but a few years beyond that as well. And it's really just on the early phase of these programs as we head into production. It's just low margin, and it will take time to have those restore to margins that we've seen in the past. What I will say is that we do have the benefit of some offsetting mix with the upside that we're seeing in this business. I mentioned before a potential $6 billion over the next five years. Those will come with more solid margins will help mitigate the reduction that we're seeing on these new programs. But there will be some pressure there that we have to deal with. And look, the MFC team has a good track record of driving out cost, driving margins. I'm confident they'll be able to do that in the future as well, but it will take a few years to get there.
Jay Malave: I'll just add, Kristine, I mean it's a great point. I mean we've got a pretty tight alignment on the targets that we pursue to our technology road maps. And these are examples like Joint All Domain Operations interoperability, autonomy, artificial intelligence and other areas that will help us drive and accelerate our internal organic capability with these new emerging technologies. And so it's a great point. There's certainly opportunity there. As Jim mentioned, we've increased our availability of funding for that, and we're excited about those opportunities.
Jay Malave: Sure. Good question. We remain confident in the position that we've taken. We've had really no dialogue. We are awaiting guidance from the IRS on what contracts specifically would be covered. You're right that different players have taken different positions. We remain confident in our position. We believe that the risk is a factor. And when you are under particularly cost-type contracts, there is no risk taken by the provider of those services. Secondly, we believe the benefit is marginal because the owner or the contractor of that work is really the one that takes over that technology and can transfer it to others at any point in time. And so we think that those are sound base and sound arguments supported by legal teams that we have in a position that we've taken. But again, it's uncertain -- and our uncertain tax position really reflects that uncertainty. So, I can't give you specific one way or the other in terms of IRS positions because we just don't know as of yet. But I can tell you, we spent a lot of time researching this, a lot of time discussing it, deliberating it internally, and we think the position that we've come out is the right position.
Jay Malave: Yes. Rob, inflation is something that we evaluate all the time. In many of our existing contracts, we have not really seen a significant impact, only because I mean our fixed price contracts -- our suppliers are under fixed price contracts with us. Where we have seen is really on new proposals is where we've seen some impacts, where you've got suppliers unwilling to provide longer-term price commitments requesting what we refer to in the industry as economic price adjustments, which are escalation clauses, inflation clauses. And those are ongoing dialogues that we have with our customers as well. And so it's still an ongoing issue. To be honest with you, on the proposal side, we really haven't seen any type of reduction there in the pressure. It's something that we review quite often on these new proposals, and it's something that we grapple with because either you have to price in some type of inflation assumption into your proposal or you have to have some type of back-to-back agreement where you're going to have an inflation clause. And we're getting squeezed with our customer as well as with our suppliers, and we're trying to make sure that we can accommodate both requirements here.
Jay Malave: You think about a few of these, it's something that we have -- I mean you know that the F-35, so we've got waiting for the -- we're expecting the production order on Lot 17 in 2023. We do have a large missile -- air and missile defense program -- international program. It's an important program for us this year. And so it's probably back half of the year type of decision. That is included in our four pillars of growth when we talk about new awards. There are other programs here that are classified, really can't get into kind of the detail of those, but we expect some of those awards to be made either at the tail end of this year or into next year as well. And in NGI, we would expect to down-select around 2025. And so there's a fair amount of markers out there in some of these programs that I just spoke between now, really in 2025, that certainly are important to us. Jim mentioned FARA. That's probably a 2025 decision as well.
Jay Malave: Yes. Let me maybe talk a bit in the kind of longer-term outlook. And you look at the history of Lockheed Martin over the last probably five to 10 years, and we've reached margins in the range of 12%. I do believe we have the potential to get back to those, but that will take time. In the short term, really, I would say, over the next three years or so, our objective will be just to hold the margins where they are because some of these pressures that we see on these new programs, particularly at MFC, when you've got a 90 basis point reduction in one year from -- in one BA, that's a lot to really overcome. We've worked things internally as far as both product cost reductions, overhead cost reductions to really try to drive and maintain our margin profile. But that's where we're really going to be over the next few years is really trying to maintain where we are as we re-crank the growth cycle. And I think that's the key message that we have had internally: let's re-crank the growth cycle, get ourselves in 2024 on track to deliver the growth. As we get that flywheel turning, then we'll be able to focus and turn back around on margins and start improving margins.
Jay Malave: Sure. To answer the question on add-ons, that is -- will be -- that will occur but not necessarily in 2023. If you think about it right now, we're going to be introducing and cutting in new production, hardware and software on a full rate production program, which is a pretty aggressive schedule. And so what I would expect -- and this is included in our sustainment revenue growth projections, we'll see the retrofits on the existing fleet over time. And that will probably start beginning maybe sometime in 2024 and beyond, and its part of our mid-single-digit sustainment growth on the F-35.
Jay Malave: Yes. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got about -- we had orders of about $1.5 billion. We'll start delivering on some of that in 2023, and that will carry over into 2024. We've got a line of sight to significantly more orders beyond that, that we'll see again in the outer years. And so it's still to be determined. But what I can say is that we have had contract funding and internally funded projects to make sure we can meet higher ramp rates, whether it's HIMARS, GMLRS, PAC-3, all of those, all are opportunities from where we are today and part of the investment that our customer is making and that we are making to drive the higher ramp rates.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And as far as where the defense budget came out, David, it really aligns with our view in our company about the nature of the geopolitical threat, the need to modernize U.S. and allied forces to continue to hopefully deter armed conflict beyond the sad and unfortunate situation in the Ukraine that's already happened and the fact that there's bipartisan support in Congress to do just that. So we've been expecting all along in our kind of long-range plan that the U.S. government and Congress would step up to meet the reality of the global geopolitical situation. And that's exactly what played out in the budget process for FY '23. We also expect that same reality to continue to sadly exist again in the next budget cycle, which is happening even now in -- for 2024. So we don't see the circumstances the fundamentals changing. Therefore, we also believe that the continued robustness of the defense budget is going to be a reality as well.
Jim Taiclet: Okay. And then secondly, we really can't predict the political dynamic in Congress and -- within and with the administration. So we're going to keep our head down, stay on our plan, do our job and expect that the right thing will occur at the other end of the 2024 budget process, which is fully funding and making available that funding to the department of defense, so we can deter conflict with them and that they can acquire what they need to do that. So that's our expectation. It's really difficult for us to lay out what we think the budget process will be given the nature of the House, Senate and the administration right now. But we expect that they are going to come together and do what's needed to defend the country and get the budget done.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. And it's largely classified, Rob. But what I can say is many of the elements of counter hypersonics, we also have a pole position in, right? So we've got existing products that we can take the lessons learned from and a lot of the engineering and apply them to just a faster incoming target, right? So we're working on NGI, as you already heard, which is a ballistic missile. It travels at similar speeds. We have the FAAD system, which is a sort of a high-altitude interceptor as well. And then we have PAC-3, which is a very accurate lower-level further in, if you will, defensive systems. So we've got the engineering talent. We've got the intellectual property. And we're developing these 21st Century Security concepts like applying artificial intelligence to network systems together and process data much more quickly, which, of course, you need that to process the information coming in on a Mach 5 missile, right? So I think we have a lot of the elements that will go into the eventual counter hypersonic solutions, and we are working on many of them right now in integrating what we have and developing what we need.
Jim Taiclet: Kristine, this is Jim. One of the first things I did when I came from the Board to active management was to double, as you said, to double the venture fund, right? So, it was $200 million, now it's $400 million. We're actively -- actually, very actively looking to invest that additional funding. In the great scheme of the company, though, it's really designed to discover emerging technology that might be applicable to our strategy and to our products and systems and help kind of develop that technology in a way that it can have utilization earlier than perhaps otherwise for our industry. So, we get the most benefit out of our venture fund in actual operations, production and development of platforms and systems. We have had a nice upturn in the valuations of those investments as well, but they're not necessarily driving the ultimate results or the ultimate growth prospect of the company, but they're indirectly doing just that.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Matt, it's Jim. One of the issues that this situation has illuminated with is that when you need to accelerate production in the defense enterprise for national defense, we would have liked to have been able to A, ramp up the production faster and B, bringing the revenue sooner. So it just highlights the need, I think, and it's an urgent one, to work together with government and industry to quickly evolve the relationship between the two so that we can maintain an effective deterrent conflict as we've talked about. So what I'm discussing with some of our senior government officials who are receptive, and there are several thought leaders in government on this now, is apply the concept of anti-fragility to the relationship between government and industry, meaning things like ensure that we have multiple reliable sources of key materials and components, right? So we have a lot of single-source components that we have to go back down into our supply chain and find out who and if they can double or triple their production of the components so we can double or triple the output of the system. Another piece of this anti-fragility concept is to have the government invest in production capacity with us, call it, 2 standard deviations above the mean peace time production rates. So if you need to accelerate, you can quickly and start up the line or speed up the line much faster. Another one is significant, expansion of the use of long-term and multiyear contracts so that we don't have to have a fluctuation in demand year-to-year, which sets our supply base back, again, less willing to invest because they can't predict the future. And then finally, especially for those small and medium businesses, we're suggesting that government really take an overview of a broad overview of the oversight and compliance burdens that are on companies that participate in the defense industrial base from an audit and compliance and certified cost perspective, truth and negotiation act, things like that, while we at Lockheed Martin and other major defense funds would like to see that burden ease, it's a burden that can really prohibit other medium and small companies from working with us or working with the government to provide what it needs. So there's a great dialogue beginning. I'm sure other companies are raising these issues too. But this issue of restocking raised an important industry issue that we're going to try to work with government to solve.
Jim Taiclet: Great. Thanks, Maria. I'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire Lockheed Martin community for everything they've done in 2022 and they'll do this year and beyond. Together, we positioned our company to continue to push the edge of the technology and advance scientific discovery to ensure our customers remain what we call ahead of ready and keep people safe around the globe. So thanks again for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next call in April. John, that concludes the call. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
