Jay Malave: Okay. Thanks, Myles. On the margins for F-35, what we're seeing in 2024 are lower favorable profit adjustments, and so it's really twofold. One of it is the F-35, where as we make progress on the TR-3 program as well as getting ourselves into production, it's difficult to take risk and rely on risk retirements as we're still facing this program and the progress we're making there. And so we assume that the profit adjustments slowdown in 2024 on the F-35 program. There's also some headwinds on C-130 program, where we're seeing the effects of inflation and also some disruption related to supply chain, some pressures that we've had there. And so when you look at that decline year-over-year, you're talking about 30 basis points, say, half and half between C-130 and F-35. On the production cadence for F-35, yes, we feel pretty confident in where we are through the third quarter. To the extent that there were any delays beyond that, we would have to revisit our production cadence at that point in time. But right now, all signs are pointing to our production and delivery restart here in the third quarter.
Jay Malave: Yes, I think you do have to start at the 10.5% to jump off. And we do have a line of sight and a path to get overall back to 11%, including the absorption of these losses on the MFC classified program, but it's going to be a gradual march back up. And so I wouldn't expect it to snap back in 2025. I would expect there to be in the range of, say, 10 to 20 basis points of improvement starting in '25, and that to continue to grow at that rate until we get back up to 11.
Jay Malave: Yes, a good question. That's something that we've contemplated. Just where we are from a baseline perspective, zero contributions required in 2024. 2025, we're looking at in the range of about $1 billion of required contributions there. And so we're always looking at whether or not there's an opportunity to pull forward. As you mentioned, the utilization of our strong balance sheet to potentially do that. We haven't made any firm decisions on that, but that's definitely an opportunity that's under consideration for us.
Jay Malave: Yes, for the most part, Pete, it's not really impacted significantly. In our case, we're able to build up inventories. And then as we get the funding, we're able to take that to sales. And so for the most part, we've kept all of our processes intact up. That becomes more difficult if the process extends beyond March. And that's why I was very clear in my comments that we’re dependent on this happening that the budget getting clarity and finalization in March. Because going beyond that makes it very -- just makes it difficult for things to get on contract and you run out of runway in the year to convert those into sales.
Jay Malave: Well, just some key things that we're talking about from sales perspective. Lot '18, '19 is a big one for the F-35 program. We also have some long lead F-35 awards that we would be expecting as well. We've got things -- there are some classified contracts across the portfolio. I can't really get into any beyond that. But you're talking multi-billions of dollars there that we have in our order plan for this year. There are things like PAC-3 orders, which is multiple billions of dollars there for FY '24 requirements. And also, I would say hypersonics space, particularly on CPS is another one that can approach $2 billion. So there are a number there. As those get clicked off in the year, we'll certainly report on those and keep you appraised on the progress.
Jay Malave: So let me get into the deliveries. Jason, we do have a handful of deliveries we expect in the first half. But for the most part, you're talking 90% of the anticipated deliveries actually will happen in the back half of the year. And so I think that's just the way to think about just a handful, really in the first half. Maybe I'll kind of give a little bit of color and then hand it over to Jim. For the year, we still expect there to be strong demand, and we have a pretty solid line of sight to a book-to-bill that would be above one yet again in 2024. And so obviously, these things have to materialize. The budget has to be approved and all these things have to happen. But the line of sight is there for continued growth in orders as well as in our backlog. A couple of things, too, and you've just done the question about cost plus. The interesting thing is that part of the margin pressure that we saw in 2023 was due to mix. Our percent of sales of cost type contracts went from 38% in 2022 to 41% in 2023. That in itself caused some margin pressure of about 20 basis points relative to what we were anticipating in the year. And so we're actually seeing an uptick in cost plus contracts, which we think kind of bodes well from terms of risk tolerance in the way some of these stronger technological types of programs will be contracted for. And so I think that is, generally speaking, a favorable trend. Well, the other thing that we're -- just to talk about what we're thinking about contractually, and Jim has really led the way here is that we just are employing a lot more pricing discipline than we have more recently. And we're looking at things and ensuring that there's just a more analytical support for the way we approach pricing. Do we capture any types of technological advantages that we may have also that as we make an assessment of risk, a, the contracting vehicle is appropriate to that risk, but that our pricing accounts for that risk as well. And so that's the way we've been approaching things for really this year going into 2024. And I'll hand it over to Jim.
Jay Malave: Yes. Sure. I'll start with the growth drivers. And for MFC, you would expect, tactical and strike missiles. So the guided weapons, the HIMARS, JASSM, LRASM, all those will continue towards their march through these ramps by 2025 and in certain cases, 2026 and 2027. So that is the largest driver of the growth. And that's followed by Integrated Air and Missile Defense really on the back of PAC-3. So we'll start seeing a more significant spike in PAC-3 activity and deliveries over the next few years here as we get to 550 by 2025, and then ultimately 650 by 2027. So those are the two -- really the two businesses, the lines of business within MFC that are going to be driving it, which is really should be no surprise.
Jay Malave: Let me just circle back, Sheila, on the margins in your question. I'll use MFC as an example in 2024. When you look at their headwind, the headwind is about 200 basis points of margin compression in the year 2024. The MSC classified program is actually accounted for 230. And so the rest of their business is actually expanding by 30 basis points. And so they're doing everything we would expect them to do in their core business. In general, across all of Lockheed Martin, the way we're approaching these headwinds is really threefold. First, we're just keeping a tight lid on overhead and indirect costs and streamlining that cost structure where the opportunities exist. The second is we're driving cost reduction in our direct cost base through supply chain optimization, factory productivity and also on 1LMX driven efficiencies. And then lastly, we talked about a little bit earlier in the call, is just making sure that we're employing pricing discipline across our bid and proposals. And so those three together will help us drive to a better result in the future and give us confidence that we'll be able to expand margins even with these headwinds.
Jay Malave: Yes. Let me start with that question first, and I'll come back to the F-35. Just on the 2025 margins going forward, yes, it would be essentially one lot versus two. However, you got to take into account the volumes that are in that lot versus the volumes that we're in these first two lots. And so you really -- you think about it from a gross headwind, it doesn't necessarily change all that much, because you're -- there's more in there. And so that's what's keeping the pressure. There's not just an automatic lift, because we're going from two lots to one lot in a subsequent year. On the F-35, I mean, I think the way you've talked about it Seth is right, anywhere between 100 to 120 aircraft is in terms of undelivered -- against the 156 type of expected delivery rate is the right way to think about it, yes.
Jay Malave: Yes. I'll just say over the last year, Kristine, we've deployed resources. So we haven't just sat back and waiting for improvement. Depending on the supplier, depending on the issues, we have deployed manufacturing engineering resources. We've deployed quality engineering resources and program management resources as well as, in certain cases, we've actually deployed hourly workers to support suppliers in certain cases. And so we've taken an all-hands on deck approach, where we've seen the issues become more significant. And we've done everything we can to support these suppliers and help them get through. I would expect that to continue where we see these bottlenecks. But as I mentioned earlier, we did see some general improvement. We are expecting that improvement to continue. And in terms of potential upside, what I would point you to is that if we're able to unlock and see a little bit better performance and that what drives to the high end of our sales profit and EPS range.
Jay Malave: Yes. So we delivered five aircrafts in 2023. We would expect that to triple potentially quadruple here in 2024. And so we're -- the ramp is certainly in full force. We've got over 30 aircraft there in WIP as we ended the year. And so that is, I think, from a delivery standpoint, increasing the production cadence is all trending well. From a profitability standpoint, you may recall, we've had some pressure because it's taken us longer to get to this point. And so that puts some pressure on our initial contracts. Here, as we fully deliver those out and deliver on the subsequent contracts, we will see profitability improve on the F-16 over the next few years.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. Sure, Jay. So look, there's a near-term and a long-term approach that we're taking to government contracting with industry. And the near-term piece of it is a lot of what Jay just described, really matching the pricing and the risk profile within our company, I'll say. Now I don't know what other companies doing and how they're making their decisions. But what we've recognized and I've said to our senior customer base, look, we're in a monopsony environment here, meaning there's a single buyer for the most part, for almost everything that we make or Boeing Defense makes or Gel Dynamics makes. And so I guess, the government's credit in a way, they've been taking advantage of that monopsony power, if you will, over the industry. And what's happened as a result of that over the last number of years or even decades is you have lots of programs which are over cost, cost overruns, right, whether fixed price or cost plus and you have scheduled delays because what that monopsony environment can do is give so much power to the buyer that some of the competitors feel that there are must-win programs for them that they will take tremendous risk on cost and pricing and tremendous cost on the ability to technically deliver these capabilities. So when you multiply those two risks together, you get a lot of cost overruns, a lot of schedule delays, programs reviewed by Congress, et cetera. So I've been advocating in the near term and certainly implementing with our company, we don't have any must-win programs at Lockheed Martin anymore. If we have a good business opportunity with a balanced price risk profile, we will bid. If not, we will not bid. If we hit our limit parameters, we won't go beyond those, a competitor may win, so be it. And so that's our near-term approach to this. The longer-term approach is in addition to delivering products that we and our cohorts in the traditional defense industry do so well, we need to start migrating towards delivering capabilities, right? So capability would include either products that are already fielded and/or new products, but especially digital technologies, which is why we are collaborating with so much effort with commercial tech companies large and small, because we can value price capabilities, right? If we sell products, and that's all we do as an industry, we are kind of locked into the far, the federal acquisition regulation as it is written today, which means even a fixed price contract, you've got to provide all your cost information, right? And you have to do it often every year even with a multi-year fixed price, and there can be adjustments. So we want to move as briskly as we can as an industry with our commercial partners to their kind of pricing, which is value-based subscription. That's going to take time. It's going to take changes in government. It's going to probably take literally act of Congress to do it. But that will be the thing that will make our industry healthier on one hand, the traditional defense and aerospace industry, but it will also invite in the commercial tech companies who are basically, if you look at the broad scope investing 10x what we are in R&D. And we want to bring a lot of that 10x R&D and all that talent over into the defense department as part of their supply chain, but it's really tough under the bar for those companies to put time and attention and effort into DoD. So that's the long-term -- a long-term solution, but the near-term solution will also continue.
Jim Taiclet: Look Doug, it's Jim. I think we can continue at this rate. Demand from the U.S. services and our international customers, Air Forces, Navy's, et cetera, around the world is they need the aircraft, right? They've got to recapitalize the planes that they're still flying that I was trying to get when I went to pilot training in 1983, right? So this is essential that this production line keep up, it's the -- basically, it's the recapitalization of the Allied fighter aircraft for us is the F-35. And so I think the key to that is full transparency and realizing the reality of the situation. When you're trying to drive this much technology into an air vehicle, you've got to be honest about the schedule. What can industry do, what can the test and evaluation community handle in the various military to accept that technology and what's the supply chain capacity. And we're being brutally honest with our services and our joint program offices to what we think industry can do with us and our airplane. And industry is who makes the radar. Industry is who makes the EOT, the electrical optical system. The industry is who makes the electronic warfare suite. It's not us. So we have to be brutally honest as an industry and with our suppliers' inputs to that with the government and say what is feasible to keep the production rate up. I think that's starting to get traction. I hope it gets more traction, because we cannot afford to be overoptimistic in the ability to deliver these technologies as rapidly as one might like. There are real technical and physical challenges to doing this. And well our commitment to the government, meeting the service chiefs and our allies is I will tell you honestly, what we think industry can do with the jet. And if you want to push it beyond that, I'll tell you what the risks are and what the cost might be to do it. But let's agree on a feasible executable plan for exactly Doug, what you talked about.
Jim Taiclet: And then when it gets to moving towards a value pricing model, Sheila. The first place that's already starting to happen is in command and control, command situational awareness, information advantages our customers would call it. So those are largely digital services, right? You've got sensors on satellites, aircraft, ships, radars out scanning the sky, infrared sensors in space looking for looms of heat when a missile is launched, things like that. That's data, right? So how do we gathered all the data from our sensors, whatever domain they happen to be in land airspace, et cetera. How do we make intelligent data fusion, and then present commanders and decision makers with options using AI and other digital services. So this will be probably the first place where we can value price because my goal is to bring in commercial technology to do that digital, digital data fusion, evaluation, AI application, et cetera. As I said a minute ago, commercial industry is investing 10x what our aerospace and defense industry could invest in these areas, and we need to take advantage of that. The only way they're going to participate in a material fashion in that industry is value pricing. They're not going to provide cost information. It's just not how their industry works. They're not delivering an airplane that you can add up all the costs that it took to make that airplane and give it to the government, so they can give you the margin on top. So these command and control systems, and they're real programs, by the way, defensive Blohm is a program like this, AIR6500 is one dimension. And also something called Joint Fires Network, which will be deployed in the Indo Paycom Command of the U.S. So this is where I think it will start. And then as we look at mission road maps that we've established and drawn out inside of Lockheed Martin, and we're now sharing and have been sharing with the U.S. services and VOD. We're looking for capability gaps where digital technology can really make a difference, right? So I'll give you one really quick one. So if we could get a direct feed from an orbiting satellite scanning a wide swath of the Pacific to find ships and actually directly provide that data link and that information to aircraft flying in the area, then those aircraft can vector towards those targets and turn on their radars and get a much more precise location and maybe even a tracking solution to sync the ship if that's what's needed. And so that's a mission gap, a capability gap that we would have in an antiship mission. And so how do we value price that because that's basically a data management exercise, which requires what we call 5G.MIL. It requires an artificial intelligence solution within it, and it requires the management of that data at various classifications, which is something not many companies can do besides those in our industry. So we can value price something like that. And I think it'd be a capability gap that would be interesting to the Department of Defense, and they might accept value pricing, but not to take too much time on this topic. But one of the things that we're really advocating for at Lockheed Martin, and we've got some friends of the court trying to work with us on this is, how do we set up an adjacent acquisition process in the Department of Defense to its traditional acquisition process, designed and reconstituted and originated to purchase digital services versus platforms and products, which is what the traditional acquisition system is built to do. That is a heavy lift. It is very complicated. It's what I've kind of referenced earlier, where you're literally going to need to act the contrast to do this. But if we want to value price as an industry, bringing commercial partners at scale, I think the government needs to consider and actually go do this with us.
Jim Taiclet: Ron, it's Jim. Look, the Black Hawk, and I've gotten a flight autonomously and by hand actually. I think has a lot of potential. There's interesting Congress for modernization of the Black Hawk. There's a huge fleet out there. And by adding some of these digital capabilities like autonomy and AI to the Black Hawk, which is a really reliable platform that's offline in units today in great numbers and across our allies. That's a real, I think, value opportunity for the Army's in ring cores and others that use the helicopter. So I do think there's a lot of upside there. I don't want to comment on anybody else's programs or how well or not they may be doing, but this is a proven scaled vehicle with digital technology upgrade and insertion can be very, very versatile. And that can be done much more rapidly than new production of new aircraft. So I do think that there is upside there. Now the services and Congress have to agree. And to that and fund those modernizations and keep those units flying. And that will be up to them. But we are trying to provide them every opportunity to make that decision by inserting digital and other technologies like autonomy that will really make the aircraft much more capable in doing missions like air evacuation, resupply of the hot landing zone, things like that, that when you put it into the entire equation, of completing a mission, it will be a good value to consider it.
Jim Taiclet: George, hey, it's Jim here. I think the story, I told a little bit earlier today is what caused that. There was margin compression in the whole industry here, driven by the [indiscernible] [1:00:20] customer, if you will. So they got pretty good at figuring out how to use their position in the quarter analysis of how they should negotiate contracts. And what I think you're seeing is boards and management of companies in our traditional space, I'll call it, are understanding this now, the management tends to not necessarily -- senior management tends not to necessarily be historically wedded to this business model and looking at other ways to run these companies. And so we are taking the shareholders' interest into account and all the things we talked about, which should help improve our margins, even though it may result in some difficult discussions with some of the customer base. We're prepared to do that. But I think over the last 10 years, as you said, there's been a decline and it needs to reverse to have a healthy industry.
Jim Taiclet: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So over the past 12 months, again, I mentioned the people of Lockheed Martin have worked relentlessly to advance this vision we have for 21st Century security and transform our company internally, and they created produced and delivered cutting-edge capabilities that are focused on what the defense department says as its own strategy that they call integrated deterrence. And we're trying to maintain our company values along the way, and that's to do what's right, respect others and perform with excellence. And all this yields positive results for our employees at work here, our customers and our suppliers and especially our shareholders. So thanks again for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in April. Luis, that concludes the call. Thank you.
