Bruce L. Tanner: Hi, Jason.Jason M. Gursky – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Yeah, welcome Marillyn. Bruce, I wanted to target this question to you and talk a little bit about cash deployment. I think this big pension contribution that we made here during the quarter may have caught a few of us by surprise. And I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about whether you contemplated kind of letting us know that this was going to be coming perhaps why you didn't? And then also maybe just talk a little bit about long-term capital deployment and what you see on the horizon with regard to the mix, we just now had a big pension contribution, does that take that off the table now for a number of years and we get a much more steady stream of operating cash flow that can be used to deploy either back into the business or back into shareholders through repurchases and dividends.
Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, thanks Richard. I’ll take that one as well. So if we look at IS&GS, I think we made a very conscious decision and I discussed this on previous calls, we try to differentiate ourselves somewhat in this market, by focusing on what I’ll call mission IT, where we’re literally sort of providing the embedded capabilities in large measure for our customers as opposed to what I’ll call commodity IT, and you think about that as sort of back shop processing and the like, helpdesks, those sort of things, where we really didn't see, we have done that work in the past, but really we didn't see sort of a discriminator or differentiator for Lockheed Martin in doing that work. So we focused much more on the mission part of the IT service that tends to be a higher margin part of the service activity in the IT world. So that's one thing that gives me the confidence that we continue to do that.  And as I look back Rich, over the last probably eight or nine quarters, IS&GS has been nine or the low 9% return on sales consecutively for those eight or nine quarters. So that gives me confidence again going into 2013, and we continue to do that. You asked about the cyber, we are very excited about the cyber activity within IS&GS. We've had some very successful wins including taking some business away from some of our competitors within cyber. I believe we are the largest federal cyber provider in the industry. And that work is very valued, that's very much in line with that mission IT that I talked about, and that work as you would suspect supports that 9% margin as well.
Bruce L. Tanner: Doug, I’ll try that one as well, I’ll speak for myself, and I think I speak for the Board. We don’t go about selecting share repurchase amounts from what additive to our dividend levels would get us to a certain level of return on our shares or a certain level of return on our market cap if you will. And that is just not the way we think about that. We very much look at this as opportunistic. we’ve increased obviously the share, the dividend amounts considerably over the past few years to where that in and of itself essentially takes care of the 50% or more of free cash flow without any contribution of share repurchases. I think if you look at where our pension plan is sitting from a funding perspective. To me, it’s fairly obvious that you’d want to help that pension plan get a higher level of funding, that’s definitely a near-term use of cash than maybe it was a few years ago, with the rates going down. I’ll tell you that was very much part of the study that I mentioned on discussion with Jason as to, what is the appropriate amount to contribute to the pension versus the real life possibility that interest rates increase, and actually get us into an over-funded situation, but we are certainly not abandoning our share repurchase strategy, we want to remain optimistic, that’s the reason I try to give the color on the fact that we have lots of flexibility, not just this year, but you asked about 2014 and 2015, with growing cash, as I expect to happen over the next two years, I think we’ll have even greater flexibility in ’14, and ’15 than we do in 2013.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, let me give you sort of maybe a wide all-encompassing orders and backlog response to the question, Peter. So expectation wise, if I take a look at where we expect the orders for the year to end, and where we are right now from a backlog perspective, I think we’ll end the year close to the $80 billion level, we might not be able to replicate the $82 billion that’s the highest level we ever have done, but I feel pretty good about being able to get to the $80 billion or so. This will be an interesting year; you’ve seen some of the correspondences come out of the acquisition community relative to delaying some of the near term awards associated with continuing resolution and anticipation of sequestration. So we are definitely expecting to have a significantly more loaded second half of the year than in the first half. So, I would expect each of the first two quarters to be below a 1.0 book to bill, I’d expect the next two to be above 1.0 book-to-bill. I’ll say we have a significant amount of international activity that we’re counting on the year. I’ll just rattle off a few of the orders that I think are important both from a dollar perspective and maybe a strategic perspective. And I’ll ask Marillyn maybe to comment on some of the strategic ones as well. But we got sort of near-term – think of these as first half, I hate to give quarters only because of some of the delays that have occurred. But first half, we got the two LCS ships for the FY13 order. We got closure for the lot six international aircraft for five aircraft. We’re hoping and our customer is hoping to definitize the lot 6 and lot 7 for F-35 negotiations in the first half of the year. I think an important one that I think is worth mentioning is we expect to get long lead funding for lot 8 of the F-35 program for some 48 aircrafts. Just the quantity alone versus the prior year’s quantity is worth mentioning. Think of that as 29 domestic aircrafts and 19 international aircraft including 9 FMS, for military sales, outside of the eight initial partners on the country (inaudible), excuse me. Strategically there is some things to watch that aren’t necessarily big dollar events, but they are strategically important to us. So the Aegis Combat System’s engineering contract, within our MST operations, think of this as next generation Aegis development for the capabilities there. The KC-46 training and the interesting thing about that is we’re actually - the only reason we’re able to bid that frankly is because of the acquisition of the Sim-Industries last year, that gives us some capabilities to do that training capability on the 767 aircraft is the basis of the KC-46. We have the Air and Missile Defense Radar which is sort of the next generation air and missile defense as the name implies, radar for surface combatants. Second half of the year we have a couple of vehicles 5 and 6 for the SBIRS contract, some THAAD UAE follow on production Lot 5 contract for the THAAD order, and some orders they tend to get on the common annual basis, the Fleet Ballistic Missile and next order the RERP, somewhere that mix internationally, we’ve got the C-130 to Saudi as well. We’ve got an Iraqi F-16 order, for another batch of 18 aircraft, we’re hopeful for, and scattered throughout that are other smaller international business, I should point out that in the year 2012, we did about 17% sales, and about 17% of orders on international basis, and that’s roughly what we’re expecting in 2013, maybe little bit higher that the orders as far as the total content of our orders in 2013.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. I’m trying to think of the 30 Myles. I can’t imagine the scenario that would have gotten us to 30 aircraft. I think perhaps the number that you were thinking that might have been a little bit higher was, the Turkish aircraft in lot 8. They are now pushed out to the right. I think if we actually go back a couple of years, you would have seen fewer Israelian, Japanese aircraft, and so it’s actually helped to mitigate some of those Turkish aircraft at least in lot 8, but that’s you asked about the flexibility, I wouldn’t think we would see the orders bouncing around much if any from that level, customers I will say yes, we have ongoing conversations with our customers, and they continue to like at the F-35 as we continue to perform. And I think that’s the more we can do and demonstrate the capabilities of the aircraft and show that capability to customers like South Korea for instance, the more of this aircraft will stay on the future.
Bruce L. Tanner: I think in the press release, I don't have it in front of me George. But I think what they are saying is that F-35 sales and F-35 profit this quarter are comparable to that F-35 sales and F-35 profit levels last year whereas F-22 sales and profit are comparable to last year’s quarter as well, not that the two of them are comparable to each other if you follow.
Bruce L. Tanner: (Inaudible) we’re coming on the hour, but because we have a number of people from the queue are sort of extended the comments today. We’d like to go ahead and extend the call at least another 15 minutes to 4:15 or so to let people ask questions.
Bruce L. Tanner: Rob, you asked the question to me. so I’ll answer it. So as we look at 2013, I think I said in the October call, we’re going to be down probably 10, C-130 aircraft, so think of that – we did, I believe 34 in 2012 and other 24 or so in 2013. The F-16s, 37 last year, about 13 this year, think of that has really no change in aircraft deliveries from the four more flying. All the change we’re talking about there was the aircraft that were delivered on to Turkish lines, so you will see sort of cost fluctuations, associated with that with the aircraft coming off the line in full order. C-5 we’ve talked, we really talked in the October call about the increased volume there. So we ended up delivering four, we actually delivered maybe an extra that we work exactly counting on delivering in 2012, but we ended up with four for the year. We’re expecting somewhere around eight, so kind of a doubling of quantities on the C-5 program next year. And you talked about the F-35 deliveries, we’re looking at probably a 20% increase. We did 30 this year, we’re looking at 36 next year. (Inaudible) aircraft, those were I believe I will make it just a little bit off, I believe those were the tail-end. We started delivering lot 4, aircraft at the end of 2012. We’ll deliver all remaining lot 4 aircraft in 2013, and then we’ll start, and I’ve lost track exactly. We’re out somewhere in the middle of the year, third quarter-ish time of the year, we’ll start delivering lot 5 aircraft, and those will be the aircraft that we deliver all the way through the end of the year. Margins, on the F-35 program. We are expecting to go up in 2013. Therefore no other reason than the absence of the profit adjustment we took, I believe in the second quarter on the SCD contract to lower the expectations on the award fee going forward. But we’re also, because we did have success, I’ll remind you we started 2012 for the goal of delivering 30 aircraft, we had multiple strike at our four more facility, and we still delivered 30 aircraft, and so as you’d like to imagine that says the efficiencies we are getting in the production line are starting to be self evident. And with those efficiencies, we would expect in 2013 to actually have some profit step ups on the production contracts, so we would expect the overall rate between the combined SCD contract and the LRIPs in 2013 to be higher than it were in 2012.
Bruce L. Tanner: So 2013, the orders I was talking about, where we I think what I said is, we expect to have orders given our sales level that would essentially get us back to about $80 billion backlog, so you can kind of solve for the math, I will think of it as, I don’t know somewhere $40 billion, $45 billion or so, and as far as, we are not assuming the effects of sequestration, as I said in my prepared remarks, and how that would manifest itself in terms of the impact in the orders, it always described IS&GS as a very short cycle business, if you look at the numbers for IS&GS right now, we are expecting a downturn in 2013 over 2012, and to large extent, that’s because the federal IT budget has gone down, frankly with or without sequestration, I think a fair question is how much more can you take out as the federal IT budget even under sequestration environment you still accomplish a test that you need from an IT perspective. We don’t have a lot of, we look at, there has probably a shift over the past two years to have more of these IDIQ task orders. So I’d suspect and a lot of those where they are occurring is in the IS&GS business, so I would expect during the sequestration we would see less extra sizing of those IDIQ task orders. I said earlier – in response to another question, I lost track who asked it, that I think we’re seeing some of the sort of the push out orders right now in part, because of Secretary Carter’s, guidance relative to preparation under the continuing resolution, and I would argue one of the prospects of sequestration, they are pushing out some of the larger orders I believe, anything over $0.5 billion as to go to him for approval or it’s authorized. so I’m not knowing exactly how sequestration will be manifested in terms of what I’d like to call the peanut spread versus a targeted spread, it’s hard for me to say how those order could be impacted, whether they’d be pushed to the right or reduced, and at this point, I’d frankly be speculating at this point, other than to say IS&GS will likely get hit the largest percent would be my guess the longer cycle businesses would be get less approval than IS&GS.
Bruce L. Tanner: Hi, David.David E. Strauss – UBS Securities LLC: Marillyn a question for you, you guys have gone after you cost structure very aggressively just like you tell both from a square footage prospective and head count. Despite the fact that the budget hasn’t come down much yet and your top line is held up pretty well. How much more room do you have to address headcount and square footage industrial cost structure and it’s entirety, maybe disproportioning what happens to the budget from here.
Bruce L. Tanner: Let me see if I can do that on top off my head, Sam so $4 billion as you said in 2013 versus the $1.6 billion, level the biggest driver obviously is the $2.5 billion pension contribution, $3.6 million I guess I should say, versus the $1.5 million by 2013. We’re actually expecting a slight increase in our working capital and something I’ll speak from myself, personally that I have targeted to try to minimize that amount of working capital growth. I think some of that might be a little bit of planning conservatism. We tend to plan, even say, our several international orders maybe a little bit lighter relative to payment terms than we actually are able to negotiate that ends up manifesting itself in the form of higher working capital than maybe what we actually experience that what I’ll be watching. Income taxes, I am trying to think what we’re planning on income taxes. See, we’re actually down, I believe, I think we’re down probably like – we’re actually further paying out relative to tax that is fairly close from booking within our earnings it’s down probably about $150-ish million just. So it is sort of a cash flow up down. You see the $150 million from an earnings perspective going down the cash. As far as the biggest drivers that I am looking at next year, a little bit of change in depreciation, amortization, about enough to talk about, so really just sort of the working capital and a slight change in the taxes there.
Bruce L. Tanner: So, Bill you heard rightly. The billion dollars I was talking about was comparing first quarter 2013 versus first quarter of 2012. I gave in my prepared remarks, the aircraft quality changes. So very, very significant within aeronautics and the reason we feel good about it coming back the other way is because those aircraft are higher on a comparative basis to the previous quarter in the next three quarters. The other – just as I look at the data releases, I said here today. Part of the way, I would look at sales going forward. Again, I mentioned earlier, it’s sequential growth quarter-over-quarter. So think of the – it’s obviously lower I believe every single quarter versus 2012, but it gets lower than 2012 by a smaller percent with each successive quarter. Said differently, fourth quarter 2013 is not nearly as far off of fourth quarters of 2012 on the first three quarters of 2013 versus the first three quarters of 2012. And the other thing I looked at is the innovative software, but as more I just say, but the second half of the year from a revenue perspective is about $1 billion for that six months greater than the first half of the year. So we’re definitely the level of back-end loaded in large part because of the aircraft qualities we heave there, but yes something of the other shifts within the business areas as well forcing in the second half.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So let me just add to that, we do have a strong focus on international growth in our growth portfolio, and as Bruce has listed out several items, but certainly there’s continued strong demand for Air and Missile defense in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific, and so we expect to continue to see a pull for PAC-3, THAAD, Aegis and in addition to that air mobility, F-16 as Bruce, he listed off, several of those things that are out there, that we’re looking at, but we expect to grow our portfolio in the international side to at least 20% of our revenue in the next few years.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Then I think as I talked about earlier in my remarks we've made great progress on the program, it's maturing and the development process as well as the production ramping up. We've got 5,000 hours on the aircraft. We are committed to delivering an affordable aircraft and we are on plan, actually we're being ahead of plan to 2010 baseline that was put in place.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well, we are all connected. This is a very tight team, this leadership team and that is why our succession plan has been so smooth and successful. We have been operating to the same strategy for a number of years and the results demonstrate the strategy is working. We have very experienced team of folks and so even though ones that are moving into the new roles have been with Corporation for a number of years. They are all experienced executives, and we spent a lot of time working together on making sure everyone does understand our strategy. So we in fact in another week will have the entire leadership team from across the Corporation together to talk about our strategy for the coming year to build on that, so we don’t work together for a long time, and we’re not in the mood of changing the strategy that we have, but our Board of Directors are directly involved in talent development and the succession training process. In fact, as Joanne and Linda announced their intent to retire, we took that to the Board, we reflected back on our pipeline of talent with them, and there was not even a hesitation on who would move into the next role. So we’ve been calling together with tight leadership team for a number of years and it’s a well planned transition process, and I don’t expect there to be changes. We’ll work together and deal with the environment they’re operating in and adapt to it.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Any competitive threats we’ve taken to account the environment that we’re operating in, I think we have a very strong portfolio, and even me, I think is demonstrating success, the flight test that we had in November and the flight test we have planned through this year, later this year. We’re going to operate to our technologies and our innovation that we bring to the marketplace is the hallmark of this corporation. and we are very much proactively focused on cost efficiencies and that’s a critical discriminator for Israel. So this competition that we are dealing with it’s really not new to us at all. We are used to it. It's constant. That's how we operate all the time. It is in a competitive environment and we will continue to do so. So I don't find that has something that is a big change for us. We understand our competition, we understand the market that we are operating in and we're going to excel in these markets.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Sure. Carter, well, basically on the F-35, there were five negotiations what was important was for both sides to understand the cost structure of their positions. and so we had an opportunity to spend time with our customer, and let them share with us how they viewed all of the cost elements, we had an opportunity to likewise share that with them. and I think through that process we were able to come to a mutual understanding, and get to a closer negotiation and we reached a fair and yet challenging agreement. and so it wasn’t – I think it did take a little longer, because we had a lot of time that we had to go through to, from both sides to really assess it, but it was nothing around the terms and conditions that drove that, it was really around the costs. So I think we’re in a good posture for lot 6 and 7, we already have the undefinitized contract action, and they’re under contract, and we are in direct discussions right now at the program level on the lot 6 and 7 and the intend is to negotiate both of them together and get that done in the first half of the year, and our customers really need us going forward and make sure that we meet the challenges, but they put in front of us and that we’re taking cost out. So in addition to getting our prime negotiated and getting on with our 6 and 7, we are working very hard on taking costs out of our business and driving toward a more affordable product for them in all aspects of our business.
Marillyn A. Hewson: All right. I will just add to that on the sequestration front, I mean that’s why we have been so vocal about what a terrible policy that is to have sequestration come into play, some are very encouraged that we’re trying to – that our government Congress is trying to get to a permanent elimination of those across the board cut, because if fact if they have, if they’re going to take any cuts and they can do it along the lines of the national security strategy and do it in the areas that align better with what our administration and our entire defense is trying to accomplish that’s the best outcome. And for us, as we look at it, I mean, I think we have a great portfolio that’s aligned with those strategic priorities of the US government and our defense department. So if we get through sequestration, and it doesn’t happen and it allows our defense department to decide where they take cuts, we think we’re actually very well-positioned. 
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well I tell. we’re a large corporation, and we have, I think we still have more opportunity particularly on the foot print side. As we laid out a plan to take cost out, we put it in more aggressively about 3 years ago and so we’ve been about this pro active approach to taking out cost in our infrastructure and our processes for a number of years. As you mentioned we have had some reductions in for us we’ve taken our some management layers, we’ve been collapsing some organizations, in order to get some cost out in that regard. And on the foot print side, we’ve taken out about $1.9 million square feet for the last couple of years and we’re going to take another $2.9 million between now and the end of 2014. So there is more to go there, I believe there is also opportunities for us. Just to continue on an ongoing basis to drive cost out, and so that we can meet the demand of our custom members. We’ve been getting out of these space for example, we’ll continue to look at even providing more affordable products to our customers taking weighed out at how we can reduce cycle time, all of those things that would give them a more affordable product as well. So we’ll continue to do that, that is something we set targets on every year, drive cost out of our business, and we want to continue to do that, remain competitive and win more business.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thank you.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Company: Marillyn, I wanted to ask you the sort of a follow up to the question on cost cutting, but a little bit bigger picture and long-term. One of the big concerns we still hear from investors on defense companies, is with regard to the sustainability of margins and whether or not there is a shoot or drop there. And in historical cycles, you’ve seen margins come down pretty significantly, Lockheed Martin has been able to kind of hum along at this 11.5% segment operating margin right through everything we’ve seen thus far. How do you think about where margins go and how sustainable they are? Is there risk in your view that the part of the backlog was more favorable in terms of trade, sunsets and more difficult backlog layers in, just curious how you think about that given your many experiences operating the business? And then, one quick for Bruce. Have you done the math on the 2014 FAS/CAS number with the hypothetical that nothing changes in ‘14 versus ’13.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So, I want to just wrap up here and tell you all thank you for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to speaking to you in April. Thanks. 
