Bruce Tanner: Sam, thanks for that question. It’s a good question. As we looked at our long range planning from last year, that covers basically 2017, ’18, and ’19, 2017 is sort of a peak in terms of the capital expenditures for the corporation. And that reflects a number of things, some restructuring that we're doing within our Space Systems business, moving some of the work around within locations, within Space Systems, and it also reflects the last tranche of investments required to get the F-35 sort of fully capitalized. It increased in, I’ll say between 2015 and maybe years prior to going forward because we added Sikorsky into the portfolio, which obviously has higher capital expenditure requirements than did the IS&GS business, which really had practically immaterial capital expenditure requirements. So if you start to sort of think of 2017 as sort being the high point, at least as we look at it today, going forward we would expect that number to slightly decrease going forward and within that slight decrease going forward, there are some requirements for additional new capital for some of the wins, one of which you described in your question, but that's sort of more than offset by the reductions in the other capital expenditures required, including F-35.
Bruce Tanner: Thanks, Noah. So Aero’s organic growth, I think what I said previously or what you said that I said previously in earlier quarters, still is true today. We're still looking - I’ll probably answer your second question first. We're still looking at the total company, about the 3% to 5% growth going forward, and’18 is a little less than that and actually in ’19, as we sit here today, it probably picks back up. And a lot of that is because as - to your first question, in 2018, we're actually seeing a drop off because we have the end of the F-16 production line, at least based on current orders at the end of our - close to the end of 2017. We have no new production F-16s planned for 2018 as we sit here today, and that's not in the numbers that we've talked about previously. We also have the end of the C-5 program in the early part of 2018, and so those two events are kind of bringing down Aeronautics organic growth. You’re still seeing tremendous growth potential in both the production and sustainment programs for Aeronautics for the F-35 program, but the other two are slightly, as I said, dissipating some of that growth. And that's one of the reasons why in 2019 we kind of bounce back as we're operating off of a lower compare, if you will, in 2018. 
Bruce Tanner: I think the answer is no. it doesn't change, Rob as far as our thinking is concerned relative to the way you've described 2018. Sans pension contribution, I would expect operating cash flow for the corporation to look pretty similar to this year. And again we talked about, after those pension contributions both in 2018 and 2019, but if you add the cash from those years along with 2017, we expect to be in excess of $15 billion. We're off to a great start obviously this year in 2017 and we’ll give you more insight into what we're looking for ’18 and maybe a little beyond as we talk to you on the next quarter call. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes. Just maybe one to address the question of the star - the start of your question, Ron. You should think of most of these as we've already submitted the proposals. So you sort of ask, what's the status? Well, the status is I think we're all sort of waiting and for the most part, the government is evaluating ours along with everyone else's proposal, and we sit anxiously waiting to see the results of that. but there's not much we can do at this point as I said because almost every one of the ones that Marillyn - if not all of them, that Marillyn just rattled off for - we've already submitted the proposals for those. 
Bruce Tanner: I’ll trying that, Finbar. So sustainment is growing fairly rapidly. I mean I want to say it's not quite growing this year at the same pace as is production, but it's growing dramatically over last year's numbers. I mean you should think of this as in the sort of high teens sorts of numbers. So it's growing incrementally and it'll continue to do that for a number of years as we set up more and more bases, both around the United States, but as well internationally as international customer start letting down the aircraft in their home location. So that growth is going to continue. I don't have the exact split, but I want to say if you look at sustainment out of the total F-35 production, I want to say it's probably 20%, 25% as large as the production volume on an annual basis, something like that. And it stays at those sorts of levels for the next few years. So as production grows over the next couple of years to its peak when we hit full rate production, I would expect that the sustainment will sort of follow suit there.  And then your last question, Finbar, was relative to the margins and how we do on sustainment contracts. And I’ll tell you, we do about the same on the F-35 sustainment as we do on production. That might change somewhat in the future going forward, but at least historically and where we sit today, they're pretty comfortable without a whole lot of difference between them. 
Bruce Tanner: Another thing I might offer just for a little perspective. I think you had it right, Seth in that the planned peak volumes for the USAF are sort of far out there right now. Just to give you some perspective on that, we're still in discussions with the Joint Program Office relative to a potential block buy. And the numbers that have been thrown out for that block buy, and this is just again to put some perspective over three LRIPs, is about 400 and - between 440 and think of it as five - 450 or so aircraft over that three year LRIP period. So nearly 150 aircraft per year and that's what we're talking about for LRIPs 12, 13 and 14. So these are literally right around the corner. That’s 150 aircraft, with the USAF buying 48 aircraft in each of those three fiscal years. So the cut to 80, to 60, we're not even approaching the 60 yet, and we're building aircraft of quantities of 150 per fiscal year.  So as Marillyn said, a lot of opportunities to change quantities between now and then. And it will be interesting, once we do see the full SAR report, how much of that was sort of budgetarily really driven, with the potential to change that budget that much that further - that far out, excuse me, versus I’ll say a quantity difference. And if I read the fact sheet right actually from the JPO, I think the actual total quantity of US government buys for F-35s went up coincidentally enough by about 13 aircraft for additional Marine Corps buys. So pushing up to the right, but again as Marillyn said, lots of opportunity to change those values between now and then. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes. George, I’ll try those. So incremental margins, I didn't do the calculation that you just cited, but you're probably right. Your math is always good, George. And we did have a couple of pick-ups. I think we actually - you asked which specific LRIP we had some risk retirements or step ups, and we actually had, I want to say three separate LRIPs. And you should think of these as somewhat older LRIP contracts or LRIP numbers. I believe two of the three were five - LRIPs five and seven. So this is sort of reflecting the fact that we're closing out or getting ready to sort of close out some of those lots. The ones you talked about, the more current ones, Lot 9 and so forth and Lot 10, we're getting good performance on those, but that's probably step ups that we look forward to in the coming years as - coming quarters, as opposed to this quarter here.  And then as far as deliveries, George, now the way I look at that, I think there's - I think we're planning 66 aircraft to be delivered for the year. And what may not be clear in that number is there’s only - the biggest lion's share of that, 61 of those are being delivered out of Fort Worth. The other five are going to be delivered out of the international locations that Marillyn talked, the FACO in Nagoya, Japan and the other FACO in Italy. So none of those five aircraft have yet to deliver, although they’ve rolled out as Marillyn said. So all those are out in front of us. And as you look at where we ended the first half of the year, we'd actually delivered 29 aircraft. That number is a little deceptive because we closed the quarter actually on June 25 as opposed to the end of the month and we actually had some deliveries between then and the end of the month. As we sit here today, George, I want to say we’ve delivered 34 aircraft so far and I think we're on track to deliver 36 by the end of this month. So we're actually progressing essentially right on track on the domestic deliveries. And we do expect those five international deliveries to all take place in the second half. So short set, I think we're tracking to our expectations relative to 66 aircraft for the year. 
Bruce Tanner: You know what, I'm not sure I want to call that in this quarter, Pete. I’ll feel a whole lot better. We do our planning between now and the third quarter. And when we give you the trend information in 2018, I will surely address that then. But I don't think your question is that far off the mark. If the answer is not yes, that's probably where we'd expect the trough, the answer is it’s probably pretty close to that, maybe ’18 but we'll take a look at that when we give you the trend information in October. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, and I should say, in any event we would still expect there - even if it was a trough, I don't see it dropping below 10%. The only question is we've had some, to your point, some pick-ups earlier this year is, can we match that next year going forward? But again I’ll give you a lot more insight in the October call. Thanks.
Bruce Tanner: David, I'm actually glad you asked that clarification on the 3% to 5% were sort of based on current rev-rec methodology. Although we've give more information on this when we have the results, when we give the trend information in October. But at the least preliminarily (indiscernible) pulling together in anticipation of that rev-rec changing, we're kind of I’ll say running rev-rec in addition to the normal methodology for the first quarter and second quarter. I haven't seen the second quarter results yet. But so far everything is indicating that you would think we should see a whole lot of difference. And part of the reason for that is a lot of the units of delivery are what we call POT, Passage on Title transfer where we essentially record sales upon delivery. As long as you're sort of delivering at a constant rate and the program is not at the end of its life if you will, then you wouldn’t expect to see a large swing, even when you’ve converted over to a percentage of cost or cost to cost methodology, and that's sort of our expectation. We don't see a large drop off or a large increase or decrease in our POT deliveries there. So most importantly on our rev-rec, F-35 is not - does not change one bit and that's obviously the biggest driver of Aeronautics and for that matter, sales for the corporation. So I'm hopeful having said that, Dave, that the 3% to 5% sort of works under either methodology, the current methodology or the new rev-rec methodology is what I'm trying to say and we’ll see what that looks like when we provide the trend information in ’18 as I keep saying.  Relative to the free cash flow conversion, we teed this up. In the past, David, you and I have had a couple of conversations on this. We - I think the - we talked about FAS income. You sort of brought that up. In 2020 - the 2020 timeframe is the end of the accruals relative to our pension trust going forward. So essentially the trust becomes completely frozen at that point in time. And because you lose the service cost, we actually end up getting FAS income in that point in time. As far as cash is concerned, we will expect to see cash contribution, the ERISA contributions continue to increase through that period of time. But we would also expect to see CAS recoveries in our price that are government contracts increase by about a similar amount. So we still expect to have a tailwind associated with pension cash and free cash flow literally going out. I think it’s still consistent what we showed maybe as much as a year ago that all the way out through 2025, at least as we sit here today, we expect to have some tailwind from pension dynamics relative to our cash flow going forward, and that's still what we see today. 
Bruce Tanner: Cai, I’ll take a stab at that and Marillyn can add some color to it if she wants to. So relative to the first question and how we're doing, we're actually tracking hopefully better or better than planned relative to international orders today. I don't have necessarily the book to bill for the year, but I mean trying to do this math in my head, I think we're slightly ahead of book to bill as we sit here today, meaning international order are higher than international sales to date. I would expect that to be the case at the end of the year. A lot of that obviously is predicated on whether or not we get sort of the first tranche of the KSA, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia orders that Marillyn talked about, those $28 billion worth of orders. There's the potential that some of those can come in between now and the end of the year. It's not obviously clear that they will. There’s obviously some congressional notifications and the like that has to take place and getting the funding employees to do that. But there is that possibility.  Now, even without that, I still think we'll probably be, probably in a positive situation book to bill because we won't have the sales for that either for international business there. So having said that, as we look out in the future, and you didn’t ask this question, Cai, but we still think we've got a chance to end the year potentially at around $100 billion of backlog if some of these, especially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia orders come in this year, as opposed to next year. But even without that, 95 to 100 is probably what we're expecting, and again more on the international side than the sales for the year. So a positive book to bill.  You asked about the air missile defense. We're still in conversations with Germany right now, the MEADS opportunity there. There's a stated objective to get that negotiation complete by the end of this year. We'll see if that actually closes then, but if not then, I would hope that that closes at least in the early part of 2018. And obviously there's Poland with the Patriot sale and we'll do a lot of the PAC-3 - all the PAC-3 missile associated with that sale. You mentioned some other NATO countries. I’ll let Marillyn maybe jump in and give you a little more insight than I can provide to you.
Bruce Tanner: I’ll try those, Myles. So we’re pleased with where space is heading this year in terms of sales. It’s - as I said in the prepared remarks, it's a little higher than our expectations. And obviously we increased the guidance for the year. It’s a little higher than what we expected when we started the year. I do think that portends well for 2018 growth. And there's some of that coming from our special programs business and there are some opportunities there that we have to see how they play out that will drive that either higher or not as high, depending on the outcome of those opportunities.  And then relative to the incremental margin, you have that right, Myles and that is reflective of the fact that some of that volume was offset by the commercial satellite charge that we did take in the quarter. And that's probably worth talking maybe a little bit about, only because it - that sounds like a bad item to have a charge on the commercial satellite. But this is really taking our old legacy A2100 satellite bus, which we've had for a number of decades and really providing a technology refresh of that legacy satellite. So it's sort of updating it to the current state of the art. We’re putting a whole lot of new technologies and capabilities into it, everything from power capabilities and increases to the propulsion on the satellite, the electronics. We've got a new solar array, new power regulator. So a lot of different items all being sort of put together. And unfortunately the satellite where this happened to be the first article for production, was the largest commercial satellite we ever built, or will have ever built.  And so - well, that's the bad news. The good news is, is this new configuration satellite has already resulted in new orders from the US government. And I look at it as this is something that we had to do. We had to refresh that product line and while I'd prefer it not to be on a fixed price commercial international contract I have to sort of cut your teeth on, we're glad that we're doing this now because this will position us to have a foundation for new satellite offerings hopefully for years to come. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So good question, Joe. That’s something we’re - we obviously talk every September with our board relative to future deployment actions relative to dividends, but before that session, before we have those discussions and we discuss that sort of strategic view with our board of directors, I’ll say the expectation is it's sort of more the same in terms of our deployment actions. We do have some near term debt retirements coming up starting in 2018. We’ll come - that's something that we’ll guide you towards relative to the trend information ’18 as far as our thinking relative. To refinancing that or paying that off. But our expectation is we probably do some deleveraging as I sit here today going forward in the near term. Those aren't huge chunks of debt, but some of these frankly are the very short term financing that we did actually to finance the Sikorsky transaction
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So this question, Peter, that's actually something I looked at as I was prepping for the call also. The first half deliveries of Black Hawks are down. And at least as I post that with our team at RMS, that really is just because of the timing of the contract deliveries in the current multi-year eight Black Hawk order profile. Even though we're down as you pointed out relative to last year, the expectation is that we still expect to actually deliver more Black Hawks this year than we did last year, just not a huge number, just a handful there. But we would expect to catch up and actually have sort of sequential growth in Black Hawk deliveries, with fourth quarter obviously being the highest by quite a bit relative to the first quarter. A little bit of a different pattern than what we saw in 2016, but that is the contractual pattern. And I didn't look close enough to see if that's because of the types of aircraft we have. We have some MEDEVAC helos versus utility helicopters and that might be part of it as well. But all sort of expected and that is the plan going forward again to sort of finish the year higher than we did this year.  You also asked about - there was another part of your question, Peter. I think you asked about 2018 relative to the multiyear nine. the multiyear nine, I think in - and I haven't got my head exactly around the deliveries next year, but I think they're fairly complement - maybe a little less than this year, but not hugely less. Alternatively as we look forward, the biggest - bigger drop off frankly is in the Romeo helicopters. These are the Naval Hawk helicopters if you will. That's sort of coming to a much lower number of production aircraft delivery like maybe by a third or so or more reduction next year. So one thing that we're watching to see if we can get some rebound on that is from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. One of the items that was in that, actually two of the items that was in that $28 billion that Marillyn referenced before was for additional Black Hawks on top of what's in the multi-year nine Black Hawk deal today. And an additional - or additional Romeos are the Naval Hawk helicopters as well. So those have got to sort out and again the timing event, Peter is what we're watching very, very closely to see whether or not those orders come in this year, the early part of next year. But we're hopeful they can sort of butt up against the multi-year nine deliveries we're talking about.
