Bruce Tanner: Yes, thanks, Myles. I'll take that one on. I think the simplest way to understand it is we are seeing pretty much new starts in all of our business areas, and you've seen some of that in prior orders that were released. And frankly, some of that you haven't seen because some of that has occurred on some classified contracts and actually multiple business areas. So I won't be able to get into probably as much detail as you would like in that discussion, but suffice to say that that's actually causing some of that margin pressure that we're seeing going forward as well. The largest single item that is driving the margin reduction next year, though, is actually our ULA equity earnings. Those are actually going -- we expect those to be down nearly $150 million or so from this year's estimate of the equity earnings from ULA. And you should think of that as a pretty significant reduction in both the launch quantity in terms of the number of vehicles launched, but probably more importantly, a pretty significant change in the mix of those launch vehicles. So we have more, for instance, Delta IV launches in 2018 than we expect to have in 2019. Those are obviously the most profitable launch vehicles in all of ULA's portfolio.  So that's the biggest driver. But as I said, without going into all the various pieces, maybe I'll tell you what. I'll try to hit just a couple of the business areas maybe very quickly going into next year. I'll give you more detail on this, Myles, when we talk to you in January. But as far as the margins in aeronautics, we actually expect those to be fairly similar next year to what they are this year. And that kind of goes to the comment I think I made in my prepared remarks, where we actually do expect to have legacy programs, as we're calling them, have increases in margins year-over-year. But start-up activities, including by the way, I'll count the F-16 production program as a restart there. We've been out of production for some 3 years, so that's one example of where I would cite we have production I can talk about. Other programs in some of the classified, in the Skunk Works areas, the contract activity that's driving us to have kind of a flat margin going forward. Our Missiles and Fire Control margins, probably maybe slightly lower, comparable to slightly lower than it is this year. And again, the same story is within aeronautics. Legacy programs are actually expected to have margin improvement. We're actually seeing pretty good growth in our SOF GLSS contracts, higher than we expected, quite honestly. And you recall that contract brings lower margin than in the overall portfolio of Missiles and Fire Control. Probably the biggest single driver, though, at Missiles and Fire Control is a whole bunch of new starts. And you should think of those as hypersonic programs, new starts, as well as a number of other programs, including classified activity that's going on there that we've talked about orders being received previously on this call. RMS, right now, we're looking at actually pretty comparable margin going forward. So really, you should think of the first 3 business areas that I've talked about, ARRW, Missiles and Fire Control and RMS all having comparable -- maybe slightly less in Missiles and Fire Control. The biggest driver, as I said, earlier, is Space Systems or Space, and that's primarily because of the ULA equity earnings there. The rest of the portfolio is actually performing about as expected next year compared to this year.
Bruce Tanner: David, I'll take that one on as well. So you had a lot of parts in that question. I'm just going to try to keep up with them. Relative to revenue growth on F-35, I think what you surmise is pretty accurate. And we did have some pretty significant growth in the quarter. I think we were double-digit, actually a little more than double-digit on F-35 in the quarter. As we look, and maybe that's the heart of your question, what does that look like next year, I think, you said relative to the ramp-up from 91 to about 130 aircraft. We would expect F-35 next year to also grow probably at the double-digit, maybe a little bit higher than that. And that's for both production and sustainment activity, David. And the one wildcard that I'll mention that really did surprise me as well as we were getting ready for this call is that actually the development activity on F-35 is going to grow at double-digit rate next year. So part of that is we had a pretty significant reduction in the older SDD contract from 2017 to 2018, but we're starting to see more and more sort of new noncore SDD development activities being added to the contract. And that's actually growing, as I said earlier. That's growing, the development portfolio, higher than double-digit from 2018 to 2019, so that's kind of a pleasant surprise for us. Cost curve, I don't have the learning. Maybe Marillyn does at the top of her head. I want to say we were at the mid-80s to maybe a little bit higher percent learning curve on F-35. I think that's about right that we've been running about that level, almost since the LRIP 1, David. So we're still maintaining that. At some point in time, that will start to level out as we've kind of branched all we can out of our learning curve, and that's where we need to have some potential investments to get some sort of step improvements going forward there. But at least, right now sort of year-to-date and we're still -- or Q-to-date and we're still seeing that trend. Think of it as mid- to higher 80% learning curve is what we're experiencing on F-35. by the way, very much in line with what we've seen on other legacy production programs, if not slightly better.
Bruce Tanner: The one thing I want to add, Marillyn, is -- Rob, I think I wouldn't necessarily draw a long conclusion from 3 awards. I'll tell you, those were disappointing for a lot of reasons. But the fact that they were really decided, all 3 of them, on sort of a LPTA basis didn't help the situation. It's not getting -- I would argue, the best capabilities for the warfighter in the hands of the warfighter. What else? I don't think that's entirely universal amongst all the competitions that we've seen this year. And we frankly won some competitions where we weren't the highest price. So I do know that you can automatically, as I said, draw a conclusion that, that's necessarily a change from on every program that's going to be competed going forward. So it's not a one-size-fits-all, if you will.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so as we said, we experienced growth all throughout 2018. And we talked about that on previous calls as far as how we came out with roughly a 2% expectation, we ended up actually having 6% growth over 2017. And I think in the past, I attributed that to the significant plus-up in terms of the omnibus increases. Many -- higher rate of awards, and especially in the first half of the year than what we were expecting to have and an earlier turn-on for a lot of those awards than what was historically we've seen. This, I think, speaks to the speed concept that Secretary Mattis always talks about now, is getting things to the warfighter's hands quicker. So I think that was part of the reason we're seeing in 2018 as high as we are. 2019, I'll try to do the same, if you will. I think the highest growing business area is going to be Missiles and Fire Control. I think they're going to grow probably a little bit north of double-digit, maybe not much more than that. Next up is aeronautics, which collectively, I think, is probably going to grow probably in the high single digits, not quite the double-digit level but that's still good growth there. RMS and right now, both RMS and Space are expected to be sort of comparable to where our results were for 2018 or where they're expected to be for 2018. I think that there's a business area or two that I could point to, where there may be some opportunity to get some growth beyond that. The comparable level is probably in both of those. I think we had some potentially good news, for instance, on the Canadian Surface Combatant competition and depending on when that gets fully awarded. I won't go through the entire process. That has the potential, I think, to create some growth going forward. So I'm watching those faces, but you should think of it, Jon, as really the Aeronautics and Missiles and Fire Control sort of carrying the heavy load in terms of sales growth, with Space and RMS somewhat comparable expectation to where they are this year, with hopefully some upside to that level.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. Thanks, Rich. Let me figure out how to better navigate through your question there. So we've given sort of 3-year numbers in the past. We're actually going to talk about that probably more in the January call, but I'll give it a shot here as well. So in the past, we've said that we had expected about $3 billion in 2018. We're ending up at about $3.4 billion, so a pretty good beat relative to our expectations there. We still see in 2000 -- I would say, 2019 we're providing a trend information of at least $7 billion. We still see $7 billion, which we teed up in one of those charts that we briefed previously in 2020. And you should think of that, Rich, as we're actually seeing some pretty good-sized working capital growth in both 2019 and 2020 associated with a lot of our new start programs. It so happened that it happens on a time when it's sort of fortunate for us because it happens in 2 years where we don't have pension contribution, so we're kind of able to have nice, robust cash in both '19 and '20, even while we're growing working capital. The fortunate thing about 2021 is that working capital starts to actually reverse itself, so we actually start to recover a lot of the working capital growth we're actually seeing in '18, '19 and '20. And at least as we sit here today, Rich, and I'm not trying to give a 3-year guidance number for you, but I would think that the 2021 cash ought to be fairly comparable to our cash from operations in 2019 and 2020. And that's despite the fact that we start making pension contributions at a pretty good magnitude in 2021, somewhere north of $1.5 billion or so. So you should think of that as we're recovering working capital in that time frame. We're also starting to have higher depreciation recovery in terms of cash recovered versus the capital expenditure increases we've seen in the last couple of years, and we expect to see next year as well. And then lastly, the profit growth we're getting from the sales growth that we talked about earlier. So sort of those three things is what's giving us a pretty -- as we sit here today, at least, I'll say a fairly good expectation that we can hold at the $7 billion level, at least as we're looking out for the next 3 years or so.
Bruce Tanner: So Sam, I'll take that. It seems like I get this question every year, and every year it seems like I'm saying next year is sort of the peak of capital expenditures. And unfortunately, that's not the case now. But I would argue this is all good news. Capital expenditures next year, probably going to be $1.5 billion or more than that, slightly, so a pretty good increase from this year. At least, in our 3-year planning, the 2020 capital expenditures are actually higher than 2019. And then, they come down actually fairly dramatically in the 2021 time frame. So our free cash flow will start to look better in 2021 because of that. And most of it -- you kind of nailed it, Sam. Think of this as the continuing ramp-up of both buildings and tooling at Missiles and Fire Control to support capacity increases for weapons and air missile defense programs. So I think I've talked about in previous calls that we're seeing significant demand to increase production rates on a number of our programs, particularly the weapons but not exclusively weapons, also air missile defense. And I like to use the example of Hellfire. I think we're building similar -- I think the capacity numbers we're being asked to support, we're going to go up to like 11,000 per year or more. PAC-3, we've got a request that could potentially go up to 500 missiles per year. So we're seeing some fairly good-sized requests in terms of additional capacity. That's the good news. And the good news, I guess, also is that it takes capital to support those requirements in order to support those increases that will result in growth in the out years once that capacity comes online. So that's what's going on at Missiles and Fire Control. At Space, we're completing sort of a fairly large infrastructure support to have a brand-new sort of manufacturing facility for larger satellites that will actually result in a more efficient build of those satellites as well. And that sort of starts to finalize, I think in 2019. And then finally, we actually are seeing a ramp-up of both buildings and the tooling in those buildings at Aeronautics, primarily to support our Skunk Works or ADP programs out in the West Coast. So this is where a lot of the stuff that we can't necessarily talk about is going on. But it does take added infrastructure to support that going forward. So the three big chunks, that's the reason for the capital increases over the next couple year. Marillyn, I don't know if there anything else I left out.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, I'll take a shot at that, Doug. So I look at this. And really, we were thinking we possibly could get a question on this during the call. But we've really just had, as Marillyn said, the one significant order so far, which was for the MMSC. So think of that as a next-generation LCS, if you will, but more capable ship. The largest order that we've been waiting on obviously, is THAAD, and that has not taken place yet, not sure when that will take place. But the interesting thing about the THAAD order is while it brings a significant increase in the backlog, the resulting sales, profit and cash flow with that order are very much pushed to the right. And you should think of that, Doug, as it's because there's a dependency on the radar that has to have a technology refresh, that is actually some years out into the future. So even with the large orders, we would not have significant sales in the near term because those missiles would be arriving too soon to be supported by the actual radar that needs to be refreshed, as I said. So I think the initial operating capability in Saudi is like 2023, if I'm not mistaken. And just to give you some idea of the level, I don't have -- your question was on backlog. I don't have the exact level of backlog, but I did take a look at sales projections going forward for KSA, and I think we have in 2019 about less than $0.5 billion of sales plan. And I looked out into 2020, it's just less than $900 million of sales. So not a huge amount of dependency on the activity even though the opportunities we've described are much larger than that, obviously.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. Probably not so much international orders as fourth quarter is always the quarter where we get quite a bit of domestic orders from the U.S. government. It's the first quarter of the fiscal year, and that tends to have quite a bit going on, with new funds being left there. The biggest order, obviously, by far is -- and I should have said that does include international orders as well. And there is the F-35 economic order quantity or block buy. You should think of that as about 219 aircraft comprising lots 12, 13 and 14, both for U.S. aircraft, all 3 variants, as well as a significant amount of international aircraft as well. So that's, obviously, the biggest single order. You should think of that as approaching $30.5 billion or so. We also expect to get the added FY '18 20 aircraft that came on the FY '18 appropriations in the fourth quarter as well. And then, we'll get quite a few -- I'll say the normal, as I said, first quarter, the fiscal year orders for things like the PAC-3 fiscal year '19, probably another block buy of THAAD missiles. All the normal orders have sort of come up with that fiscal year. We're looking at actually growing backlog in large part because of the -- we actually have a record backlog, as Marillyn said and as I've said, in the third quarter, but we expect that number will exceed $120 billion by the end of the year, primarily because of what we just talked about on the F-35 block buy but not obviously exclusive to that. Going forward, in the 2019, I won't go too forward into the year, but we would expect to hopefully get -- at U.S. international, we'd expect to see an F-16 Slovakia order next year. I think we have next year out of the 24 C-130s, that we expect to get probably about 11 will be international aircraft and 6 of those hopefully for Germany in that category. Let's see, what else, I'm thinking out loud. That's probably enough for right now. Like I said, a lot of the other orders in our business areas are really coming from domestic sources, like some Orion orders. We're going to get 2 -- we'll, I can't think what the E stands for. It's the flight of the Orion.
Bruce Tanner: Exploration something. We already got 2 of those orders on Orion next year, so it's a pretty good-sized order within our Space business. And again, as I've mentioned earlier, Peter, we have the potential for closing on the Canadian Surface Combatant, which is a huge program. I think that's probably the largest shipbuilding program in the world once it starts, and we will be the integrator and combat system provider for that. I think the total content potentially that comes out of that is north of $7 billion. So wouldn't expect to get that all in one fell swoop in an order in 2019, but that will be the initial start of something that large.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, I think you've got it pretty well nailed, Seth. And the only thing I might throw out there is we'll get, obviously, a little bit lower tax -- cash taxes paid because of deductibility of future pension contributions that we'll be making in that time frame as well.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, let me take the -- well, I'll think about your second. Let me take your first one there. So we did have some pretty good step-ups, or risk retirements as we call them, on F-35 in the quarter. You should think of that as mostly, I'll say getting to sort of an annual review of older production contracts that took place in the third quarter. So I think the step-ups we have, the biggest ones were actually on LRIP 8 and LRIP 9. And that's just sort of taking both of those programs, I think -- that's just sort of taking both of those programs from where we had booked profit up to date to sort of where we expect to be at contract closeout. And that happened to be in this quarter. And just given the size of those contracts and the size of the difference we had and where we were booking versus where we expect to be at completion, that ended up being a pretty good-sized risk requirement. Trend going forward, as I said and maybe it wasn't clear, but this is one of those legacy programs that I would think we'd have the ability to do a little bit of margin improvement, and we actually did cross the 10% ROS level in 2018 for the entire program, which we've been talking about for a long, long time that, that was sort of the year we were targeting, and we actually got there this year. I think there might be some potential for incremental improvement going forward. But I think more of the story of F-35 is just going to be the volume of the -- or sort of similar to maybe slightly improving margins going forward trend-wise, as we would characterize it. As far as the pension funding and the return on assets it could drive, I think at the 1% level, I think, Rob, that would probably drive maybe a couple of hundred million dollars of funding in the 2020 time frame. We've talked previously about having 0 contributions in both '19 and '20. I think we're now seeing probably a little bit of a required contribution in 2020, which by the way, we did not have when we first came out with the $7 billion in both of those years. So I think we'll be able to offset -- more than offset that going forward and still maintain the $7 billion we said even with the now $200 million or so of contribution.
Marillyn Hewson: No, not for us. I mean, that's not the kind -- that's not what you would expect from Lockheed Martin, and that was the point in my opening remarks is that we're going to pursue good business for this company and being able to perform at what we say we can perform, too, for our customers. So that's the key for us. How other competitors behave in this environment, I really can't speak to you. You'll have to ask them.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question, Rajeev. I guess as we look at fiscal year '20, right now the President -- that future year defense program input that came out earlier this year was showing an increase -- a modest increase in FY '20 funding levels, and we'll just have to see what's actually submitted in the presidential budget. That doesn't come in until early next year. We'll wait to see. But I'll just remind you, it was very healthy in FY '18 and '19 with -- giving not only us, but our industry counterparts, a lot more visibility. And as you know, we have long-cycle business, and so we've got a lot of things in motion now as we would be looking into 2020. We're always mindful of the BCA caps because they come back into play in 2020 and 2021. And we're always [indiscernible] with our lawmakers to [indiscernible] and they need to address that. And they have been addressing that for these two year bipartisan budget cap agreements that they put in place. So hopefully, they will continue to do that because Secretary Mattis and the Trump administration have highlighted that we've got to continue to modernize our military. Now I do know that the President did come out and asked all the departments across the government to look at a reduction of 5% in their spending, and that's just a way to try to focus on affordability and reducing cost, but we'll see how they come back with DoD because they have also been very strong about the need to focus on defense spending and modernizing our military. So we'll see how that plays out. But back to my point earlier, right now we're seeing a modest increase for FY '20. Who knows, it could be even higher because of the modernization that needs to happen.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, first of all, I don't think it growing in sales is unacceptably big to the corporation, but we like to see it continue to sell all around the world as we've said. We like to see it go the way of the F-16, which, as you know, we've sold over 4,500 aircraft around the world. And today the F-35 program of record is around 3,200, so we hope to see it to continue to grow at that level. I understand your question, though, it being a large element of the corporation. And it really is a program that has -- if you look at it, it's not a single customer and has broad-based support. It's a global product, so not only do we have the domestic customers across fleet services, but we have today with 9 international -- 8 international partners and the 3 FMS customers and many more. They're making the decision on their fighter aircraft procurements that I think they will find the best choice is the F-35, hopefully. It's going to continue to sell and it's broad-based. So even though it is a big program relatively speaking, when you consider the customer base, it's -- I think that helps mitigate the risk. In addition to that, we're seeing a lot of -- yes, as I said in my opening remarks, we're seeing a lot of growth in all elements of our business. So every business area contributed to the growth for this quarter and for our outlook for the year, and we'll continue to see growth. We've got a lot of new programs across the business, and they will help to likewise mitigate the risk of one single program. So I feel very comfortable, and I'd like to see the F-35 sales continue to grow.
Marillyn Hewson: Sure. I'll conclude the call today. And I want to conclude just by reiterating that the corporation had another strong quarter, and we consider ourselves very well positioned to deliver growth and substantial value to our customers and our stockholders as we progress towards the successful closure of 2018 and as we look ahead into 2019. So I want to thank you all again for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in January. John, that concludes the call for today.
