Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question, Rob. Well, as we are looking at deliveries for 2016, 53 deliveries as I mentioned in my opening remarks, it will grow to roughly 59 or 60 in 2017 and then by 2018 it will be up to roughly 100 aircrafts and then beyond that – so, if you look at over those three years, it’s about 250 to 260 aircrafts going forward.  And we really see that the program is getting much more stable as we continue to ramp up. The LRIP-11 is going to be the last LRIP where we will be a fixed price incentive contract and then we move into production lot one and on and that will likely be from a fixed price. 
Marillyn Hewson: And Cai, thank you for your comments. We are really excited about the transaction. So appreciate your congratulations. 
Marillyn Hewson: The only other thing I would add is, as I said in the past, we aligned well with them in terms of focus on innovation and technology. We are always looking beyond a day and at the rotary wing area is one that is in great demand and one that we want to continue to invest in the research and development to bring better and new innovation to those platforms. 
Marillyn Hewson: So let me just wrap up the call for today and summarize the year and how we are looking at the business going forward. I want to end by reiterating that the Corporation completed an extraordinary 2015 strategically and financially and the performance of our team continues at a very high level, even amid our bold strategic actions that we took to position the business for future growth.  As we are looking into 2016, our record backlog coupled with increasing DoD budget has the Corporation positioned for a bright future of top-line growth and increasing cash flows. Through the focus, dedication and integrity, we continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and stockholders.  So, again, thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you in our next earnings call in April.  Karen, that concludes our call today. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, thanks for the question, Howard. So, you hit – this is a very complicated quarter and a very complicated outlook for 2016 because of all the moving parts you just described. We did have a restructuring event at the end of the last year. You saw that this is in our MST business. It amounts to about $67 million.  Think of this is a sort of rightsizing that business post the integration of Sikorsky into MST. I also mentioned in the chart that shows the adjustments to Sikorsky that we are seeing some carryover what I would call restructuring charges from the actions that were taken at Sikorsky in 2015 before ownership that are somewhat carrying over into 2016.  Those now quite offset each other but it’s pretty close. As you said, we had the R&D tax credits that occurred at the end of 2015, which benefited us – it wasn’t in our outlook until it literally happened in the month of December. The good news about that is that’s now becoming permanent going forward so, because it is permanent, we’ve also assumed that in our 2016 outlook.  We had some deal closure costs that also hit 2015, think of that is about roughly $0.09 a share or so, I think about $45 million collectively for those sort of transaction costs. And then 2016 is where it gets complicated. We’ve got – as I said, the purchase accounting adjustments for Sikorsky, the integration costs for Sikorsky.  So just a lot of moving pieces there. It’s also important to note that as a result of the debt deal that we did to acquire Sikorsky, interest expense is somewhere on the magnitude of about $230 million or they are about higher than it was in 2015. So I hit the – I think most of the sort of the things are changing that are between the years, Howard, they are probably a couple I left off, but I think those are the big drivers. 
Bruce Tanner: Rich, I’ll take those two. So, we had talked about the C-5 program in the past and the fact that there was some – what we thought were some over and above activities that we build it created some entitlements for some adjustments. We still believe that to be the case, but we have not factored that in our guidance for 2016.  I’d love to say it’s going to happen this year but I am not sure I am that good at predicting the future. But we do think we still have entitlement there. So hopefully that helps with that question. From a C-130 multi-year, thanks for the comment, relative to getting that done and it’s good to have that program stretch out to 2019 now. You asked about do we have the same margin opportunity.  I have described this in other forums where you should think of new multi-years as sort of starting off at a lower initial profit recording rate than probably where we ended the current or older multi-year and contract some of the C-130 programs.  So we will see some – I’ll say optically lower margins from a GAAP perspective, because we are starting that program lower, but at the end of the day, and sort of from an economic value perspective, we would expect the current multi-year program to have very similar economics and especially similar cash flows even from day one as the previous programs that we completed. So, while a little bit of near-term – I’ll say, EPS and margin pressure relative to what we have done in years past with prior C-130 deliveries, we think at the end of the day, the economics for those two programs are comparable. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, Cai, I’ll take that one. So, we should think of the discussion in what was – what we talked about from the Leidos point of view is this is more of an EBITDA comparison than the EBIT numbers. The segment EBITDA actually that we are showing for IS&GS, so your numbers are right as usual and think of it is about $360 million of segment EBIT from IS&GS this year. I mean, the first adjustment that’s made to that to get the EBITDA is obviously to take out the depreciation and amortization.  You should think of those being collectively about $80 million because we have some level of depreciation from the capital assets there, but we also have the amortization from previous acquisitions within IS&GS and so that gets you to what about $440 million or so.  That the total EBITDA for this business going into Leidos, you should think of it as about in the $500 million-ish range and the delta to go from what I just described from the original EBITDA – segment EBIT plus the depreciation and amortization, there is a lot of moving pieces to get to the top but the biggest single one the elimination of the pension costs.  We are repaying those assets and liabilities and therefore that cost reduction is what the other benefit is to get to roughly the $0.5 billion of EBITDA for IS&GS in the new structure. 
Bruce Tanner: George, I think – my fault – I probably confused speak about the words I chose to use there. I am not trying to give you an outlook of what 2017 looks like compared to 2016. So that’s not the way to view the words neutral to higher. It’s what would 2017 and beyond look like now after IS&GS versus had we retained IS&GS.  And the words you said are exactly what I intended which is, back to Cai’s comment, we are losing, think of it as $360 million of profit that you would expect to have a negative earnings per share impact because of this split-off arrangement and the expectation that we get $15 million shares back, plus the benefits potentially of the $1.8 billion in cash tax free, that we’ll be able to have enough share count reduction to offset the effects of that $360 million or actually it’s maybe a little more than that.  And that’s all we are intending, it was not intended to say we expect 2017 EPS to be neutral or higher. In fact, we expect 2017 to be higher than 2016 for all the reasons that you just said. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, really good questions, Seth. This is something, obviously, it’s a 50-50 joint venture with Boeing. So this is probably a question that was better answered from the two partners as opposed to a single partner. We had some good things happen recently relative to the ability to procure the Russian RD-180 engines and think of those for the civil and commercial marketplace.  That activity is very strong. We are seeing some benefits actually from the cargo – the CRS, I’ve lost track with the acronym stands for the crew re-supplier cargo re-supply mission where two of the three vehicles are – it’s currently slated to be launched by Atlas Vehicles. So, that’s helping us. We have some kind of bridge we think to get to the ability to have developed an American engine if you will to replace the RD-180.  Right now, it is not our expectation that that will require contributions from the parents, but that’s something that we got to work out sort of between our partner and the US government to ensure that. As you know, and as you read, we have had some commercial development activity on the engine front and we are watching that closely and see how that place out.  But you should not think this is requiring large contributions from a developmental perspective to develop that engine going forward. I think you also asked about the earnings in 2016 maybe compared to 2017. You should think of those maybe down a little bit, but actually fairly comparable year-over-year between what we had in 2015 and what we expect in 2016. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, Peter, good question. That is still very much the plan and the expectation and that’s – that is the work that the MST team is doing now. Last year it was sort of spent in the integration mode bringing Sikorsky onboard and making sure everything can happen from the IT services to making payroll and alike. 2016 is very much focused on creating synergies and capturing those synergies.  I had said in the – in our October call, we thought we could have about $150 million sort of steady state runrate. That occurs probably in the 2018 timeframe. Again, we are seeing a lot of the integration costs occurring in 2016, that’s dampening that a bit. But the runrate is still what we expect and as I have said – and I think on previous calls, we would expect sort of the retained portion of that runrate to go down a little bit over time as we give some portion of that back to our US government on the contracts.  But at the same time, we expect to start getting revenue synergies from the combination some of which I talked about earlier on – in terms of the international military markets that will maintain that $150 million synergy runrate going forward.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, I’ll answer that first. So, we are really, really close, I mean, it sort of depends on what you assume in terms of how the stock price is moving and so forth. But you should think of the RMT benefits from a share count exchange is just about getting us back to neutral and we would expect again to use at least some portion of that $1.8 billion to make up the rest and maybe there is some more on top of that, Rob.
Bruce Tanner: Relative to – I think you asked about the, maybe three of the business areas, MST, missile and fire controls and space systems for what’s going on in 2016, maybe compared to 2015. I talked a little bit about this in the October call and really nothing has changed other than we’ve again but we’ve moved pieces around because of the realignment of IS&GS.  But at a very high level, you should think of the missile and fire control being lower than 2015, again, we’ve realigned that business to remove the tech service business that was there. But sort of the core or heritage missile and fire control is lower, again because we expect lower – what I would describe as in-theater demand for programs like the GMLRS, the missiles, javelin and some of the fire control programs.  And you should think of that as – again, this is reflecting a reduction in OCO funding for some of that in-theater activity that is very quick turn business to us. So even though we are talking about the procurement accounts going up, we don’t expect that to offset in 2016 for missiles and fire control. MST, the current outlook really makes kind of a – for a hard comparison.  So, it’s got Sikorsky for the full year in 2016 versus less than two months in 2015. The heritage – I think I have talked about this sort of the heritage MST business has slight growth. 2016 over 2015, which reflects the continuing ramp up of some of the programs that were won in 2015 for that matter in 2014 and the realigned C-4 ISR business that I talked about earlier from IS&GS is expected to have sales reductions from the 2015 level for that business that are probably comparable to what is currently shown for the realigned IS&GS business in total.  So that’s sort of what’s brining the combined if you will MST without Sikorsky to the levels that we are seeing. And then Space Systems – Space Systems is sort of a good news, bad news. A little bit lower funding for things like Orion and the fleet ballistic missile programs, but the main reason is because of lower government satellite activity in 2016 and 2015.  That’s a good news story because that says each incremental satellite that we are selling to the US government is costing less than the previous ones. We are doing about the same volume in terms of numbers of satellites but our programs to reduce costs are paying off and each one is subsequently cheaper and that’s what we are seeing within Space Systems. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, Myles, you should think, we have about – it’s not quite, but a little less than $1 billion. I think $945-ish million of debt or the maturity is coming this year in two different tranches. So we are going to pay that debt down. So think of that is about – again, roughly a little bit less than $1 billion use of cash.  The trend on purchase accounting going forward, the customer lien rights that we talked about, those are essentially through at the end of 2016. In fact, I think they end up in the third quarter of this year. So even the fourth quarter is clean from sort of the reduction associated with that and that’s both on the sales and the profit. So the only one that will sort of carry over year-over-year is the intangible amortization.  Again, as I said in my opening remarks, that’s kind of subject to little bit of a bouncing around between now and about a year after closures, so it’s purchase accounting adjustments net out. But we think, right now, it’s about $230 million a year. 
Bruce Tanner: Yes, the other thing that we bring is, maybe a little different focus, especially the – I’ll say the negotiation of government contracts – at least as we look at that, some of the terms and conditions, I think, we’ll do some different ones going forward, especially as they relate to cash.  And so, I would like to think that going forward, we will be a stronger cash generator under our ownership than what it was previously. And in doing that, I don’t think there is any sort of like, difficult to do things, it’s just sort of getting them in this case being Sikorsky in parallel to what we do with all the other business within Lockheed Martin. So, we know the game plan. We know the playbook. We just have to sort of execute it with Sikorsky.
Bruce Tanner: Well, let me just pick up on that, the international interest. We continue to have growing international interest for our programs, particularly in the area of missile defense and in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific and even in Europe, where Germany has selected MEADS as their missile defense capability and Aegis Ashore, so that is an expanding demand.  We continue to see that with some of the current conflict in the Middle East we are seeing some of our ammunitions and things of that nature that there is a continued desire for our targeting PODs and other things that they need in the current conflict. F-35, on the international front it will continue to ramp up. There is a strong interest of growth in those sales, in fact, in the next five years about 50% of the orders will come from the international marketplace.  And then, I know that there is lot of interest in terms of oil prices. We are not seeing a lot of pullback on expenditures on national security. Certainly oil prices affect our sale of commercial rotary wing, but in the balance of our business, well it does put some pressure on budgets in the countries that are buying national security assets and things that they need to protect their citizens.  The choices that they are making are on cutting in other areas, so that they hey can protect their citizens and so we are seeing a big damper on that, it maybe some things that will slip out a little bit or they might reduce the volume on the near-term, but they are still going to buy the products and capabilities and technologies they need to enable them to protect their citizens and to deal with their security issues.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so, Sam on the question relative to backlog and would it be flat. The short answer is no. We would expect to see a reduction by the end of this year. And you should really think of that’s coming primarily from two business areas. MST, we’ll have – and when I say down, we are talking probably somewhere less than $5 billion down, maybe $4 billion and probably half or so of that is MST.  The bulk of which of that is for Sikorsky. As you might expect, we are having sales that are coming out of backlog from prior years. Orders that are not being replaced because of the – particularly the commercial business I talked about earlier with new orders. Second one is space, also down pretty – about half of that number as well and that’s just the timing of orders.  We had some very good orders in the past few years that are playing out the sales and we don’t have quite the size including the Orion order a few years back and we are not seeing those orders replicated that they are translating into sales as we speak here. So the big orders we are watching this year, not a lot of – frankly not a lot of large competitive orders that we are chasing this year.  The biggest orders we are looking for are the – sort of the follow-on F-35 orders in particular lot 10 and finalization of lot 9 and a lot of the ancillary contracts that go with both of those LRIPs. So that’s a big chunk of it. The biggest single international order that we are watching probably is a THAAD order with Qatar.  And we have other air missile defense programs kind of scattered throughout the region but not nearly at the same size as we are seeing in Qatar. But that’s the driver of the biggest international orders prospects as we see 2016.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, Joe, let me try to capture those and then – and my thoughts on that. Aeronautics margin, as I said on the October call, there is really two reasons for that that are driving them below 2015. The first one being, as I call the dilutive effects of the F-35 program, even though the margins on F-35 are increasing year-over-year, there is still lower than the overall composite rate for Aeronautics and that’s bringing the rate down slightly.  The other reason primarily was the C-130 impact that I think Rich was talking about relative to the – sort of the conversion of older C-130 contracts and now booking sales under a new multi-year – again economically, I don’t see a lot of difference between the two, but from a sort of a GAAP reporting perspective, we’ll expect to have sort of a lower starting margin on the new multi-year than the ending margin on the previously negotiated C-130 contracts.  And those two are what are kind of bringing down the margins of Aeronautics in 2016 compared to 2015. I do think – I think you asked about what’s the prospects going forward. I think 2016 is sort of the bottom point, if that makes sense relative to the margins of Aeronautics.  And we would expect to see slow improvements going forward every year primarily as we see the sort of getting to a – I’ll say an ordinary production program on the F-35 program starts to take effect as well as the inevitable increases on C-130 because we are starting off at a lower booking rate that we are right now.  I think you asked about 2017 FAS/CAS, I would expect it to be – and look, I always hesitate to talk about next year. There is so many moving pieces in FAS/CAS, but if we were just sort of current course and speed, it’s always the way I’d like to describe that we are about $975 million a day. It’s probably in the $450 million higher next year if we were to strike a line today, but obviously a lot of things can change between now and the end of the year. 
