Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, for both those -- for F-22 and C-130, we did have some fairly good risk retirements in the quarter. In particular, for the F-22 I'll say that was probably larger than what we should be expecting going forward. Obviously, the production program runs out, I believe, in February of next year. So there may be some potential risk retirements along the way but I don't think it'll be as quite as large as the one we'd experienced in the third quarter of this year. For C-130, I'm trying to think, Doug. I'm not sure if we had large step-ups or risk retirements in the quarter or not. I think that was mostly volume driven for the most part, with maybe a little bit of improvement there. So I would say there was not anything in particular that happened in the third quarter that can't continue to happen going forward, if that makes sense. And in the last question I think you have was on F-35 profitability and what the prospects are relative to the LRIP 5 negotiation. I should remind you, I think that we booked the development contract as a standalone contract. We also booked each of the Production Lots, so LRIP 1, 2, 3 and 4 as standalone contracts. So the LRIP 5 negotiation will have literally no impact on the other contracts as far as bookings is concerned or margins are concerned. I would suggest that for LRIP 5, you would expect us to be appropriately conservative to start off on that program.
Bruce L. Tanner: This is Bruce. Let me try this one. I think the answer is that it depends a little bit by the business area. If you just sort of think of Aeronautics and space, especially, those 2 business areas have a lot of backlog that extends over multiple years. And so really if we're talking 2012, most of what's going to occur, saleswise, for those 2 business areas in 2012 is contracts that are under -- in our backlog as of today, electronics. And I would suggest to you that that's probably not going to change whether it's the President's budget or the $25 billion reduction. Electronic Systems is a bit of a mixture. Some of the programs within that business area have that long-duration backlog and some of them are shorter. But that is less subject to the volatility in the budget outlook in the near term, say, 2012 than maybe businesses like IS&GS. The area where we have the most vulnerability to what's going to happen in 2012 is IS&GS. And I will say I think we've got a fairly good handle on what happens to that marketplace even in a budget environment with that $25 billion reduction you're talking about. I think we see the government's IT marketplace dropping from about 5% to 10% year-over-year. And I think that's about where we're seeing that layout in just about any scenario we can put together ourselves. In the meantime, we will continue to look to international to help offset some of that increase, but I think, hopefully, what I'm conveying to you is that I think under either scenario I don't see a whole lot of volatility in our sales outlook for 2012.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, George I think there's a couple of things there. You probably saw that we -- well I know you saw, George, that we did a $2 billion debt offering in the third quarter. We used about $500 million of that to reduce some of our debt obligations with 2013 durations on them. We have, I think, somewhere around $4.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet as we sit here today. I think that is fungible [ph] into the extent that we could either use that to further fund the pension plan, use it for general purposes or continue along the cash deployment actions that we have done so far this -- for quite some time, quite frankly. So I think we have the power to continue to do that. I think as I'd said many times with many of you folks, we don't need $4.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And so we will likely draw that down to a lower number. Some of that, again, being available for pension so that they're available for acquisitions and obviously some of that being available for cash deployment to our shareholders. So I would like to think we would probably continue to use the same sort of firepower we have today going forward relative to those buybacks going forward.
Bruce L. Tanner: And, Jason, I'll just -- sort of one other more thing for consideration, I think we looked at instead -- at the levels of exposure that we have from a termination liability perspective, we really thought that this was something that we should disclose in our 10-Q filing and the reason we included it in our press release and we're talking about it today was so that there was no surprises when people looked at our 10-Q later this week that we haven't discussed that with you and the rest of our investors prior to that becoming public.
Bruce L. Tanner: Sam I'll take that and also the -- you're right. If you just squeeze for the fourth quarter, if you will, both Aero and Electronic Systems probably looked a little lighter than we've run for the first 3 quarters of the year. I think as we look here today, I think the return on sales will probably, for Aeronautics, will probably be more similar to what we saw in the first quarter maybe a little bit around that range and lower than what we saw in the second or third quarter. And that's really because of the risk retirements that I talked about that occurred not just in the third quarter, I mentioned for the F-22, but also in the second quarter for other planes [ph]. As we sit here today, we have the potential to have additional risk retirements in the fourth quarter but we haven't closed on those potentials yet. And so that's sort of where we are with the Aeronautics business area. For Electronic Systems, we're seeing -- we're going to have actually a little lower volume, obviously, in the fourth quarter with a very strong fourth quarter in 2010 from a top line perspective. We think that the margins will likely follow the sales excuse me -- EBIT dollars will likely follow the sales at a slightly lower margin. This is one business area, to be honest with you, although, Sam, right, I do believe that we have some potential upside there. I think what I'd like to see is I think the last 2 years in Electronic System, we've run somewhere around a 12.2% margin. I think if you just squeeze for the fourth quarter we'd be a little light for that and I would say it, one of my objectives will be to see if we can't get closer to what we've run in the last 2 years.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, Myles, good question. Relative to LRIP 5, I'll presume you're -- don't know if I caught that in your question...
Bruce L. Tanner: So far through the end of the third quarter we actually had no cash exposure. On this program at this point in time, we had termination liability exposure predominantly, but not exclusively with our supply chain. We think of this as buying or committing advanced procurement systems and the like but not having sort of the bills through the pipeline to be paid at this point in time. That starts becoming realized cash starting this month, the month of October. And as we look out the point towards the end of the year and say we were still in the situation through the end of the year, I think that number from our perspective, Lockheed Martin's perspective, could grow to as large as $150 million of cash for the year. I'll quickly say that I think there are operational opportunities within the corporation that even if we did have that $150 million exposure on the LRIP 5, that we could offset that and still maintain the $4.2 billion that we've guided you to. But that would be a potential exposure if it was not finalized before the end of the year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Cai, I'll take that one. We've come back and looked historically, I'll say we're, generally speaking, around somewhere between 26 and 32-ish kind of a percent on a quarterly basis in terms of the amount of pickups or step-ups that we have on our contracts, think of those as the inception to date adjustments that reflect the risk retirement that I was talking about earlier on the F-22 program. Now I don't recall that out of the top of my head but I want to say it was somewhere in the $300 million to $400 million range this quarter, probably closer to the $400 million actually maybe a little bit higher than that maybe as much as $425 million or so in the third quarter. So I don't think out of school of what we did in the second quarter and if I remember your question right I would say, going forward, we would expect to have a fairly good-sized, maybe a little bit towards the lower end of that percentage as far as the adjustments going forward. Again this year and a little bit last year also, it's because of the F-22 wind down, there were just some recognition of a lot of risk retirement with the end of that production line that we took that obviously post 2012 won't be there.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Let me take on both those, actually. I'll say the learning curve performance that we've experienced so far and that we are actually forecasting in the LRIP 5 proposal is in family or a little better than in family with all the experiences of building similar fighter aircraft at least in our portfolio, our history of those type of aircraft, be it F-16s, be it F-22s, be it F-117s, even. I think the learning curves we're experiencing so far, as I'd say, are in family or a little better than that at this juncture of the -- the comparable juncture of the build sequence. So I think we're actually performing very well in that regard. And we're continuing to show those sorts of improvements going forward. Relative to the booking on F-35, we do have a situation where I think next year is EMD or the SDD contract sales are going to be a little bit lighter but not much than this year. So we still have, I'll say, the drag of a low-margin cost reimbursable type contract. We have actually had some of the risk retirement inception to date pickups that Cai was referencing on the LRIP contracts last year and this year so those opportunities are still there. And part of it is, Dave, back to your question on learning curves is, assuming we do make those learning curves going forward, that's one of those elements of risk retirement that will enable us to increase the inception to date booking rates on those programs [ph]. I wouldn't think, though, that you would see a large increase on the return on sales. Having said everything that I said between 2011 and 2012 simply because of where we are on those early production lots.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, very little LRIP 5 impact on 2012 costs that I would expect to see. I'm doing this from the top of my head a little bit here, but I believe the F-35 -- if I just think of F-35 in total, and that includes both the SDD contract and the LRIP contract, I want to say we're growing some 7-or-so percent year-over-year for 2011 and 2012. The development contract, actually, is reducing somewhat, not a lot. I want to say $100 million or maybe a little bit more than that year-over-year and the difference is more than offset by increases in the LRIP contracts from '11 to '12.
Bruce L. Tanner: Carter, I'm a little hesitant to speculate beyond 2012, given where we are today. But I have looked at that. And I'll say -- and I always caution this with current course and speed assuming the 4.5% discount rate held and asset returns would be at the expected longer-term asset return rate of 8% versus 8.5%. I would think our funding level on an ERISA basis or the cash out are paid into would be close to the amount we're talking about in 2012 going forward. So I wouldn't see an increase year-over-year beyond 2012 assuming those parameters hold constant with what we're seeing or projecting in 2012. So think of it as being $1.3 billion ERISA payments in 2011, about $2.1 billion next year. And I would think that number will stay fairly consistent short of those previous items or factors that play into the payments changing, as I said, the discount rate in the asset return.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, Mike, I'll take that one. The JAGM, we're watching that very closely. Obviously, we've got a number of customer tests and a number of, actually, company-funded tests and that missile is performing very well. You might think of this as sort of an all-capability missile for any target on the ground from both rotary wing as well as fixed wing. The HELLFIRE is performing extremely well. In theater, it is battle proven, it is very affordable. I mean, it has every characteristic you'd want to have in a weapon of that nature and I would submit to you that we have improved the HELLFIRE over the years, not just going forward. We have made that a better missile bringing back a lot of the technology that's already being considered into the JAGM, into the HELLFIRE and we could do that going forward as well. So that's a product we would be pleased to sell for a long, long time.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, Myles, the actuaries are probably a lot easier for me to understand at the end of the year as they are now, frankly. But I think just from a sensitivity perspective, I think we're seeing realistically right now 75 to 100 basis points drop since the end of the year. So it's probably somewhere in that range and that's the reason we went with the 100 basis points, frankly.
Bob Stevens: Yes, I'm happy to do that, Rich. I'll tell you that we have been working to secure the THAAD order. And I think our best judgment now is we're sort of right at the cusp of the end of '11 or early '12. And it's honestly just really hard to make that call based on all the knowledge we have. We think our discussions have been constructive and positive and headed in the right direction. I know you know that everyone here would much prefer a late '11 order to be sure. It's just treading right on the seam of the year. I will tell you we're especially appreciative of the work that's been done by the Missile Defense Agency, they've been very forward leaning here in working with both us and the Emiratis and they have facilitated a great pathway for us to follow here. So we don't see any impediments, I think it's just being workman-like in the final details here. On the F-16 program, we were pleased to see the Iraqis make progress. When we last talked about prospects for Iraq, we mentioned the deferral in the order and it's nice to see that deferral reversed. We're also, relative to future orders, looking at the prospects in Oman for 18 airplanes. And we'll continue to survey other countries to examine whether they have further interest in the F-16. With 18 airplanes, I think we'll certainly move out beyond 2015 or so on the production line. You may recall that we actually rephased the production flow on the F-16 line, lowering near-term production volumes so that we would have a better opportunity to smooth the production flow that would enable or enhance the ability to secure our future orders. We thought that was an action undertaken that would generate greater additional value in the future, so we have done that. And then there'll be some opportunities with the administration's decision in Taiwan to modify a number of their existing F-16 aircraft. And there is, even though this current round of discussions did not result in the sale of new airplanes, the goal of security environment remains sufficiently volatile that we don't really know what the future has and that's why we want to keep the line as vibrant as we can and ready to assess any contingencies when they arise.
Bob Stevens: Relative to your question, I want to just say back to you your words as why did we elect at least to paraphrase why did we elect to negotiate this in the press. That is absolutely the last thing that we're doing. We have a responsibility that I take very seriously here about disclosing and discussing with you and others the financial performance of this company. And as we had accumulated the termination liability exposure that I described to you at $750 million on the Lot 5 work that we've undertaken, as we've exhausted the Long-lead funding that we have and as in our discussions with the government, the construct of not receiving incremental funding until we negotiated a concurrency clause, in my mind was a relevant change with a new contract provision that we have not seen before, I have not had the occasion to discuss that with you and other investors of capital in this business that we felt it was simply responsible to advice the investors in the business that these discussions are underway. I have no intention of negotiating Lot 5 in any other fashion other than in good faith with those in the government who are chartered to negotiate Lot 5 as well. We've had many exchanges of ideas, many concepts have been advanced. It is very clear to all of us and hopefully this will sound consistent to you, that our customers are facing a new reality as are we, that they're confronting a greater number of challenges and they will clearly have fewer resources available to meet those challenges. And that's why our company has undertaken, for now, a multiyear approach to affordability. Divesting businesses, cutting expenses, checking capital carefully and engaging in a series of reductions in force that for us are very difficult and very painful, but yet we all know are very necessary. So there's no desire to elaborate in greater detail with you or anyone else about the details other than to inform you as honestly and as straightforwardly as we can about the quality of the business. I'd also say that when you're looking for insight as to when the program architecture of the F-35 might change, if it were to change, relative to quantities or timing, that decision resides entirely within the government and not us. We know there are deliberations underway now consistent with the budget control act as you've highlighted that are causing our customers to look at all their expenses just like we are, all their programs. Roles in missions analyses and how will the nation need to posture for an uncertain security future knowing they're pursuing a course now reducing $0.5 trillion so it's difficult for us to have greater visibility, and therefore, we can't share that visibility with you. But as soon as we know as we learned about the conditions on Lot 5, we will disclose this to you as accurately as we can.
Bob Stevens: Well, I think we've thought through this to the extent we can't have been able to given that we've learned about this just a few weeks ago during the government's discussions with us. We think that there is a pretty big distinction between that which you know, that which has been observed in a test program that might require the change in the configuration of an airplane. We think that there is a method to absolutely assure that we incorporate changes wisely and well so that there is no open-ended position from a government's point of view of the inability to get the configuration changed. We think we can put a share line on that. We think that can have a ceiling price associated with it, we would incorporate those changes and have responsibility for that. I think the dilemma, not only for our company, I'm certainly believing for our industry partners but I think for industry more broadly, especially knowing that the work that we do is so specialized. It is in essence so inherently governmental. This is not really a commercial line of business that we have here. So many of the systems and technologies are tailored for that extreme level of performance and unbelievably demanding conditions that -- and it's one of the immense motivating factors in this industry is to take on those technological challenges to put our best intellect and experience forward to challenge the boundaries of what is known and to genuinely create and innovate things that simply haven't been done before. And that's not in today's complex systems, that's not just in, let's say, airframe dynamics but it integrates airframe with propulsion, with avionics in very sophisticated ways. All who have done this know the challenges of doing that and you can just look at the headlines and see the challenges reside not just in aeronautical systems for the military but in state-of-the-art air vehicles, whether they're commercial or not. We think that deserves a good deal of discussion so that we can arrive at an equitable position with the government that respects where we should properly support our execution and performance responsibilities. But again we are willing to do and believe we have demonstrated both in taking a fixed price contract on Lot 4 and in supporting the Lot 5 work beyond the funding that we have had to keep our industry team focused, especially our small businesses, because we recognize it's difficult for them to get financing. They have workforces that are highly valued to us. We would not want to see any disruption in that workforce's ability to remain focused with the kind of the economy that we see today so there's a lot at stake in keeping that focus. And we think that fair and equitable position would result, in the long run, without undue pressure on profits by introducing new elements as you've described. And I think when we looked at history, we've seen the same general phenomenon that you'd described, that discoveries can be certainly unexpected and unpredicted and they can occur both early and late in a test program. And I think we will be mindful of that and we will bring that to the attention of our customers as we negotiate Lot 5.
Bob Stevens: Well I don't know how to answer that in specific detail. I will certainly tell you our intention is to negotiate good faith with the government. We've exchanged views, we've had a lively discussion here. They're onboard to taking information, we're onboard to taking information. There are uncertainties that we embrace in the work that we do today. We have many contracts that have cost sharing formulas with the government that is not foreign to us. It's finding the right formula for what I think for both of them and us is a new avenue for cost-sharing under a contract as we've tried to look for a precedent so that we could be informed by that, which has occurred over time in history, we don't find a precedent for this kind of contract provision in any contract that we have and we haven't been provided any precedent from any contract that might be available for us to examine. So I think we're fundamentally plowing some new ground here. Of course we're facing a new reality, where we'll continue to be confronted with new circumstances, is part of our commitment is to be as agile and as forward leaning as we can be but also to act responsibly and serve multiple interests and everyone knows that we have a responsibility to do that. So we want to engage and start the negotiation for Lot 5 in the totality of the negotiation. We submitted the proposal in April and are looking forward to receiving the should cost analysis so that we can take that onboard. And then in this good faith process that we believe accurately describes to be the environment we're in today, we can get closure on Lot 5.
Bob Stevens: I know that's true and I surely appreciate your question. I'm not sure I can give you an answer as refined as your question is because if we're talking about -- and I know how relevant a half a percentage point or a basis point is on returns, I know you appreciate that we've just described for you an environment of, let me say, more than reasonable uncertainty and I know you know that when you just look out at domestic and global events. We -- under a continuing resolution, Bruce talked about the sensitivity our business has under the CR, we have the prospects of a successful super committee. It's not clear if this committee is successful, if that number would be $1.2 trillion or more and where the incidents of those either expenditure reductions or revenue enhancements would follow. We have the mix of business in both international communities as well as domestic. We're working hard on the international front. And we think that can offset both revenue volume as well as profitability, and we performed well with our margin generation on the international business and is likely going to depend on wins and losses and just fundamental blocking and tackling in our business. I will say this: I like our portfolio very much. I believe it is robust, and I believe it aligns well with the aspects of the global security environment that we see today and I think our customers believe that as well. I have great confidence in our professional workforce. I would submit to you that they, like all of us, have been seeing this uncertainty grow now for probably the better part of 2 years. And if I look at the first 3 quarters of execution in our company in 2011, I am enormously proud of them. It does not mean we don't have challenges. We have challenges because we stretch far in technology and in our commitment to you. But they have stayed focused and they have stayed disciplined when Lord knows there were enough distractions out there. So I don't think I'm going to be able to satisfy that interest. Our goal is to sustain our margin generation. We understand what returns mean to you, what returns on invested capital mean in assessing the quality of this company and how that creates an investment. So hopefully our actions over the years, including returning cash to the shareholders and making prudent acquisitions and the way we've run this business has at least suggested to you that we take this responsibility seriously.
Bob Stevens: Well if -- we've taken those actions thus far. And I think the best way to answer that is I don't believe today we can guarantee that we won't have to engage in more adaptations in our business if sequestration were to occur. I personally know that we haven't fully incorporated the prospects of sequestration here because you can't really have a feel today of the location of where those reductions would come nor the timing of those reductions. But I think I can speak with pretty good confidence that neither we, nor our industry colleagues, nor the Department of Defense have internalized both strategic and operational plans that are built on the consequences of the sequestration process. I think that's why Secretary Panetta and Secretary Gates before him both described the prospects of sequestration in very negative terms. So we don't really have that embedded in. We'll continue to run this business with greater agility if we see upside opportunities for innovation or for investment, we will seize those opportunities. We certainly have the financial capacity to do that. If there are more reductions necessary, we'll certainly try to build the strength of the business so that we can minimize those consequences. But we won't hesitate to take the actions that will be necessary to keep the business rightsized for the environment that we see.
Bob Stevens: Well, for me, and I think I speak for all of us on the call, what's changed was the more definitive language in the discussions that we had that, as Bruce mentioned, required us to put a disclosure in our 10-Q and because we intend to be transparent and open with you and others knowing we were going to be required to put that disclosure in the 10-Q, have this conversation with everybody today as I said earlier certainly we have no interest or desire to negotiate anything in the press. That's not where negotiations occur, but the disclosure was mandatory and part of our responsibilities. I think for us, it was a new circumstance, Howard, to have bid Lot 5 exactly the same way we had bid Lot 4 which is what we were asked to do only months ago. To have submitted that proposal in April, and 2, 3 weeks ago, be confronted with a new contract requirement that wasn't reflected in the price that we have offered. And as we discussed the overall negotiation climate for Lot 5, we're advised that the additional funding that we have been requesting since February was, in fact, conditioned on the successful negotiation of a concurrency clause. My preference would be to negotiate all the terms and conditions and all the aspects of Lot 5 at the same time, not selectively address incremental pieces. I can say that if we had, had the funding associated with the undefinitized contract action, we would not have had a compelling responsibility to disclose and we  would've gone about the negotiations in Lot 5 as we did in Lot 4. And you will recall, we had no such discussions with you about events on Lot 4, that was a negotiation that took over 12 months from the proposal's submission, to having a contract concluded in its finality, and we weren't having discussions. This is a responsibility for disclosure that we undertake, and the conditions that we see now are the first really tangible evidence of changing the requirements and expectations for Lot 5 and that's why we're talking about it now.
Bob Stevens: I think that I wouldn't rule that out as a possibility, Rob. I don't have the insight nor do we participate in the determination of exactly how overall risk on the program would be managed. And I know you're suggesting in your question, would the prospect of incremental cost for concurrency changes be offset by a reduction in production quantities, I'm not sure whether that would happen or whether that would not happen. Our goal has been very much to keep our head down and focused on execution and the details of the development and the test program and then on the production side continue to more tightly weave together our global supply chain so that we can improve maturity, improve quality, lower the total cost. Our experience is built on a foundation of just a couple of observations and one of them is that volume matters over time on production programs. We've got a good learning curve in the aggregate for the work that we're undertaking on the F-35. It is, again, just as some of this risk of uncertainty, in my judgment, is inherently governmental, it's also the government's responsibility to look at concurrency on the program and make their judgment of what those cost risks consequences might be from concurrency changes in the production bills compared to the opportunity of driving down learning curves aggressively. And in my mind, reaching out for international opportunities to help build the volume on the program. I would just remind all that the name of this aircraft is the Joint Strike Fighter for a reason. It's not only Joint with regard to the Air Force and the Navy and the Marine Corps here. By design from the inception of this program forward, it was intended to be multiservice and multinational. And with that construct came the prospect in any economic environment of greater quantity. So when we do our modeling here, we look favorably at a forward leaning posture that would reach out and build security cooperation partnerships between our governments and friendly and allied governments and in building those security cooperation partnerships, we would have an aircraft that by design was interoperable and having the ability to be shared consistent with our global supply chain. That is the F-35 by design. So it is possible that future production lot quantities would be affected by either concurrency cost risk or other cost risks or other appraisals of the program. That decision doesn't rest with us.
Bob Stevens: Good. First, I want to say thanks for your help on the call today, Karen. Thanks, everybody, for being patient. I know we went longer on the call again, we thought we had a lot to talk about the F-35 and other programs. We took some time today to describe to you some of the challenges that we're facing. But we also have some very strong fundamental differentiating aspects of our company.  Our financial strength and our stability, our cash generation, which provides exceptional firepower for shareholder value deployment, our workforce excellence, which I believe is second to none and our program portfolio that offers the best alignment to global security needs. We'll continue to work hard, we'll continue to stay focused, and we look forward to talking to you on the call in January. Thanks again for your time today. Karen, thank you again.
