Robert J. Stevens: That's a comprehensive question, Heidi. I think the details of your question highlight many of the specific details that have gone into our requests for additional guidance because there is considerable uncertainty in understanding exactly how sequestration would be implemented and how, for example, unobligated balances might be affected, how those unobligated balances might be applied contract line item by contract line item. Whether or not military personnel accounts will be excluded or included in the total amount to be sequestered because that has a fairly significant impact on the percentage reductions. So I think your question's front-running a little bit of the detail we have. I'm sure that our government customers are thinking about their responsibilities under the Antideficiency provisions, I think they understand that pretty well. And I think the final part of your question was which contracts, particularly the significant ones, might be most affected. And here again, I think the devil lies a little bit in the details of understanding exactly how the across-the-board reductions, perhaps net of funds flowing from unobligated balances versus new obligational authority subject to sequestration will impact our individual contracts. So, of course, we have significant portfolio areas. Chris mentioned Missile Defense, Chris mentioned the tactical aircraft portfolio, our airlift capability, our Space Systems programs. We think some of our classified activity likely will all be subject to sequester, and which programs will absorb what percent of the cost reduction is not yet clear to us.
Robert J. Stevens: Well, thanks for the question, Carter. I know that many in the industry are experiencing exactly what we are right now, Carter, and that, I think, is best characterized by a huge amount of uncertainty for a long-cycle business like ours to be unable to see 6 months into the future for a pretty dramatic reduction of resources available to our customers, a significant and for us unprecedented. Throughout industry, I think that reaction is similar. I will say the awareness about the more detailed aspects of sequestration, I believe, is growing and has grown. And it's important to remember the sequestration is not just a reduction in discretionary defense accounts. It's also a reduction in non-defense discretionary accounts, which affect lots of civil government agencies. So I believe we're hearing more detailed descriptions from agency heads and leaders in the government about the potential adverse impacts in their ability to meet their mission responsibilities or fulfill their commitments under sequestration. For our part, we are trying to model internally but to be very candid with you, that model is filled much more with our assumptions about what might happen than any detail specifically given to us about what will happen. The facts are sequestration is the law. It goes into effect January 2. It requires $55 billion in each of defense and nondiscretionary -- nondefense discretionary accounts. Beyond that, we're still struggling with exactly how this will impact our business. We are very concerned about the supply chain, particularly small disadvantaged minority-owned businesses. That's what we regard as the edge of that supply chain. I know we're having discussions here about what kind of business we'll have if we are compelled to implement sequestration. I think they're asking if they'll even have a business, will they have an enterprise. So I think there are significant shocks to the industrial base and very honestly, we simply try to describe them to our best professional capacity, not to incite any particular level of over concern, but we are very, very concerned about the across-the-board nature with an automatic trigger, and that's what we've tried to voice.
Robert J. Stevens: I'll just add on, on the international front and whether these orders get closed this year or 2013. I personally just got back from a 2-week trip in Marilyn Hewson and all our execs have been increasing their international travel to the Far East and the Mid East. And there is definitely a concern relative to threat environment, and I believe our portfolio and the interest they have in our fighter aircraft, whether it's the F-35 or the F-16, the C-130 everybody loves and of course, our Missile Defense and command and control systems, there is a big appetite out there based on the portfolio that we have. And I believe we have the experience and the know-how and the relationships to do business internationally and to grow. And when they hit the books is to be determined, but I can assure you there's a lot of interest and it's a focus of ours going forward.
Robert J. Stevens: Yes. Thanks, Chris and Howard, thanks for the question. So relative to the F-35 and our earning potential, we all recognize and you all recognize this is a complex demanding program, really a one-of-a-kind type program that's unfolding in an increasingly tough environment. So we're held to very high standards, and we expect to be held to high standards. We look back at the 18 -- last 18 months performance and found it to be good. We're ahead of our planning. I think we're beating our March, there's much more to go. So we're very realistic about the overall performance. Bruce's comments about the system design and development phase, I think, reflect the reality that we're looking at. But increasingly, our earnings potential will be defined by our ability to produce and deliver the production aircraft lot over lot. And we're very focused on achieving that goal because that's what's going to give our customers the forestructure and the capacity that they need and they expect from us. And so all of us are very focused on the entire F-35 program. We've tried to give the best balanced assessment and accounting of how we expect to earn profit. I will tell you we do expect to earn profit. We think when we deliver high-quality products, that is an appropriate economic response, so that we can share in the value of that performance with the investors in the company. So for all of us, we thank you for your time on the call today. We appreciate the questions; thought they were challenging and good and really insightful about our business. I'll tell you we're all very pleased that the company's remained strong and focused in a really challenging environment. We think that's great credit to the women and men who work here. They exhibit great dedication on a daily basis, and we're grateful to them. We have a really strong portfolio. Chris mentioned his international travel along with our other executives, where we believe we're well-aligned with both global and domestic defense and security priorities. Our backlog, our cash resources, the financial strength of our company provide, we think, a degree of certainty in an uncertain environment as we look to deliver increasing value to shareholders and to customers, and we'll stay very focused on high levels of discipline. And as Bruce said, we'll update you as soon as we possibly can as to these changes in our environment and what they might mean to us. So, Karen, thank you for your help on the call today. Thank you, all, for participating and we'll sign off here.
Christopher Eugene Kubasik: Heidi, I'll jump in on one comment. As Bob said in his opening remarks, we have contemplated or we are contemplating a continuing resolution in the fourth quarter of this year, and I'll say that affects our business areas differently depending on sort of where they are in the life cycle. The one is -- the most impacted is IS&GS typically because it's the shorter cycle business that we have. So I would say we're probably a little cautious perhaps in the guidance that we're giving, considering the fact that we do believe that continuing resolution is likely going to happen in that fourth quarter.
Christopher Eugene Kubasik: Rich, this is Chris. I mentioned South Korea is a competition for the F-35. We were told the down select would be at the end of the year, but the actual contract would be in the latter part of 2013 at the earliest. So that would not be in our orders of backlog in 2012.
Christopher Eugene Kubasik: Yes, Doug, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. We've been focused on the affordability for the last several years, and it really is all encompassing. Let me start with the employees and the leadership team. If you go back a little over 1 year ago, we had our Voluntary Executive Separation Program where 26% of the leadership team was reduced, and that was over 600 people. Of course, there's the flow down impact of that. We're looking at the layers, we're looking at the span of control as it relates to the personnel and the organizational structure. And we're continuing to look at how best to organize. And you'll recall a couple of years ago, we exited the Eagan, Minnesota facility, we consolidated Owego onto MS2, all those things are on the table. We've focused quite a bit on facilities and our actual footprint. We've taken out over 1.5 million square feet of our facilities, both owned and leased. We have another 2.9 million to go that we've identified and obviously, if there were further cuts to the budget, there could be significantly more reductions. And the supply chain you mentioned, clearly that's an area that we focused both internally with category management as we call it, consolidating our suppliers and holding them accountable for the quality and timely delivery. So I see some of these as being shorter term, some midterm and then, of course, we're always looking out on the long term. And you know back in '06, we placed our defined benefit pension plan with defined contribution pension plan. And that will, I think, position us well for the long term. So that's just kind of an overview of what we're doing. I think when I last looked, you can easily calculate several billion dollars of reduction that we benefited from and that we passed on to our customers as a result of these actions.
Christopher Eugene Kubasik: Yes, Peter, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. I guess we were very satisfied with our margins in IS&GS this quarter, and we seem to have been able to maintain at or around 9%. Relative to top line growth, you're right. We are experiencing some decline there. It's not unexpected for the reasons that Bob and Bruce mentioned and you suggested in your question. We will continue to bid what we think are appropriate business cases for our business. And I must say we've been very successful on winning some significant opportunities of late. And the protesting is continuing, probably more so than the predatory bidding practices. So I think we have 3 major wins currently under review that we had previously win. So our strategy is to win all the business we can at the appropriate returns. We'll let the 100-day protest cycle run out, and then we will move forward. So I have very high confidence in our ability to execute on these programs. We're hitting all of our milestones. But as I look forward to additional growth opportunity, we're really focused on Cyber Security, and I mentioned that we won the -- what was referred to as the DC3 contract. That was the largest Department of Defense cyber contract awarded to date. We have numerous engagements with Fortune 100 corporations, and we're also continuing to look in health care, IT and the energy lines of business as additional growth areas. So I think we have a good strategy. We're executing on it, and I'm optimistic that we'll find a way to grow over the long haul.
Christopher Eugene Kubasik: Okay, Howard, it's Chris. Let me take the Space question. As I mentioned in an earlier answer, we are constantly looking at our organizational structure and looking how best to streamline and consolidate and get synergies both from a revenue and a cost side. What we basically did there was flatten the organization. And I think we went from about 7 or 8 lines of business directly reporting in to our EVP to 4 or 5. The goal there was to reduce the overhead and the infrastructure to support the businesses. And we also appointed a deputy, Rick Ambrose, a longtime executive with the corporation, to help Joanne as we focus on the strategy and the execution. So the overall goal there was better alignment with the customer and cost savings. And I guess I'll turn it over to Bob here for the F-35 and the wrap-up.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, sure, Jason. So as far as sort of a current status of how FAS/CAS is going and is it tracking to what we talked about in the past, I would say yes, it is. That law, I think, was signed February 27 of this year. We've already negotiated across the corporation, a number of what we call our forward pricing right agreements that have the effects of CAS harmonization included in them. So I'll say that is sort of a business as usual at this point right now. You've seen -- as we've all seen the effects of lower interest rate through the first half of this year, they're definitely lower probably than where we were at the end of last year. Of course, we don't set those rates until the end of this year, but if we were to set them today, they'd be lower than where we were last year. Our asset returns, I think, are doing actually fairly comparable to what our expectations were. The one thing I think that's changed, Jason, that's important to consider not necessarily this year but in future years is the transportation -- or excuse me, the highway bill that was passed recently, which had a consideration for reducing some of the funding required by ERISA. And that has the effect of lowering the requirements for our ERISA contributions beginning next year. The modeling of that's a little complicated. I won't get into it, but basically think of a band of around the sort of a 25-year average of interest rates. And if you're outside that, if your current interest rate or discount rate is outside of that band and you used the 25-year average, we're definitely outside of that band as we go into 2013, and so we'll use that 25-year average, which is a much higher rate than what we're currently experiencing. That has the effect of -- I think I tried to tee up on the call in the first quarter that we've had ERISA required contributions of more than $2 billion going into next year compared to $1.1 billion this year. That change in the funding consideration change including the highway transportation bill would lower the required contribution to about the level comparable to what we're seeing this year. So somewhere in the 1.1-ish range or maybe a little flexibility there because we haven't quite seen the final rates come out of that yet, so there may be a little bit of play but not much, I would guess. And so this is as we get bigger hits sort of from negative events due to the size of our pension plan, we also get bigger benefits when there are positive events as well. I'll remind you also that the pension, reduced pension brings with it a reduced tax deduction as well. So you shouldn't think of the $1 billion as being a pure cash because there will be less tax deduction associated with that $1 billion less. You also asked about share repurchases, and we are a little bit light to the first half of the year. We've made no change in our commitment to the $1 billion outlook, and I won't expect to make a change between now and at the year end then.
Bruce L. Tanner: And, Rich, I don't think I answered kind of the last part of your question, which was what's the confidence level we have for sort of ending the year at a 1.0. I still think as we sit here today, even with all the caveats that we did relative to sequestration and so forth, we've got a fairly good chance of achieving the same level of backlog at the end of this year as we started the beginning of this year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Thanks, Joe, for the question. I think you had assessed pretty right. The changes that we talked about, I think it's important to note and obviously you understand that very clearly. This is only affecting the development contract. The production firms aren't impacted by that. The production programs typically don't have much, if any, award fee. They're typically kind of cost performance driven, and so that's also different than the rate or the change that we've talked about for the F-35 SDD contract. I made a comment that we were booking higher than 4%, to a little bit higher than 4% going into this quarter. We came out a little lower than 4%, and that's the adjustment that does bring our booked profit down, if you will, below the amount of earned fee that we have at this point in time. The 2 programs on the production side where we had some performance improvements or booking rate increases this quarter were both Lot 3 and Lot 5. And I think as we progress throughout the year, I think I made the comment either last quarter or the quarter before about the number of deliveries, and Chris highlighted that as well in his prepared remarks, and we're going to finalize deliveries of all the LRIP 2 aircraft, all the LRIP 3 and a pretty good portion of LRIP 4 aircraft this year. So typically, as with most production programs, that will give you that the -- give us, excuse me, the opportunity to assess our performance on that and see if it's coming in line with our expectations and enables additional risk retirements. I think there was one other part of your question there, Joe. I've lost track of what it is, to be honest with you, so I'll go on to the next caller.
Bruce L. Tanner: Thanks, David. I think I said at the start, I lose track which quarter I made these comments on, but I think I said in the first quarter that we were looking at 2012 to have maybe comparable levels of performance improvements as what we saw in 2011. And we actually saw a pretty big increase in those performance improvements mostly coming in Electronic Systems in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we had some good performance, both particularly in Aeronautics and Electronic Systems, also Space Systems on the Orion program, as well as the contractual resolutions that we mentioned that also caused us to come in higher than what we've started at the beginning of the year or expected at the beginning of the year. Our expectations for the second half of the year are probably to be down a little bit compared to the second half of 2011. But again, as we get into the quarter and we actually do our assessments of where we stand on program performance, that's when we would have unexpected both performance improvements, as well as potential reductions in profits rates. But from a planning perspective, as we sit here today, we expect it to be a little lighter in the second half of the year compared to 2011 and by definition, lighter in the second half this year compared to the first half of this year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. We're probably about 6 months before I'd like to have this conversation, Rob, but definitely, as I said earlier, interest rates are down. If I was to put a number on it, they're probably down about 75 basis points on a year-to-date basis. Your guess is probably better than mine at this point as to what they will have or what they will do between now and the end of the year. You're right on the quantification I've given in the past, all that assumes, as I'd like to call it sort of current course and speed with the same level of discount rate as we ended last year and an 8% return on assets. Again, as I mentioned in the earlier remarks, I think our asset returns are actually holding pretty steady to that level. But the discount rate, if we were to pick it today, would be lower than what it was the end of the year. That would have the tendency to increase FAS, which would make a smaller drop. I still believe it would be a drop at this point from the FAS/CAS adjustment from 2012 to '13. There'd be a lesser drop.
Bruce L. Tanner: George, let me try to address a couple of things I think embedded in your question. One is just the second half versus the first half in general, and then I'll hit on the margins especially. Yes, I've taken a look at where we sit today and what our expectations are relative to the guidance we provided for the second half versus where we sit today. There's a couple of things that happened in the first half of the year that won't repeat from a revenue side in the second half of the year. The first of those is again, we had 2 commercial Satellites in the first half of the year, and we're expecting no commercial Satellites in the second half. Think of that as probably a little less than $300 million or so that won't be repeated. Within Electronic Systems, all 29 of the Persistent Threat Detection Systems or PTDS systems that were under contract actually delivered in the first half. So that contract is essentially finished, there will be no PTDS deliveries in the second half. Think of that also as in the $300 million range. So there's sort of $600 million of pressure going from the first half to the second half of the year. We also have in the second half, probably 9 to 10 fewer F-16 deliveries, second half of the year again versus first half. But that's probably offset in large part, maybe even more so, because we expect to have 4 to 5 more C-5 deliveries in the second half than the one we've had in the first half. So those kind of pushed probably. I think as I look at say, the year, it's easier to understand if you sort of do a sequential quarter-to-quarter, it's easier to understand that. So we did roughly $23 billion of revenue in the first half. And I think if you just went to the midpoint in the guidance, it's 45 5. So you can say if you just double the 23, we're pretty close to the 45 5, but for those 2 items I mentioned previously. I think the issue is that the comparison with the second half for 2011 is a tough comparison. Both the third and fourth quarter of last year were much higher than the first and second quarter of last year. And just for example, we did $22 billion roughly in the sales in the first half. We did $24.5 billion roughly in the second half. So obviously, we tremendously outperformed the second half relative to the first half whereas 2012, as I said before, is going to be a little lighter in the second half. I also said we might be a little bit conservative as we sit here today with the expected continuing resolution in the fourth quarter and the prospects of a sequestration on January 2, but we'll see if that actually changes and we'll update accordingly. Relative to the margins, George, you said we don't have a tendency to have a lower second half than the first half, and I'll tell you that's -- we'll still try to make that come true. But we've had, again, just taking a look at the increased profit rate adjustments, as well as the contractual resolutions that we had happen in the first half of the year, our expectations as we sit here today is that those won't replicate at the same level for the same reason I told David in the second half. And that's what will drive margins. Again, maybe a little bit conservative on the top side, it would drive some EBIT, but I don't know if the margins will change all that much from the second half of the year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Thanks, Sam, this is Bruce. I'll try that, and Chris or Bob can pile on if they want to. I think as far as cash balances are concerned, we probably are going into the second half of the year with a little higher cash balance than we might otherwise have expected. And I think we're trying to be mindful of what could happen under both the continuing resolution, as well as the potential CR. And again, our position is we don't want to induce behaviors that would cause program performance issues, cost growth, if we can avoid those perhaps with some balance sheet help. And so we're mindful of that. And again, I think we want to have the flexibility in order to accommodate that. We don't see, as I said earlier, I don't see us backing off the $1 billion share repurchase. That's still our plan and goal for the year. Even though we were a little bit lighter in the second quarter, I still think we're going to achieve that $1 billion number. You asked about the dividends in September. We revisit that every year with our Board of Directors. We've had some preliminary conversations with them, but that's a decision that we'll make in consultation with our board members, and I'd be premature to have that discussion with you right now.
Bruce L. Tanner: I knew I missed that one, I'll catch that one on this one, Rob, and I apologize for Joe. I realized after I went to the next speaker that I missed that one. So ES, second half, again the ES, Electronic Systems is where we have the PTDS. Again, we've got about a $300 million headwind because all those units delivered, as I've said earlier, in the first half. I'd like to think, Rob, that we have a chance to do a little better there. That's yet to play out, and we'll watch that closely. I'll say I've been pleasantly surprised by the performance of Electronic Systems in both the first quarter and the second quarter. Electronic Systems historically and going into the future years always has had our highest international content. I think that there's some still substantial international awards this year that could help us with the sales growth in the second half of the year. But those, as usual, are a little harder to predict at this point in time. So are we conservative? I hope so, Rob, and we'll see as that plays out in the second half of the year. LRIP 5 negotiations, again, I apologize, Joe. We're continuing the process. It is a long process. We've been at it now for at least 1.5 years. So I'll say I think we're making slow and steady progress. I think both sides have a desire to get this closed and to get this closed in the not-too-distant future, and we're clearly on that page that we'd like to do as well. I think we will close in a manner that's beneficial to both parties in the not-too-distant future.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So, Cai, I think, and I'll stick with what we have in the release, which says we had about $160 million, $170 million in improvement in our profit rate adjustments this quarter compared to the second quarter of last year and again, several performance improvements that I elaborated on already across all 4 business areas, but maybe just to reiterate, C-130 international programs, we had, as you might expect because of the end of the PTDS contract, we recognized some performance improvements on that. We also had nice performance on our vertical launch system. On Electronic Systems, we had, as I mentioned earlier, performance improvement because of a risk retirement for a developmental milestone associated with the Orion crew exploration vehicle. And then on top of that, we had, again I'll say an unusually high level of contractual resolutions that resolved this quarter. And so that's the one that is making the numbers probably a little higher than last year’s second quarter. As far as sustainability, you mentioned the 30%. I still think that we're able to maintain that level. If you look back at our history, Cai, we've done that every year. And I look at it again from sort of what is in our planning going forward in terms of planned risk retirements, planned profit rate increases, and I'll say they approach that level today. And where we differ from that level is when we have unplanned beneficial improvements above what we already had considered or when it goes the other way and we have a negative or a decremented proper rate adjustment. Thankfully this year, we've had few of those. Those were offset, again, primarily by the contractual resolutions and were less with the overall performance improvements. So I still see that trend is what was going to happen the latter half of this year and going into 2013 and for that matter, beyond as well.
Bruce L. Tanner: Thanks, Cai. You got both ends of the spectrum with your question there. I'd like to try to address -- I'm sorry, did I say -- it's Myles, I'm sorry. Excuse me, Myles. Sorry about that. So yes, I didn't try to write some comments in my prepared remarks about the ULA and USA relative to the equity earnings that we're expecting. We had a little over -- equity earnings in the second quarter, as I said, mostly because of timing issues. And it was actually a nice performance improvement out of our ULA operation last quarter that wasn't replicated this quarter, which made that comparison year-over-year a little more difficult. But this quarter had just lower earnings based on the launch vehicles and the like in the second quarter. We do expect a fairly significantly higher second half of the year relative to equity earnings. Most of that coming in the third quarter. You didn't mention USA, but we're also expecting sort of with the closeout of the United Space Alliance activity to have an additional improvement relative to that equity earnings higher than we've experienced in the first half of this year. So both of those are going to cause, I'll say, a little spike in the third quarter and then will come back down in the fourth quarter, but again, collectively higher in the second half than the first half. You asked about going forward, and I'll say we lose that spike relative to the USA going into 2013 and beyond. But what we're seeing within the Space Systems, Cai, and I've said this on a couple of occasions, is we're getting finished with a number of developmental parts of programs such as the MUOS contract, the SBIRS contract and some others. And we're getting into sort of the sweet spot of production vehicles for all those, and we're doing very well on those. And that performance on the production coming out of the development, as you can expect, the margin improvements associated with that are helping to mitigate the downward pressure resulting from the lower equity earnings next year such that I don't expect a large change in the margins to occur because of that lower equity amount. CAS and ERISA and a lot of moving pieces as you described there in mark-to-market, yes, we've looked at that multiple times. And I'm not sure -- this is why I think I keep preaching that you've got to look through the accounting and get to the economics of it. And frankly, I’d personally favor sort of we all got on the same page there, but I don't know that I see a change on the horizon for us to get to mark-to-market as a company.
