Jim Taiclet: Sure Ken. That was a great summary of some of the detailed line items that go into 2021. But Sheila, I would just add and extend from what Ken said on some themes for growth over the next -- not only the next year, but the next number of years. So the way I'm looking at it is that as Ken said, there's high demand for our signature products already both domestic and international whether it's F-35, F-16, CH-53K, et cetera. And we are going to drive some mission systems content into those as we move forward and technology, insertion and upgrades as was mentioned briefly. But those are some really big themes. We don't know exactly what customer and what order and what version they're going to be seeking and what the quarter, but I assure you these themes are going to continue. The next theme, I would offer is, there's some new technology ramps to production that Ken alluded to, but when we speak of hypersonics, I think there's a very big upside there, because there's a very big threat that's getting worse out of Russia and China and the U.S. and its allies are going to have to meet it both on offensive and defensive hypersonics systems, which I believe we're the leader here. The classified space arena is really a wide open field. Our Space business is again the clear leader in this area. And we're putting out some really fantastic products, I think that are unmatched in our industry. And then there's Future Vertical Lift as Ken said. And keep that in mind because as we go to network-centric operations, which I just alluded to a couple of examples that we've already implemented – as we go to that network-centric approach more widely, it's really going to strengthen our platform positions of those signature platforms. So think of Aegis, F-35, Future Vertical Lift, whether it's DEFIANT or not. Those are going to be the edge compute nodes of the future and the processing systems that act as the core network that tie it all together. So our platforms are extremely well positioned to actually implement the sort of 5G.military that we have that we're pursuing. And then there's going to be new revenue streams. I think as a result of 5G.mil and our kind of 21st century warfighter concept, and those could be inclusive of networking-as-a-service, more of a subscription model that we do on behalf of our customers. And then we do the upgrades and the comm layer and make sure we tie it all together just like you experience on your cellphone subscription. You don't know all the pieces that go into it. So every morning when you turn it on it works and it works with the latest applications and it works with the latest technology. So those are the kinds of things we're going to explore. It will take a little bit longer to get there but we're positioning ourselves to do that as well.
Jim Taiclet: And so Myles to speak to M&A approaches, I think we actually have to take two levels up and speak first to the strategy for the company. The executive team and I and the Board agree on what we call our 21st century warfighter concept, which has four pillars to the strategy. And I'll go through them really briefly. But first of all it's lead. We want to lead the acceleration of 21st technology – century technologies into the national defense space, not just by doing it ourselves but by teaming with commercial industry and things like AI, 5G, edge computing, autonomy, additive manufacturing et cetera. So we're planning to lead that acceleration into 21st century technologies. We're going to innovate as a second pillar internally along with that. So we're going to innovate in both the realms of science such as directed energy, hypersonics, I mentioned earlier, as well as in this networking innovation and bring capabilities to our platforms and frankly our – ultimately our competitors' platforms to be able to make them all more effective on behalf of our customer. The third pillar of all of this is driving operational excellence. And so that's really about while doing all this increasing Lockheed Martin's margins and ROI, while reducing the total life cycle cost for our customers because for them to afford what they need to do in the future our industry actually has to get more efficient at the same time. And then lastly, and this is where we get into more of capital allocation, we believe in this business and we're seeking to invest in it for growth. So growth of our asset base, our capabilities is sort of the fourth pillar and that's going to provide solutions to our customers that they're going to need in the future that we can't necessarily deliver today. So when we take those four pillars and say, okay, well what are we going to do with capital allocation and all that cash that this really fantastic business is generating as you said, it's really first of all to support our strong dividend. We're going to continue to do that. And secondly, we're going to keep investing in organic capital expenditures to build capacity to deliver on our core business. Much of what we spent this year is on classified programs in both Aeronautics and Space that are growing relatively rapidly. And so we're going to continue to do those organic investments every time we can. Thirdly, alongside those CapEx investments, we're going to invest in R&D to sustain our technological leadership. And again, both in traditional or defense-centric areas, such as hypersonics and also is more commercially introduced areas such as networking. So those are the first three: it's a dividend, CapEx and R&D. But we're also going to seek acquisition and joint venture opportunities to deepen our capabilities in things like mission systems, as Ken said, and to add technological firepower to our existing company. For example, we just bought a business called i3 that gives us a novel capability and thermal management for hypersonic glide bodies, which is something we wanted to bring in-house and again accelerate our own potential for developing that piece of the technology that's so absolutely critical. And so we're going to be looking for opportunities in the M&A space and the joint venture space and even partnerships that are commercial to thicken our portfolio and also to bring in the technologies faster into the company that we think are going to be crucial for the future. So we plan to be active but we also plan to be very, very prudent. In my last business experience, we were fairly active on the M&A front but we turned down actually quite a few more opportunities than we went through with. So we'll continue to have that discipline here at Lockheed Martin, but we do want to invest in this company and grow and use our cash flow to do that when we can.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. When it comes to test and space all I'll say is that, there are kinetic and non-kinetic emerging threats to space on orbit space assets and even ground stations and the links between them. And so as a prudent national defense, I think our government is going to need to understand and work with the industry on how to address those kinds of threats and so I'll leave it there. But those threats are emerging and they're becoming more material. When it comes to the new satellite constellation, this is to me coming from the telecom and technology sector, the real cracking open up the door of having a multi-layer, multi-lateral survival communications system that can enable a 5G.MIL concept that we're working with. So I think it was a real breakthrough for Rick Ambrose and his business to win a big part of that it's called the transport layer as I said. And what that does is put a low-orbit constellation similar to what you're hearing about in the commercial sector that we'll be able to transmit 5G speed, capacity and latency signals between really all domains now. So it'd be into upper space orbits down to aircraft in the air to ground troops and vehicles to ship-borne operations and theoretically and potentially even to undersea. So this transport layer is sort of one of the first elements of what we would envision in the future as 5G.MIL architecture and so we're right in the middle of designing that now with our customers. So yeah, it's an important piece. There'll be more competition. This will be a competitive space, but we want to get out in front of it. And I think the Space business area of Lockheed Martin gives us a huge advantage over really anyone else in taking the lead in this.
Jim Taiclet: Well, there's two concepts around 5G. One is standard communications activity. So, terrestrial, if you will commercial communications. So, what is generally going on in the programs awarded that you're referring to is certain bases or ranges are going to have a standard terrestrial 5G implementation on those bases and ranges. That's not so much what we're interested in. We're interested in operationalizing the technical capabilities of 5G wave forms and technology software and hardware to improve our defense products and our defense products' performance in an inter-related way. So, that's a derivative of having the network in place. At a base level that's not going to really deliver what we're looking for. We need a global 5G connectivity platform and that's why space is so important an element of this. It's also why our airborne platforms will likely have a big role as well because we need edge compute nodes and edge transmission points to be able to get into battle outside of the bases if you will. So, we're really talking more about how do you go to war on a battlefield and bring with you and have available to you the throughput of data, the latency benefits, and the ability to do software-defined networks and manage spectrum dynamically on a battlefield. That's really what we're after and that will improve our national defense. 
Jim Taiclet: So I’ll take that, Doug. Yes, so right now because of COVID impacts, we've started the year, roughly we thought we were going to deliver about 140 aircraft this year. They are predominantly Lot 12 airplanes, so that's the first lot of our block buy. So right now, the team is forecasting rough numbers 120 to 125. It's still a little bit in flux, but that's our outlook right now.  Right now based on what we're seeing and working with our supply chain and working with our production operations team, we're out looking roughly 140 aircraft deliveries out in 2021. We think based on the demand we have with Lot 12, 13, 14 and ultimately I talked about the Lot 15, production lot order that we're hopeful we'll get at the end of this quarter, we see about 169. So let's just round up to 170 aircraft delivered out in the 2022 time period. And then out in 2023, we see similar about 170 aircraft. That's basically predicated on the United States government program of record.  Earlier year, we had some to your point congressional adds, but we're not assuming any congressional adds at least today once you get beyond 2021. There is still pent-up demand with our partner countries, our FMS customers demand. And then as you stated Doug, out in that time period, there are other interests for the airplane with our partner countries, existing FMS countries and there are some new potential FMS countries that potentially will buy aircraft, but it'll be beyond the 2023 time period. So I think we have a pretty good handle out to about 2022, 2023 where we think our production is going to be.  Regarding margins, it really comes down to the PBL. Right now just based on how the customer is buying, sustainment they are, it is dilutive to the overall F-35 portfolio. Where we do see opportunities is in production. We do think if we continue to perform, continue to weed out inefficiencies and hopefully negotiate a deal where the customer rewards us for that. There is production opportunities, but it comes down to the PBL. And we do believe, we are starting to get more and more interest from the customer for a PBL or performance-based logistics concept and that would have us taking on investment as the industry taking on investment risk and it would then give us the opportunity assuming we perform and hit the service level agreements we'll sign up to -- for that to be margin-accretive. 
Jim Taiclet: Just the one comment I'd add to that is, we are raising the capital expense decision-making process a level and we're going to be looking across all the business areas simultaneously and doing the rank ordering at that level, which will may result in some adjustments as Ken suggested. And also, I would highlight the digital transformation side of this which is both in the factory offices and functions. That's going to help us meet our customers' needs on one hand, but it's also going to help us improve margins on the other hand and be more efficient internally as we do all of this. So, there's investment upfront for that as well. But it's going to have a dual benefit.
Jim Taiclet: So it's Jim. I'll end the session today by reiterating that Lockheed Martin completed another quarter of strong financial and operational performance. And with that robust backlog, focus on our program execution and strong demand for the portfolio of products and services we have -- we're positioned for a successful closure of 2020 and continued growth in 2021. So, thank you all again for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call which will be in January. That concludes the call. John, thank you.
Ken Possenriede: So – hey, Myles. Good morning. So first question on the backlog. We are right now planning on growing our backlog in the fourth quarter. There is one binary event that has to happen and that is the closure on Lot 15 production. We're in the midst of negotiations with the customer right now. I think there's agreement on both sides to try to get this done by year-end. But if it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen and it rolls into next year. But if it does happen, we will continue the growth in the fourth quarter of backlog increase.
Ken Possenriede: Okay. Hey, Rich, that sounded like a four part question. I'm not good at math. So, yeah regarding the margin reduction on Space. It's based on a couple of things. One, we had one less event on ULA. There was a slip in one of the launches. So that was the main driver. But you also had lower risk retirements on advanced EHF and fleet ballistic missile in 2020 compared to 2019. Regarding SpaceX and then I'll let Jim chime in. We at ULA – we Boeing and the United Launch Alliance leadership team we have seen SpaceX as an emerging threat. I mean, they are more than an emerging threat right now. But what I would say is of the recent competitions we've had with them, we've actually been pleased with the outcome of where ULA landed relative to SpaceX. So I think going forward, we're confident that we certainly have the mission capable abilities, but we also think we now have a price point that is compelling to customers that will allow ULA to get its fair share of awards over SpaceX. I don't know, Jim, if you want to talk about the next two.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. Thanks Noah for the question. Yeah there's a couple of things. Let's talk top line, there's a couple of things going on. So as I mentioned, when Sheila opened up the call with the question on where we saw slowness of growth some of it is just – some of our tactical strike missile programs are at capacity right now. So think of Hellfire and GMLRS. You have a little bit of a timing issue with THAAD. But going forward, we see growth with THAAD. The growth opportunities for Missiles and Fire Control down the road will be PAC-3, and precision fires for the most part, because of the – they are not at capacity and we are seeing extremely strong demand internationally and domestically for that product. And what we didn't talk about in the development phase still is the large classified program that we have. We will start to see in the next four to five years that go into a limited rate production and then ultimately into production and you will see a large increase there as well. So I think – I think you see – I think you see at least in the short term some of the areas are going to be capped by capacity, but we'll work with our customer based on the strong demand that we see does it make sense for – to us to increase our capacity for say Hellfire’s for example. Regarding margins, for 2021, we actually do see it's a slight decline to margins in 2021 and I do mean slight. And as we've talked about it before and I just mentioned it with that development program as it continues to grow at the topline, we'll see dilution there. That's the main reason. But -- so think of margins as a slight dilution in 2021.
Ken Possenriede: You bet Cai. Good morning. Yes, so we've been embarking on what I'll call a culture of cash for quite some time now and we are actually starting to see the fruits of that effort Cai. And to your point what we're seeing in 2021 as I stated in my prepared comments I gave you all some color on 2021, 2022 on our last call. So, here's what we're seeing now. It's -- obviously the farther out we go the little less granular it is. But to the best of our abilities by doing long-range plan, balance sheets, and cash flow statements what we're seeing right now is as you stated $8.1 billion of cash from operations in 2021 which as we stated is $300 million above the outlook we talked about earlier. Right now we're seeing CapEx in 2021 at about $1.7 billion. That's fairly consistent with what we're seeing this year. And as you mentioned we've got the payroll tax holiday this year. It's a tailwind of $460 million. And we're also getting the benefit of about $750 million $800 million by the end of the year of the acceleration of the progress payment rate from 90% -- excuse me 80% to 90%. We are going to accelerate all of those benefits that we got from the government to our supply chain. So, we will be whole -- we'll have the government whole in 2020 with those benefits we received. So, we do have -- with that payroll tax we do have a headwind. 50% of that $460 million gets paid next year. So, that is a headwind. And then the other half gets paid out in 2022. As you state, we do have $1 billion pension contribution next year. In the following year, what we're seeing in 2022 is we now see a number closer to $8.2 billion. We gave you a little color in the last call. We were at $7.9 billion, so another $300 million improvement on cash from operations. We see CapEx today based on what we know today in terms of our capacity requirements and infrastructure builds and whatnot $1.7 billion in 2022. So CapEx will be roughly $1.7 billion from 2020 to 2022. And actually, I'll go out to 2023 we think CapEx right now is about $1.7 billion. So we have that other headwind as we mentioned on payroll tax in 2022, and we have the pension payment of about – it's about $1.7 billion out in 2022. So I think pre-pension payment our cash from operations right now in 2022 is about $10 billion. Now the only other wildcard in all this is we've talked about the change in the R&D tax assumptions where we're no longer expensing R&D out in 2022 and beyond. We're amortizing it. So that assumption would reduce our cash from operations out in 2022 by $2.1 billion. Out in 2023 we see cash from operations of greater than or equal to $8.3 billion so another $100 million increase from where we see 2022. I mentioned, our CapEx at about $1.7 billion. Right now, we're forecasting a pension contribution of roughly $1.7 billion. And the R&D impact goes down from $2.1 billion it will be about $1.8 billion out in that time period. So we have spent a lot of effort on our working capital improvements. And to be frank Cai, we think certainly in contract assets we have some opportunities still to hopefully improve these numbers.
Ken Possenriede: Thanks. Hi, Jon. Almost good afternoon. So I'll -- it's Ken, I'll take that. So if you go around the portfolio, we are still seeing demand for CapEx. And then there's one point I'll make and I'll hand it to Jim because he may have a comment on this as well. But if you think Aeronautics, we have slowed down our capitalization spend on F-35 because of COVID. But if we're still going to ramp up to those higher quantities that I described when Doug asked me the question on F-35, we are going to have to still build out our capacity on F-35.  The same with F-16. Jim mentioned our backlog right now is 130 aircraft. We're going to deliver our first airplane roughly beginning of 2022. Rough numbers we'll do about eight a year. And then ultimately by the time we get out to the middle of this decade, we'll be delivering three to four F-16s a month. So we will have to build out that capacity.  And then we've talked about the classified win in Palmdale, we still need to build the building out there. And we are hopeful that performing on that program, there are other customers that have a keen interest in that program and that's one of the opportunities I talked about when Sheila asked the question. There are opportunities out there for us that just frankly aren't planned right now.  If you look at Missiles and Fire Control, we are still building out capacity for PAC-3 though we're not building it out for say Hellfire or GMLRS. We'll talk to the customer. We feel very good about the PAC-3 build-out for example. We do see opportunities for 500-plus PAC-3s per year and potentially significantly more than that. The question then is does -- is it the right time for us to continue building out in excess of the 500 per year that we are going to build out.  Space, we have the state-of-the-art Gateway Center. And there are some other opportunities out there where we have to spend capital. And then RMS, they've done a very nice job of portfolio-shaping. That is the place we really don't see a lot of facilitization or increased capital.  One thing Jim has tasked us on and we're in the middle of doing this not just for capital, but IRAD and then other investments are there low-hanging fruit if you will where it does it make sense for us to spend that capital or our IRAD. And then are there places where we should be investing regarding 21st century warfighter, the digitalization effort that we're trying to take on. So though we may stay at the same level, the balance or the mix of our spend may change over time.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. Thanks, Seth. I think, we're at the afternoon now. Yes so, at Aeronautics, we're actually -- we expect a slight improvement in margins from 2020, which we're very pleased with. F-35 margins and the balance of our compact -- combat air margins are expected to increase and that's consistent with our overall margins. And we expect fairly consistent margins in 2021 on air mobility. The combat air and air mobility margin improvements more than offset the dilution because you would expect just where the Skunk Works is that they would be dilutive. And I mentioned Missiles and Fire Control, so I'll move on to RMS. We're happy to see returns to double-digit margins this year and we expect a slight improvement in 2021 which we're very pleased with, so all that integration work that we've talked about. We talked about the portfolio shaping that we're doing at RMS. We're starting to see the results there. Sikorsky is the primary driver. They'll have year-over-year improvements on production programs. Think of those set as Blackhawk VH-92 and CRH. And then lastly at Space, we'll see a little bit of an erosion in margins in 2021. And that's very similar to Missiles and Fire Control. You're seeing dilution due to the OPIR development program and also increased development content at strategic missiles and missile defense portfolio. Think of that as hypersonics and then the next-generation interceptor. So, thanks for the question.
