Bruce Tanner: Rich, like me take a shot at it and then I’ll see if Bob has anything to offer after I finish. It may surprise some folks but in all honesty, we don’t buy a lot of the commodities and the metals and so forth that we use to build our products. As it turns out, we tend to aggregate the demands for that – for those products and commodities and instead we let a lot of our suppliers use those aggregated demands to purchase those materials.  And so what we tended to do in the past is establish some fairly long-term purchase agreements that provide us stability in both the supply as well as the pricing. But think of that ability to aggregate the overall supply amongst a lot of different suppliers in our bases bring us the best prices.  And I’ll tell you, relative to the specifics you cited, I’m not aware of any issues with our ability to acquire or price fluctuation or that it’s out of the ordinary of what we’re seeing today. 
Bruce Tanner: Yeah, Jason, I’ll jump in here. And Bob gave me some other relatives and is prepared a march relative to the contract structure that we agreed to. I would characterize it as still enabling us to have the kind of margin expansion on the product program that I’ve been talking about in the past. I think in past calls I’ve talked about the thought that we’d like it to be able to achieve about a 10 percent Ross about the time we hit the middle of this decade or when we hit full – full-rate production profile in our product contracts. And I still think that’s the case. I still think this contract enabled us to do that. We wouldn’t have agreed to it if we didn’t think we could execute to it.  It’s probably a little tighter in terms of the risks elements of it on the Share Line and the sealing that I would have otherwise liked. But I think that puts a little bit of a premium on us to focus on our execution, but I think we’re capable of doing that. 
Bruce Tanner: Doug, let me start the conversation and then I’ll turn it over to Bob. You know, last year about this time we provided you guidance, not just for the year 2010 expectations, we tried to get a little longer-term view of what we’re expecting to see and I think during that call I talked about sales in 2011 as kind of being at the mid-single-digit level. We’re now – we’re now talking about more like the low-single-digit level. And in the items that you mentioned from the press release, the reasons for that diminished outlook – I’ll give you a couple of examples maybe to highlight each of what you’re talking about there.  One on the delays, think of hurdles like the Littoral Combat Ship, which we are assuming in our numbers of 2011 as a win when we talk about the growth rate we’re seeing over 2010. But we had expected when we were talking last year for that award to have been sometime in early summer of this year. We’re now talking about a November award potentially. So think of that being, you know, almost six months of delay there. It doesn’t change obviously the overall expectations of sales for the Littoral Combat Ship, but it does – it does change the phasing. So we’re going to shift some of those sales to the right and push some of the early ramp rate in 2011 over into 2012.  The same exact thing is happening with the FAD, production loss. We’d expect to get those earlier in the year. It looks like they’ll be later in the year and it’s the same kind of delayed ramp up in the higher FAD production that we’re seeing there.  On the cancellation side, the best example I think I can give to you there is we do a contract for IS&GS called the FDI Sentinel Project which is really a case-management study or a case-management program where we were doing development to enable a lot greater capability of that system. And I think in a large part due to the budget pressures within the Federal budget, but the decision was made to stop doing further production on that activity and instead essentially do with what you’ve got and go more into an operations and maintenance phase going forward as opposed to a development phase.  So not so much a cancellation as a scope reduction. In fact, reflecting I think the reality we’re talking about.  And then on the adjacent market scenario, really we’re talking about there’s the energy market, and specifically there’s the concentrated solar power market. We had talked to you last year at this time. We had in play a potential deal we were looking at providing for Arizona Power Municipality. As it turned out, it didn’t happen for a number of reasons, but we also thought there were a number of smaller arrangements around the country that were going to materialize. And as we sit here today, again I think because – and frankly because of some of the fiscal pressures we’re seeing and the tax revenues going down, I think we’re seeing a delay in those particular types of projects. And Bob, I’m [inaudible]. 
Bruce Tanner: Thanks, Joe. I’ll tackle this one. You asked about pension, dividend, share repos and the actions we took in the quarter and what that means for the future. I’ll start off with pension just to begin with because that’s a big moving piece of the whole discussion. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are now assuming that cash harmonization is effective in 2012 versus 2011. That actually has the effect of lowing the CAS number in 2011 from what we expected. That’s one of the contributors to the additional FASB CAS GAAP relative to ETS that I talked about earlier.  The discount rates have – are significantly lower and I don’t think that’s a great surprise to anyone. They’re lower now than they were at the end of the last year. And we still need to see how much change we’re going to see between now and the year end.  Relative to the $2.2 billion, you know, we might give a little bit of tutorial relative to the risk of funding requirements for pension plans. The ERISA, which obviously is the law that governs our pension plans in general, basically treats the discount rate and difference and either our FAS evaluation or our CAS in that discount rate for ERISA is for all intents and purposes, kind of set now going into next year. So think of it as a 24-month moving average. So we kind of know what that is now and with the contributions to get us to the 2.2 and where we expect our asset returns to be by the end of the year, we think that this additional contribution amount will get us to the 80 percent funded level at the start of 2011 relative to an ERISA measurement perspective, which gets us in line with the expectation of the PPA, the Pension Protection Act that becomes effective for us in 2011.  And in that scenario, unless there are future changes beyond in 2011 in the form of lower discount rates or obviously lower asset returns, we would not expect to have to make additional discretionary contributions into the fund as we’ve done for the last few years. In essence, the baseline – I’ll call them the baseline ERISA requirements for contributions will be what it takes to keep the fund funded. Not just the 80 percent to actually grow that number over time. So a lot of what we’ve talked about recently in terms of discretionary contributions, we would not expect to have to make anywhere near that level going forward.  On the dividend, we took a look at where we sat from the dividend perspective and our growth prospects and we just felt that – and I should say we talked to an awful lot of investors as well who felt that in today’s environment, a strong cash generating company with a strong dividend yield was looked upon favorably. And so we did that consciously under that assumption.  And then on the share repurchases, we probably were a little bit lighter in the quarter here this year. We still expect to continue, although we’ve, you know, as compared to the first three quarters of last year actually were up compared to where we were last year. I think some of that was just the phasing what we did in the first half of the year. I don’t see that changing, Joe, as we go forward because we still, you know, the 50 percent of free cash flow going forward that we’ve done for quite some times is still our plan.  And I think your last question concerned the EIG net receipt that we expect to get from that. And we would expect to net out about a ½ billion dollars, thinking that relatively EIG sale. And we would continue to use them in our – I’ll just characterize it as our general purpose use of cash for all the sorts of three things that we talked about earlier. 
Bruce Tanner: Well again, it’s going to be quarter to quarter dependent because we didn’t have those sorts of inceptions-to-date step ups ever quarter last year. You know, as I look going forward in 2011, I wouldn’t expect to have a significantly, you know, you call it a headwind going forward for C-130, I wouldn’t expect to see that from 2010 to 11.  So that’s kind of thinking of it as the run rate we’re doing now is about the run rate we’re going to expect to have in 2011.
Bruce Tanner: That’s actually what I tried to see in the prepared remarks, exactly as you just said, Noah and you know when, again, I’ll harken back to when we spoke a year ago this time and I did give longer-term guidance for both 2011 and 2012 at that time. I thought at that time that we were trending more towards going into margins in the, you know, 10, 10 ½, upper-10 range and I still think even though sales have come down a little bit, with the portfolio changes we’re seeing, the higher F-35 sales stroke, you know, just as an example, I’m still seeing next year the F-35 market is going to grow some 20 percent above the level it is in 2010 for instance. So it is bringing with it lower margins over all and with that kind of portfolio shift, I do expect the margins to come down somewhat from where we are today, down into the tens probably in 2011. 
Bruce Tanner: George, I’ll offer up on other maybe observation for you. First off, if I go back to my early days when I started my career in Fort Worth working the F-16 program, every single F-16 contract in production was an FDI contract. So we’ve had this experience now for, in my case, almost 30 years.  And as I look at the F-35 in particular, you know, not to directly answer your question relative to target price and margins and so forth, but I found one of the interesting things as I looked at it is you take a look at the cost, the target cost on the L-rip 1 aircraft, so that was for two aircraft and compare that with the target cost of L rip-4, the cost of the L rip-4 aircraft are about half as much as the cost of the L-rip 1 aircrafts. So think of that in 31 aircrafts down the product line, we’ve lowered the cost amount on those aircraft by half and the other aspect as I look at from the risk perspective Bob described as far as working this contract is, you know, I very much view the L-rip 4 contract is the risk we’re taking on is continued, I’ll say performance down the learning curve.  I think we have a good understanding between ourselves and the government relative to concurrency risk with new findings in the SDD contract, the development contract such that that will not sort of bleed over onto the L-rip 4 contract. And it’s because of that, that I ultimately felt comfortable signing the – or getting the agreements with the contract with the terms that we have. 
Bob Stevens: And Rich, let me expand just a bit on Bruce’s comment. However, notionally we’ve had discussions with the Department of Defense Acquisition Team as we’ve extended these conversation about affordability initiatives in thinking through the prospect of increasing material prices and the greater need for us to act like a strategic buyer. And that’s why this notion of long-term contract, long-term predictability, multi-year procurements have been advanced by – I think the industry community broadly because that will allow us to get the best possible prices really in any set of market conditions, even if there were to be some upward price pressure.  Also, you asked the question about capacity constraints here. We planned our program in a flexible way so we’re not experiencing any capacity shortfalls today at all. And on our major program, take a C-130 as an example, we’ve been able to go from 16 to 26 to approximately 36 based on optimizing the investment that we’ve made. To date, we’d be able to do the same thing on the Joint Strike Fighter. We think our Littoral Combat Ship offering has been thought through in a similar set of circumstances.  So we try to balance our view about the capacity in assuring that we have gated investments. We call them gated, or we want to get a greater knowledge before we make entirely speculative investments about what the future horizon will look like. We try to build as much flexibility in the capacity that we have. And we also have thought through the prospect of potentially building down. If there were more headwind, can we build down and still not lose the bubble on affordability or profitability. The F-16 line is probably a good historical example of the ability to scale up as global circumstances change and customers – recapitalize needs vary and then to build down and build back up. So the lessons that we’ve learned there we try to populate throughout the company. 
Bob Stevens: And Jason, on the other side, a significant and important element when we move from costs reimbursable to fixed-price environments is assuring we’ve got a known configuration that the requirements are stable. So there’s additional discipline in the process and that’s not just on our side, it’s on the government side.  And not withstanding Lot-4, but let me give you just a sense about this movement from cost-type, to fixed-price type contract. There’s less flexibility overall in a fixed-price type of contract and that requires some behavioral changes. You know, I’ll make up an overly simplified illustration. It doesn’t really have much to do with Lot-4, but in a cost-reimbursable environment, if we agree that we are going to meet every quarter and the government would say we’d rather meet monthly, our first response is where, and when and what subject matters experts should we bring.  Under a fixed-price contract, we will say we’re going to need to submit a change order to you to change the contract budge baseline to now include provision for the costs of meeting monthly. That’s a behavioral difference.  So I think we’re all trying to go into this environment with our eyes open. As Bruce said, the wristband gets a little tighter on our side; the discipline, I think, gets cranked up on both sides. We lose a little flexibility but we think the advantages of taking on modestly more risk or diminishing flexibility will be worn out by improved performance on the program and that’s what we’re all focused on. 
Bob Stevens: Yeah. I would tell you that obviously we only speak for ourselves, but I’m going to guess we’re not the only one speaking to the predominant of the [inaudible] as described to you. Even as early as April of 2009 when Secretary Gates had a number of program decisions and announcements, some of which impacted our company and some in which impacted others, we began to communicate to you and others our sense and the praise we viewed in this new reality. And big part of that new reality was the fiscal challenges that our nation’s facing and the need to adapt, just some fiscal discipline.  As a result, you know, we’re seeing the – I think some building of the pressure on that horizon. Bruce gave you some illustrations about delays and cancellations. As we watch the Bills work their way through the congress, I think there was a level of interest that drew our attention in the Senate Appropriations Committee mark because they talked about the number of programs. I even think that if I get the math right, I think the number’s 41 programs they may have described as being delayed in some fashion. The result of which was they’re withholding some funding to see if those delays were going to be recovered or whether they were going to be persistent. So I think there’s a broader observation of the process slowing down a little and that’s why among the affordability initiatives that Dr. Carter [released], we are keenly interested in adding our full prodded voice and any experience we have in our energy and focusing on shortening the cycle time. Not only because it will help remedy the discussion that Bruce just had with you now about the onset of revenue recognition, but we pulled out all the way through to floor structure and military capability, that can be fielded. And we don’t want to see that process delayed either because the real value of the systems we work on, if you think of returns on their value commences when they get fielded and put into operational services.  So we – I think we have joined objectives and initiatives with the administration in getting this right. But our job here is to make sure that we’re as clear and transparent and can give you the best of our professional judgement as we look out over pretty complicated landscape and give you a feel that we have a future.  I’ll also say we’ve not hesitated in taking actions here that would be consistent with our appraisal of this future. Even as far back as 2009, we began consolidations where our program baselines would be changed. We’ve gone through some pretty painful reductions in force and that’s something we work hard to avoid, but we can’t avoid the reality of sizing the workforce to the volume of work that we have to accomplish with the government. We – we’ve elected some of the vestures here that we’ve described to you fully to help us focus and really meet new sets of expectations in the markets that we serve. But also to help us get a greater operational focus.  We talked about the voluntary separation program. We’ve been scrubbing our expense budgets and our capital budgets and really focusing on generating operational cash, which we think is a very important focus area as we adapt to the new reality which we are committed to adapting to, and running this business well. We think it’s very sound judgement on our part to focus on cash so that we can certainly weather any financial challenges we have, but also very much prepare for what we believe will be a re-establishment of the growth trajectory for the business in the future as we go through these early rounds of budget examination to see what new baselines will look like.  I like the priorities our programs enjoy. I like the support that we’ve had in the President’s budget with the administration. I like the support that we’ve had in Congress overall. As a statement about the portfolio, I think we align well with the military and intelligence community needs and some markets will probably accelerate and some will have a little pressure and we’ll do our best to have sound judgement here as we allocate resources and do not over invest in emerging or adjacent market areas so that we have difficulties in returning value on those investments and we’ll stay very focused and we’ll do our best to keep you advised in advance of our experience in these challenges. 
Bob Stevens: This is Bob Stevens. You know that, the answer to that is it all depends, but right now we’re not concerned. What we – if you look historically, we’ve had a good number of fixed-price type contracts where we execute very well. So the discussion in my mind is not whether or not risk is transferred or the contract type is cost reimbursable, fixed prices. What are the underlying conditions in behaviors that align with the contract type? There is no magic in a contract type. The magic is in alignment and that’s not just from our point of view, that’s the government’s point of view.  So as a matter of professional discipline on our part, we’re going to continue to advance discussions that say, if we want to undertake a different kind of contracting architecture here, let’s also undertake all the responsibilities that are necessary to align the conditions that make that contracting methodology successful for you, the government and us the industry. And so far, I believe we’ve been able to do that and I tried to highlight a little of Lot-4 F35. There will be some behavioral changes and there’ll be some discipline, and there will be some reduction in flexibility. We won’t jigger around the configuration, we’ll be – we’ll have a tighter bandwidth on performance all around. And I believe the government is up for that and we are certainly up for that and we know how to do this. We have the breadth and depth of our portfolio has been such that we’ve got lots of experience across the company and what we’re working on now is to make sure that we’re populating that experience across the company so that perhaps if there are organizations who in the recent past have not had familiarity with fixed price incentive type contracts, they’re becoming a lot smarter about fixed-priced contracting environments today as we think out government customers would want us to be so that we don’t fail to meet the execution responsibilities and commitments that we make.  So I mean, it is a concerted focus here. We’re not overly concerned about it. We can believe we have defined financial returns and generate value there as we have to deliver commitments under contracts to government customers. 
Bob Stevens: Yes, George, I’m not going to give you the target price and I’m not going to give you the target profitability or the margins. And I’m sure you’ll do a good job at making estimates about our performance of the absence of that data. I will tell you we have about a 74% learning curve expectation on production. We’re about walking down that curve. And of course there’s lots of negotiations and even in the back of my mind George, some competitive landscape of the F-35 as you look broadly around the globe, we think there’s going to be strong international interest and I’m really not leaning forward in giving very specific pricing and other information about it. That’s the only reason I don’t want to offer it at this time. But I will tell you, as we look at the transition from the FDD program into production, if we look at the movement of cost, if we look at the likely returns, the cost reimbursable environment through the transition production and the transition fixed price contracting, I tell you, this is in line with historic standards, save for maybe two observations that we did share with you and others, a 50/50 share line in Lot-4 is a little more aggressive and 120% sealing is a little tighter, but then we believed we had a constructive and valuable discussion about the content of the program, the configuration of the aircraft, what’s expected to be delivered. And those are the areas that tend to put pressure on cost. When you don’t have as thorough an understanding about content or what is exactly deliverable – we’ve tried to take that on earlier with full cooperation from our customer because our customer wanted us to step up and embrace some of this fixed-price incentive contract modeling. So it isn’t again, that we say no, we can’t do that – our viewpoint honestly is we can do a lot of things provided that conditions are consistent to warrant the contracting methodology and the architecture in the contract. 
Bob Stevens: Yeah, I’m happy to. A editorial note, at least from my point of view, I’ve heard some discussion about what was expected versus what was happened. What happened was what I expected, so. And I won’t comment more about that, I just find it interesting. So more than 70% of those who have accepted the voluntary executive separation program are retirement eligible, which means they could walk out the door today. And I’ll be very candid in my selection of language with you. It isn’t as though the actions that we’ve taken or that I’ve authorized here are taking us off a cliff. These folks were going to leave in the next couple of years anyway. And the question in our mind was, how do you want to orchestrate the environment in which seasoned senior folks are going to leave. And we elected to take ourselves to a position, rather than allow circumstances to envelope us and take us in a place that we have not planned for – or couldn’t adequately predict what the outcome would be.  So years ago, we began planning through a series of executive rotations. Perhaps you’re familiar with the phrase full spectrum leadership, the investment in a center for leadership excellence here to begin to populate a set of experience to rotation of assignments, and broadening experiences in this company. A cadre of talent, it was not retirement eligible today, recognizing we’ve got a demographic ship not just in our company and our industry, but throughout our government where the baby boomers are going to go to retirement. And they’re going to go no matter what you and I do.  So the best program was part of a much broader articulated strategy of how to transition through generational change in our company without losing the bubble on execution or programs. So we began to link executives through mentoring program and through experiential relationships so that we would grow the population underneath the senior leaders who were about to depart. And you added an important component here, the phasing of executive responsibility. So let’s do some math; 600 or so people will leave between now and February. Our sense was that they would be leaving in the relatively near-term anyway.  We begun early phasing in a variety of ways where it makes sense to do that. We won’t back fill, so entire compliment of 600 executives because a principle goal for us is to get leaner, more streamline, to right size this business, but we will back fill while we consolidate and realign our organizational focus. We think that makes us stronger, not weaker. And we’ll have people who will be placed into these realigned executive responsibilities, who have had experience, who do have contact with those who will be departing. In some cases, under the direct tutelage of those who will be leaving, and I will say this about the professional work force that we have, including our retires today and our soon to become retirees who are in the Vest program. They care deeply about the mission. They care deeply about this company, and there is not one who would fail to help a colleague even after they were to depart in February. So I think we’re very well aligned to face the reality that we’re all facing. And others I guess, will go about this at a approach that they think makes sense. This approach in our judgment was exactly the way we ought to navigate in this new reality, knowing we’re going to face the challenge that we’re facing.  So I think we’re very well positioned here. I don’t expect a single blimp on a program, I don’t expect any difficulty. We have plenty of phasing in time, which we are doing now. And we’ll continue to stay very focused on this. It’s not just going to be through February, but when new people go to new assignments at any time, under any set of conditions, we try to give them more rather than less help to make sure we’re all getting grounded and our expectations are clear and communications are crisp. And we’re prepared to do that, and have means and mechanisms in place now to help facilitate that.  So I’m pleased you asked the question because I think we haven’t talked a lot about beyond the numbers, what do you expect in an operating environment from the company as you move forward, and your question gave us an opportunity to highlight that a bit.
Bob Stevens: Well, there’s several observations I’d offer you there, George. But first, and I hope we conveyed this with clarity when we talked to you about EIG and PAD we do, routinely look at every aspect of this business, strategically, operationally, and financially relative to a short-term, intermediate term, and long-term fit with regards to delivering value to customers and value to shareholders while we create a vibrant environment here for our employees. If we trigger a threshold and any one of those domains, as was the case with EIG on the organizational conflict of interest or PAD where gross opportunities were progressively misaligned with our core strategy, we won’t hesitate. I will also tell you, we’re not pleased with trading multiple of our stock, and damn well believe we can do better. So in the short horizon I don’t think we’re going to be looking at wholesales divestiture here before we look at operating the businesses better, navigating through some near-term turbulence, recognizing the quality and strength of our portfolio and our ability to execute going forward, because we have the leadership and the professional capability to do a better job. And that’s got our focus. It won’t cause us to fail to look at the quality of our portfolio on a recurring basis, but I don’t think you should expect from us, wholesale divestitures because at a moment in time, there’s a little more pressure here than any of us would like. Our job is to go execute better and relieve some of that pressure.
Jerry Kircher: Jevon, this is Jerry. Because we’ve got a bunch of people in the queue still, if we could extend the call to 12:15, let’s continue on and work through the open queue. 
Jerry Kircher: You’re numbers are all very directionally accurate. Think of the discount rate change, and by the way, I’m not here to suggest that the discount rate is 5% today. We tried to give you some sensitivity in the press release. We picked that number thinking if things continue down the path from the interest rate perspective, that’s where it could be. I don’t think we’re there today, by the way.  But sticking to that number, if you assume the 5%, that’s about 400 million of the 550 or so that you’re talking about. And then the CAS/harmonization, from what we considered last year to now, moving that out from 2011 to 2012 that accounts for the full difference. Think of that as being about 150 million bucks next year. In 2012, I’ll be honest with you, I hate to even speculate on 2012, given that we – I don’t know where we’re going to end up in 2010. I’d just as soon wait until we see what that looks like, and perhaps I’ll give you some more color on that in the January call.
Jerry Kircher: George, I thank you for the question. Let me thank you Jevon for your help on the call today, and thank everybody who joined us. We’re going to focus, as I said on execution, and on streamlining, and on becoming more efficient as we learn more about our budget priorities and program priorities here on the domestic business front, and in the international community. And we’ll be able to share more complete set of observations with you in January when we’re next on the line together. So thanks again for being with us today.
