Marillyn Hewson: Thanks for the question, Peter. I know this is a – a lot of questions around this. But I want to just start by saying that it is a pretty fluid situation, but one in which we’ve been engaged with the Department of Defense for a number of months. Close to a year at looking at challenges you see on this program because there have been indications that there were discussions under way. So it’s clearly a government matter. As I mentioned, we’re going to always follow with the official guidance’s of the US government. And so that’s why we’ve had a lot of discussions with the Department of Defense on that. In terms of your first question about could those eight per year in the next three lots in 12, 13 and 14 by – be absorbed by others? Yes, they could. As you know, there have been additional countries that have expressed interest outside Poland, for example, they just most recently said they’d like to purchase 32 and they are in a process right now of moving through that process for their develop of request an agreement. There are other countries that have clearly indicated that they want more. We mentioned Japan in the past and others. So I don’t see that as a big challenge for us to absorb them. We are – we continue to ramp up production. Related to your question on the supply chain we have been working on this for a number of months, of looking at what could potentially be the impact, making sure that we could mitigate the risk associated with the parts that are produced in Turkey. And so, we have a very good mitigation plan. Discontinuing their participation certainly would impact the supply chain posture across production sustainment to some extent. And so because of that, we’ve been working on it and the F-35 enterprise, the JPO, Lockheed Martin, all of our suppliers are fully confident in the strength and stability of the program and we are working – we’ve been working to wind down the Turkish industry involvement. And so we have a – we have a timeline that we’re working toward. As you’ve heard, it’s out through March of 2020 that we think it will all be resolved. And I think we’re – and because we addressed it, it’s been percolating for a while and we addressed it early, and have been working closely with the Pentagon and even they have requested reprogramming dollars out of Congress to support it. We’re very much comfortable that we’re on a good path to mitigate any risks to the program.
Marillyn Hewson: So. Rajeev, I think you know, talking about budgets maybe gives us a better sense of what our customers will have in terms of where they would make their decisions, we’ll have to see how it plays out in terms of what that means for Lockheed Martin. I mean, for the current budget negotiations, it appears that our programs are well supported. But again, we’ll just have to wait until Congress gets through its process and closing on that. So, I can’t really give you a revenue projection around that. The best thing we can do is what we’re giving you in our outlook today and we’re right now in our planning process that we do annually of looking what it’s going to look like in the next coming years. So, we’ll continue to do that. The one thing I would point to for you is the strong backlog, we have. $137 billion backlog gives you, should give you a sense of a very strong performance for us in the next few years. And then, the upside we’ll see as we win more programs and build that backlog is an indication on revenue growth for us. We are very much focused on a strategy of long-term growth and continue to think that not only our portfolio of products we have today are well supported by both the U.S. and our international customers, but beyond that, we’re investing in areas that we think are going to be in demand in the future. So, I feel very good about our growth prospects, but I can’t really make a direct connection between what the budget negotiations are on Capitol Hill versus what our revenue growth is.
Marillyn Hewson: The only thing I would add Ron here is that we there’s been a little bit of a disappointment, but it’s such a small element of the portfolio. It has it’s been offset by all those growth opportunities that you highlighted Ken with the commercial. We have been challenged in our commercial oil and gas area that’s well known it’s, it hasn’t come back and I think that’s true across the industry. But that’s a small element of portfolio, it’s has been very well offset by the growth opportunities we’ve seen on Sikorsky.
Marillyn Hewson: And then to your question about why, why do you think we’re winning market share? I would just say that we have put innovation and investment in extending our products and investing in new products as the priority in this company. I mean, that’s – we know that, that’s where we bring value to our customers. And so it’s long running investments that we have been making into the programs that are coming to fruition that allows us to win. For example, hypersonics is a great example of that, a lot of the work that we have been doing in that for a number of years. Directed Energy is another example. These are areas that – and even on our current portfolio as we look at extended ranges like PAC-3 MSE or we look at other opportunities that we can do to invest and even in our current portfolio is what allows us. And then I think the key thing is that we have got a very talented team of folks that are always focused on performance and performing on the work we have sets us up well, be able to win new business, because we can invest in affordability, we can invest in innovation to bring that value.
Marillyn Hewson: Thanks, Greg. So let me just conclude the call today by again reiterating that our second quarter results and our increased 2019 outlook reflect our commitment to our strategy of growth and operational excellence, because we are going to continue to deliver long-term value creation for our stockholders and innovative solutions for our customers. So once again, we thank you for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking to you on our next earnings call in October. John, that concludes our call today.
Ken Possenriede: Hey, Peter. This is Ken. The only thing I would say is we have worked very closely with the Joint Program Office, and if there is any harm to industry, we will be compensated for that. So we’re working very closely with them that could – regarding cost schedule or any payment terms, we are – we will be fully compensated for that, which is obviously a good thing.
Ken Possenriede: Since my boss is sitting across the table for me, I’ll say roll tide. So, you know, you’re right. We have done a nice job of working with the customer set, whether it’s the Army, the Air Force, the Navy, DARPA. As Marillyn mentioned, we’ve got $3.5 billion of contracts that are either in our backlog or will soon be in our backlog. It’s – they’re generating sales. They are in – all these programs are in the development, the prototype phase of their program, you’ll start seeing first launch prototype launches starting next year on most of these programs, some of these programs actually have scope that is to prepare for production doesn’t mean they’re going to go into production. But I think once these things are either deemed successful or not in the prototype, the development phase, once we get past first launch, then I think it will be the time for that customer set to sit with us, to see if it makes sense to go into production and that’s probably, say two years out would be our best guess. So you will see this year and next year and into 2021 us continue to perform on these programs from a prototype development standpoint. Perhaps shape a couple of more programs and get a few more in our backlog, but production won’t happen for the next couple of years.
Ken Possenriede: So everybody is on a roll today. Thanks. Thanks, George. You know, actually if you look at our order book, and if you put aside, we assumed we would get the block buy order in the second quarter. Definitization for lot 12 and lot 13, that did not happen. If you put that aside for the year, we’re beating our orders plan by $11 billion and those, some of those are pull ahead. So think of the AWE order that we got, it was for three years. So we’re not getting many sales this year for that order. There are some orders this year that frankly were pull-ins or were orders that we did not expect. There were a few in F-35, we’ve got some follow-on modernization contracts and some sustainment contracts we did not expect. In fact Space is having the strongest year from an order book standpoint, a lot of those are in Mission Systems. There was some Orion work we did not expect, and that is why you’ve seen the increase in guidance for Space being as robust as it is. So roughly, that $1.5 billion, a lot of that is still in front of us in the third and the fourth quarter and a lot of that is for frankly front end orders we got this year. Also remind you that we got the OPIR contract late last year. CSC the Canadian Surface Combatant of RMS and GPS III in late last year. Those programs, especially since Space has talked about – the agency has talked about go fast, we are – we taking them by their word and we are going fast and we’ve accelerated sales. And so a lot of it is order book from late last year and the increase in orders we got in the first half of this year. We’ve done very well there. Thank you.
Ken Possenriede: The only other thing I’d add Seth is, we do have a very robust, I will call it corporate development process, which includes everything that Marillyn talked about including divestitures and M&A. In fact, we meet with Marillyn, and the head of our corporate strategy lead on a monthly basis to review that and also to review exactly what you just described the – what impact will the scale of UTC have on us, UTC Raytheon have on us, and we’re still sorting that out.
Ken Possenriede: Good bet Rich and I’ll take that. So you’re right. The ink is not yet dry on, on the Block Buy contract yet, but we’re still going through that and we’re hopeful in the third quarter, we’ll have that lot 12 and 13 definitized. Regarding pricing, we have – we have, I think done a nice job with the joint program office on this contract demonstrating where we think costs are going. We’ve worked very closely with our supply chain in terms of driving down costs and ensuring they still got value from the program from a profitability standpoint. And you’re right it is early, but the deal we think we’ve signed, its two parts of a profit. It’s a base fee, and part of that base fee is a supplier incentive fees that we are going to receive. And that is ensuring that the quality of the work being done and also the price of the work done by our supply chain will if we hit those targets, we will be incentivized for that. The second piece is very similar to Lot 11. We’re going to get a performance incentive fee and that’s based on the final assembly on Lot 12 and then made on Lot 13 and 14 and we feel really good about those targets going forward and we do think if we perform, we have an opportunity to improve margins on Lot 12 through 14, relative to previous lots and part of that is the fee arrangement that we have, that incentivizes us on good performance, plus we’re comfortable with the cost targets that we have for our internal costs and our supply chain. Regarding sustainment and production, we’re seeing production is probably going to be higher in the future compared to sustainment. There would be one thing that could potentially impact that if we can work with the customer to get some type of PBL contract that incentivizes us to reduce cost and availability that, that potentially could help. But just based on the mix of programs on sustainment between cost plus and fixed price compared to production, which is all fixed price, we’ll see higher margins on production going forward.
Ken Possenriede: Yes, the only thing I’d add on that and then I’ll get to the capital question is, you look at the budgets that are out there and what some of the sound bites are. It does play nicely into our portfolio. So, we do feel good about that and as Marillyn mentioned, we’re excited to start seeing the business areas come in and show us their long-range plan in the next quarter, and we’ll give you some color on that in the October call. Regarding capex, we’ve mentioned, we’ve had we’re stronger than in capital expenditures than we have been historically and we’ll see that for the next couple of years and a lot of that is driven by the recent wins we had in Palmdale. So, we’re building new buildings out in Palmdale for some of the classified wins that we have and I will note that, that big classified job we won last year we did get the second customer order this year, which is great news. So that’s progressing as we like. We talked about Missiles and Fire Control, the ramp on production, that will continue and we’re continuing to see strong demand there. So, there’ll be a strong capital requirement there and at Space, we’re continuing to finish up our gateway program. So, it will be around the $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion of capex probably for the next couple of years. So that’s the best line of sight we have today.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. You’re right. So, we have had some working capital growth in the first half of the year primarily in inventory and in unbilled receivables or contract assets. The thing I would say though is, we have grown the first half of the year very, very strong relative to where we were on December 31st. So, we think we’re doing the working capital build in a smart way. We do see a strong cash generation in the second half of the year and then going into next year, so we do have a concerted effort to reduce our unbilled inventory, reduce the inventory that’s on the balance sheet in the second half of the year and then going into next year. And we’ve always said that would happen to just pick, isolate and pick Sikorsky, we’ll start having those development programs start going into production programs in the next couple of years. So, we will see our working capital come down in a significant way in the next couple of years. Regarding pensions, the best line of sight we have today is, so interest rates are down 75 basis points from where we thought they would be, and we’ve talked about our long-term asset growth of 7%. We are close to 12% year to date. I know the year is not over. So, if you look at those two variables right now, we’ll go through the planning process in the next couple of months, but right now we see a pension contribution of about $500 million next year and then $2 billion in 2021 and probably another $2 billion in 2022. We will go through a financial review later this year and we’ll look at the timing of those pension contributions, whether it makes sense to pull them forward and that will have to be relative to some of the debt obligations that we have in 2020 and 2021. So, we’ll sort that all out in the next couple of months.
Ken Possenriede: Yes, Doug. So, I gave you color on I gave you color on Lot 12 to 14. So, we’ll hit Milestone C on F-35 soon, and we’ll hopefully start converting these FPI contracts to firm fixed price contracts. And that then will give us the opportunity to recoup more of the underruns than for the contracts we have today. So basically, today the overruns are capped just like a fixed price contract, but we are sharing in the underruns and on a few of these programs we have been fortunate where we have underrun and we’ve been sharing that with the United States government. So, I think it would be going forward, it would be beyond the Block Buy, and it would have to be starting when we start getting into multi-year. So, Lot 15 and beyond would be the opportunity for us to get up in to the to the 13th. And we would do our 13% we would do everything we can to make that happen, and make sure it’s still a fair deal for our customers as well.
Ken Possenriede: Thanks, Joe. Yes. So, I we really don’t have a visibility yet into next year, and you’re right we’ve much stronger growth, the good news is backlog is much stronger as well. So, we need to see the timing of that burn down of backlog and we won’t have that visibility for another for another two months and I will, I promise give you that color on the October call. Just going forward, if you look at where we’re going, from a pension standpoint, we do see line of sight out in the 2026 time period where you hopefully you recall we are freezing our pension for the most part, totally by the end of the year and we do see line of sight in ‘20 the end of this year, excuse me, a line of sight in the 2026, 2027 time period where we will be making a modest pension contributions generally for bargaining arrangements that we have. So, it will be out in that time period where we’ll be able to do that. And just to recall, if you look at our CAS recoveries, our CAS recoveries out for the next couple of years are going to be around $2.5 billion and as I mentioned earlier, our pension contributions as we see them today in the 2021, 2022 and 2023 time period are likely to be around $2 billion, but even going farther out as our CAS recoveries go down, they will still be higher than our pension contributions in 2026, 2027 time period.And that should be able to offset working capital to potentially fund the pension plan. So, yes, that potentially could happen.
Ken Possenriede: You bet. So, you know, talking to Missiles and Fire Control and they talking to their customer, and I was actually being in the room with them at times. We see strong growth still across their portfolio. So, if you look at Hellfire, I mean you mentioned, Pete, you mentioned you’re spot on, there is still continued capital growth there and it is bought in by the United States government, they understand what we’re doing and fully support it. You will see us in Hellfire go from roughly 8,000 units, up to 11,000 units. We see line of sight of that. GMLRS from 6,000 to 10,000, ATACMS up to 500, JASSM will see significant growth, PAD will continue to see significant growth and I’m sure you saw the big order we got this year from KSA. So, we do see continued demand with THAAD. PAC-3, 350 to 500. In fact, Missiles and Fire Control has heard from their customer set that if we could build 750, they and the international customers would take them. So, we do see very, very strong demand for the next couple of years with Missiles and Fire Control. In fact, they will likely be the fastest growing business area of the Lockheed Martin portfolio for the next couple of years.
Ken Possenriede: So, Ron, good morning. So, we’re pleased with how Sikorsky is performing. You have a strong performance with the Black Hawk programs. We just as Marillyn mentioned in her prepared remarks, we got LRIP 2 and 3 with on CH-53K. We’re happy with that performance. We’re trying to shape a deal in India for the MH-60. We have a lot of international demand there. Generally speaking, we’re pleased with the cost take out that we did at Sikorsky, how we integrated them into RMS. Some of the production programs have slipped to the right, understandable, I mean, normal development things that happen, but I’d say on the whole, we’re very pleased with the performances of Sikorsky. We talked about the working capital growth earlier. A lot of that working capital growth is at Sikorsky and it will burn down over the next couple of years. We are trying to shape a couple of new business wins that we feel good about that, the FARA, which is the medium lift helicopter. We feel good about that going forward and then FARA which is the light lift helicopter, we feel good about that. So, on the whole, we’re pleased with where things are going.
Ken Possenriede: And to the point I make there is, and I think we highlighted this Bruce did that, we discounted a lot of that going forward, but you’re right, that would have been nice upside if the market turned.
Ken Possenriede: You bet, Rob. You know, as I mentioned earlier, we are ahead of our we’re beating, we’re going to beat our plan this year by about $11 billion. You know, I’d say, Rob, it’s probably half pull aheads and half things that we’ve shaped with our customers that were not in our plan.So, you mentioned hypersonics, on the whole, most of those awards were not in our plan, and just to give you a little color, we’re going to probably book about $600 million of sales in hypersonics this year. And then the rest of that $3.5 billion would go into the next two years as I mentioned earlier. AWE, the two additional years would be a pull ahead. The Aeronautics for the most part was, our upside, they were not pull aheads. A lot of the other space programs were upside, so Orion, additional scope is upside. The mission solution’s work is new scope. We had a new order for an international customer for our SOF S-70i program. So, I’d say on the whole, about half pull aheads and half shaping by us to win new programs.
