Jim Taiclet: So, Peter, our merger agreement with Aerojet Rocketdyne allows for a 30-day period post filing of a lawsuit to make that decision of either defend or terminate the agreement. So, we’ll be working with our Board over the next few days and weeks to make that determination.
Jim Taiclet: Well, of course, I mean, it’s a great opportunity actually with your question, Peter, to speak to what John and I have been talking about here, disciplined and dynamic capital allocation process. So basically, we array and assess all the alternative uses of capital and through a lens of what’s the most beneficial for the shareholder, what’s the best long-term ROI for that dollar of cash flow. And we look at the array of IR&D CapEx that I just talked about. Last year, it was about $3 billion in total. We made those investments because we think for organic or new business growth, they’re going to have great ROIs and they’re going to get the first call on our investment. But we don’t have an unlimited set of opportunities, so to speak, in either R&D or CapEx. So, it’s bounded. So then we look at inorganic growth opportunities, which could be M&A, joint ventures, et cetera. Those that are available are not necessarily expansive right now, let’s say. And so, then that leads you then to share repurchase and dividend growth, which is where the bulk of our funds are going these days, as you’ve heard from John. So, it’s dynamic and disciplined. That’s what we mean by it is we’re going to look across all those opportunity sets, look for the best ROI for the shareholder down the road, and then we’re going to allocate that capital there. And we don’t need to grow our cash balance. We have upside, I’d say, on leverage, should we choose to take it down the road. So, you’re going to see us continue to allocate capital in that way. So, we’re not just going to sit back and say, well, whether AJRD goes through or not, we’re just going to sort of sit back on our capital and let it grow in the cash count. We’re going to keep allocating it dynamically to the most and best how it’s used.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. So, I’ll start off, it’s Jim here, and then turn it over to John. So it really was encouraging what Congress came out with in the NDAA. From a program perspective, it was excellent for the Company, 9 additional Black Hawks, 2 additional CH-53K in the NDAA, 4 additional C-130Js and 12 more that interceptors. And beyond that, there was increased funding for some of our tactical and strike missile programs as well. So really solid literally across the Company impact of the NDAA. We’re assuming that the continuing resolution does get resolved at some point by September 31, 2022. And the impact of that NDAA, and hopefully the defense budget appropriation coming along with it, will be really to build the pipeline of future revenue for us. It’s -- given there’s only sort of 7 or 8 months in the fiscal year left in the first place, we have most of our revenue visibility already in process of production orders and deliveries. So John, I’ll give it back to you. But basically, it’s -- those plus ups are longer-term value creators for us and the shareholder, not necessarily going to hit meaningfully in the next, say, six to seven months.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. Good morning, Kristine. I’ve just returned a couple of weeks ago from opening up that Courtland facility in Alabama. And two of our, I guess, marquee programs and those that are perhaps among the furthest along, in fact, three programs are going to be produced there. And I’ll just mention them really briefly. It’s a complicated set of systems. But a couple to keep in mind are what the Navy calls Conventional Prompt Strike or CPS. That’s a hypersonic missile of some size that has very good range and will be launched from submarines and ultimately from destroyer-type shifts. In concert with the development of that strike product, the Army has teamed up with the Navy, which is somewhat innovative and novel for them, for what they call the Long-Range Hypersonics Weapon program, so LRHW. The Army intends to use a very similar missile but launch from ground units through what’s called a TEL. TEL stands for Transporter Erector Launcher. We’ve already delivered the first training unit of that TEL to the Army. So, they’re working with that today. The missiles will be produced in the Courtland factory over the next few years. And we’ll be serving the Navy and the Army from there. The third product that we intend to produce in the Courtland facility is for the Air Force, and that’s called ARRW or A-R-R-W, so Advanced Rapid Response Weapon. That’s an air-launched missile that travels with hypersonic speeds, and we’re testing those at Edwards Air Force base now on B-52 bombers as the carriers there. So we’re going through test events in that program with the Air Force. And over the next couple of years, we hope to be making the production runs on those as well. So, that’s the summary. Again, there’s more to the story, but I think those are the highlights, CPS, the advanced air-launched weapon and then the long-range hypersonics for the Army.
Jim Taiclet: And Rich, I’d just summarize all that by saying we think the bow wave has passed in supply chain disruption for Lockheed Martin, but we’re still watching it closely. And as John just said, not all the risk is out of the system yet.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. I think we made great progress over the past year by really bringing attention and integration between the joint program office, these key services that fly the airplane and Lockheed Martin and actually Pratt & Whitney also is the suppliers. So, we’ve all joined together in a way that I think might even be unprecedented in that we all realize we have a shared goal to reduce the cost per flight hour and improve the readiness rate of the jet. And we’re all working together to do that. So, we’ve had some successes where we’ve got long lead time spare part orders already through the system, and that will help with having enough spare parts in the right places at the right time to reduce costs and improve the readiness rate. We’ve also received a request for proposal for somewhat more limited, but nonetheless, a PBL or performance-based logistics program that we, again, together agreed, let’s really focus on the supply chain side of that, which you can integrate with production parts planning and sustainment parts planning. You always want to -- if you can keep those together. That’s where this PBL is largely focused, less so on sort of the labor piece of it, which we’ll figure out as we go with the government, what happens in our supply chain, what happens at Lockheed Martin, what happens in depots. But the bulk of the value will be in the parts flow, distribution, production integration, et cetera. That is, I think, a three-year PBL. We hope to get that negotiated over the next coming months or quarters, if you will. So, I think, we’re really well on the road to having a much more coherent and integrated industry customer program office approach to sustainment. And we’ve already got good progress in getting some of the cost per hour down even as we speak.
Jim Taiclet: And we did move it up with the joint program office to a five-year PBL response. So, that’s where we’re standing today.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Doug, it’s Jim. Just as I think everyone on this call understands, you have to invest in the capital base for your peak of the sawtooth production schedule. And then you’ve got overcapacity in those years where the sawtooth trends down, and then you might have to recover and invest even more to bring it back up. So between the services and JPO and us, I was literally in on this conversation myself because I understand the needs of the Air Force and Marines and Navy as well as the production system that steady and reliable 156 a year was the right investment level for government and for Lockheed Martin and our supply base over time. So, I agree with John that the bias could be to the upside, especially if we win more of the international opportunities. But, I don’t see a lot of downside risk to it. And the last thing I’ll touch on, because you’ve actually taken a deep dive into this, Doug, and I appreciate you taking time to do that in the past. We’re getting more interest in our sort of technology acceleration concepts to bring digital world technologies into the defense enterprise. And in the aerospace domain, the F-35 is not only the logical, it’s the essential cornerstone of actually doing that. Because the aircraft, especially with the Tech Release 3 and the Block 4 capabilities that John mentioned are coming, will have, by far, the highest data storage level, the highest data processing capability; and with our 5G.MIL approach, the most comprehensive connectivities of the cloud, both dedicated and commercial, to really make it even more attractive. So I do see if there’s a bias to anything to be on the upside as this other element of the F-35 becomes increasingly important, its capability to be an edge node and an integrated system.
Jim Taiclet: So Ron, I actually had the opportunity to visit both engine plants in the last couple of months, Middletown for Pratt & Whitney and Evendale for GE. To their credit, both companies are investing great talent and resources in improving engine options for the F-35. So, there’s one road that the government customers can take, which is improving the existing basic engine design. And there’s a second road they could take, which is a clean sheet engine design that you identify it correctly. It’s called adaptive cycle engine, right? So, I’ve been around this earlier in my career, so I find it interesting. But the difference between the adaptive cycle engine and the upgraded existing engine technology is that rather than two streams of airflow going through the engine, it’s divided into three streams with some fairly sophisticated veins and control mechanisms and feedback throughout the engine. Both potential engine vendors are developing that second technology that I’m talking about, the adaptive cycle or three-airflow-type engine. And it’s really just now up to the Joint Program Office and the Services and Department of Defense writ large to work with us and figure out, well, will the improved engine technology be a viable option for the future based on the threat? So, the threat is evolving. The aircraft has to improve. As you said, if it does improve, it has a wider use case for the U.S. and other nations. And it really will be a U.S. government decision as to based on the threat they’re facing and their assessment of it and our input on what the aircraft needs to do to meet it, they will make an engine decision on one of those two roads, improve what’s there today or go for an entire new technology, which is that three-stream airflow engine.
Jim Taiclet: So Mike, a lot of this is really what we call a keep-sold effort, right? 5G.MIL is designed to, first of all, give our customers more efficient higher level of performance in missions that they’re trying to accomplish. So, one of those missions that we’ve modeled pretty deeply is called counter air, for example. The second one is surface warfare and a third one is integrated air and missile defense. We modeled those at a staff level in great detail with both Lockheed Martin and other OEM platforms contributing to those missions in an accelerated fashion and the new platforms coming on board to further enhance that mission capability. That’s a whole different way of looking at things than the defense industrial base has used in the past, in my view. And frankly, it may be different than our customers and their procurement systems have looked at it. We typically respond to RFPs as we just talked about, where government officials determine a need. They write up a detailed document to distribute to industry who can meet that need, and then we kind of individually respond with our own proposals. What we’re trying to do is adopt the tech industry’s practice of, what’s the mission we’re trying to accomplish? Is it autonomous cars at scale? Is it drone package deliveries? And then figure out what existing vehicles and platforms and systems we have that can contribute that mission and what new ones do we need to develop. But at the same time, we can upgrade that mission every 6 to 12 months. And that’s what 5G.MIL is designed to do. It’s designed to figure out how to not have to wait six years for the next NGAD platform but rather how do we integrate platforms we have today, while that NGAD is being developed over that period of time, increase our capability every 6 to 12 months. So, what 5G.MIL will do will help keep-sold a lot of Lockheed Martin platforms because we’re going to endeavor to put those capabilities on our platforms first to be a pathfinder so we get other OEMs to play with us and create a common standard set and actually have them contribute to that mission profile too. So, very complicated answer to a simple question. You’ll see it as perhaps the program or record of F-35, either to stay -- maintains or increases. You’ll see as we start linking in, hey, perhaps Future Vertical Lift will be a hopefully decision criteria because we’re going to enable that with 5G.MIL to connect to other assets. So, that’s where you’re going to see it. There may not necessarily be another affordable unit or something that comes along the way that says 5G.MIL x billion. It’s going to come in many ways through our existing platforms predominantly. And over time, we’ll hope to license some of these technologies to others and get some income that way. But this is really a keep-sold to drive the Lockheed Martin platform base forward and make the other platforms that we’re developing prospectively for our customers enabled already with that in the design phase and make them more attractive too. That’s really why we’re doing this.
Jim Taiclet: So, Myles, we’re sticking to our economics and trying to make sure that our shareholders get appropriate agreement on their behalf negotiated by our team, and we continue to strive to do that.
Jim Taiclet: Okay. And then, on the Future Year Defense Plan or FYDP, F-Y-D-P, that is being developed in the first sort of real year of that forward-looking approach is 2023. It’s too soon to know what the percentage growth rates in the defense budget are going to be. But our expectation will be that FY22, which we’re already, again, a third of the way through, but it looks like a $740 billion number would be the base line upon which 2023 growth would be placed. And then that growth percentage, of course, is going to have to come through the administration and Congress. But if you look at -- and it’s evident each day that goes by. If you look at the evolving threat level and the approach that some countries are taking, including North Korea, Iran and through some of its proxies in Yemen and elsewhere, and especially Russia today, these days, and China, there’s renewed great power competition that does include national defense and threats to it. And the history of United States is when those environments evolve that we do not sit by and just watch it happen. So, I can’t talk to a number, but I do think and I’m concerned personally that the threat is advancing, and we need to be able to meet it. And the contribution we can make at LM is to increase the efficiency and the reliability of our products that we have today for our customer. And secondly, to try to bring this 21st century digital technology to the enterprise in a way that allows us to keep up with the adversaries while we’re developing even newer and more advanced systems.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. Thanks, Greg. I’d like to conclude the call by thanking the entire Lockheed Martin community for their steadfast commitment and a really challenging year for supporting our customers and each other. And we’re all going to work to put the pandemic hopefully behind us here in ‘22. I’m confident in our future because the outstanding integrity and performance and innovation of our workforce, and we’ve got like 60,000 engineers and scientists working every day to try to address these issues. And we’ll continue to support our customers and their essential missions that we just talked about. And look, I also appreciate our investors’ confidence in our capability to execute on our long-term free cash flow per share growth strategy. And thanks again to all of you then for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you in April. Bye, everybody. Take care.
John Mollard: Yes. And just to put a point on the CR impact, it would take pretty much a full year CR to have any sort of impact on our revenue that you would see. The biggest impact will be to our customers’ ability to prosecute their missions, especially in program areas where requirements would have us on a trajectory to grow. And obviously, with the CR, you’re not able to grow program requirements. So absent a full year CR, I would anticipate relatively de minimis impact on the forecast we’ve given. And I think your -- next question was around the change in the R&D tax payment assumption. I think last -- historically, we’ve talked about a number of $2 billion. I think last quarter, it was probably a little more subtle than you would have thought. We’ve kind of changed the definition to say, "Hey, we could see up to $2 billion." I’ll start by saying there’s still a possibility that legislation is going to get enacted that will end up in this getting deferred or repealed, and I said that in the script. But given the number one vehicle to have that done is the President build back better legislation and given where that is, the path to enactment remains unclear right now. But we do, however, believe there’s recognition by Congress that legislation is needed to address this critical aspect of R&D activities. It’s really not at all consistent with our nation’s public policy objectives. Now, specific to the change in the amount from up to $2 billion to the approximately $500 million we’ve got in our guidance. One of the first reviews I had with our tax team after taking on my current role is to understand the assumptions that were used in calculating that projected impact. I have a bunch of questions about these assumptions, and as 2022 grew closer without any form of legislative action, we refined our analysis and then shared that with external advisors. And what we did -- we concluded that the capitalization provision scope was narrow than what we had originally assumed. We’ve historically claimed the R&D tax credit on certain activities. And after discussion with our advisors, we determined that the R&D tax credit framework is relevant in establishing the scope of R&D activity that will require capitalization. So, as a result, we’ve updated our estimated impact to reflect the value that is consistent with the provisions of the tax code.
John Mollard: Yes, absolutely. Good question. Probably the two biggest, I’ll call them, dilutive impacts on margins in ‘22 is the growth in our classified activity in Skunk Works. These are predominantly very good ROI programs, but their margins that they attract that given the lower financial risk associated with these programs are going to be dilutive. So, we’re projecting growth in the Skunk Works operation of roughly $300 million that’s coming in. That’s going to be dilutive. And then, we’ve got a lot of growth in our F-16 program, and given where that program is, I mean we’re roughly a year out from first deliveries on the F-16 line with the ramp that we’re expecting. We’re projecting revenue to increase on F-16 roughly $300 million. Given where that program is in its life cycle, we think it’s prudent to reflect typically prudent but relatively conservative margins on that growth. And as a result, you’re going to see a reduction in margins in 2022 on the F-16 program. Those are probably the two biggest dilutive margin growth areas within Aeronautics. I think longer term, the key to growing margins in Aeronautics is going to be performing on the delivery of the F-35 production program. And that’s going to require us to perform on delivering the enhanced capabilities that our customers need that we’ve talked about a lot in keeping, for example, the TR3 infrastructure upgrade program on track, keeping the mission capability expansions on track. I’m fully confident we will be able to achieve our internal operating metrics. And if we do, there will be upside.
John Mollard: And Kristine, this is John. To your question on the long-range guide, I think I’ll stick with the $3 billion sort of revenue forecast in 2026. There are opportunities to grow it. As Jim mentioned, there’s operational urgencies driving our customers to push us to go faster and faster. There’s emerging activity in counter hypersonics that -- maybe of some note that we’ll keep an eye on that could provide upside to that forecast. But I think for modeling purposes, I’m comfortable with $3 billion.
John Mollard: Yes. Rich, I’ll take the first one, and I’ll let Jim take the second one. Just in general, as you pointed out, we accelerated substantially more payments to our supply chain during the fourth quarter than we even talked about back in October when at the time, we had $1.5 billion accelerated, and we said that we would anticipate maintaining that level through the year-end. But given the global COVID situation and the ongoing fragility in our supply chain, we decided that increasing the level of accelerated payments to our partners was a prudent risk mitigation strategy. And to your point about, are you hitting your marks, I’ll give a lot of credit to our global supply chain leadership team. They’ve been actively working with all of our suppliers to ensure we’re collectively positioned to meet our customer requirements, and that includes like embedding our own Lockheed Martin personnel within their facilities to help with the stresses that they’re facing. And as a result, I think a proactive activity by our supply chain leadership team, I was encouraged to see that our fourth quarter supply chain activity was in line with the expectations we set in October, which assumes some level of recovery from October -- from what we saw in the third quarter. But there is still no doubt an overhang on the ability of our supply chain really to pivot to normal changes and requirements. So, I don’t think we’re all the way out of the woods, but I think we’re focused -- we’ve got laser-like focused from both a management involvement point of view and financial support.
John Mollard: On the hypersonic strategy, I’m just going to take AJRD out of the discussion, but I will tell you this. So for us and our customer base, which is basically the three largest military services in the United States, we’ve all agreed jointly to kind of a go-fast approach to development, which means there’s a little more risk in the development sequence, if you will, develop and test, learn the lessons and then redesign. So, we’re doing that jointly. And one of the benefits of integrating somewhat vertically with propulsion and what’s called the glide body, which is the heat-absorbing part of the missile, and then the full air system that supports the missile either out of the tube or off the airplane. The more you can integrate that engineering organization, probably the faster you could go, but we can manage it as we do today with the propulsion provider outside of Lockheed Martin. So, we’ll continue to manage it as we have. We think we could have gotten the speed and efficiency increase by partial vertical integration hypersonics through the AJRD acquisition specifically. But we can still manage it whichever way that deal turns out.
John Mollard: Yes. Just to kind of put a quantitative mention on what Jim was talking about. So, at the end of the year of 2021, we had 753 fielded aircraft. And based on the production plan, that number of fielded aircraft is going to grow from 753 to like 1,525 aircraft, which is a 15% compound annual growth rate, and the number of fielded aircraft and the flight hour growth rate even faster. So, you can think of sustainable cost as a function of flight hours. The flight hours are growing over 16%. And I think we gave you a long-term sustainment revenue chart in our October call, and you would have seen on there a 6% growth in our compound annual growth rate and our sustainment costs over the period. So to me, personally, that says a lot to the amount of aggressive cost takeout that’s being embedded by all the actions Jim talked about.
John Mollard: Yes. So, I’ll take a shot at that one, Doug. I mean just the broad pattern is the U.S. program of record is over 2,400 aircraft. I can’t remember if it’s 2,430 or 2,450 or whatever. But then, we anticipate another, call it, 900 international aircraft. So, the total program by program of record is in excess of 3,300 aircraft. So, when we look at that and we look at the production flow and we think about when will we get -- Finland is probably the most current contract or approach or campaign that we think we’ll get under contract most quickly and then Switzerland, and you’ve got opportunities in Canada as well as a number of other campaigns. In looking at the data, the 156 aircraft production rate, I would think, if anything, has bias to the upside. I mean, the reason for picking the 156 is the last thing you want is a sawtooth production pattern where you’re ramping up and ramping down. So between us and the joint program office, we set a rate that we’re fairly comfortable will result in a level-loaded production build tempo for the foreseeable future.
John Mollard: Yes. Thanks, George. I’ll take both of those questions. And as it -- as usual, your analysis is right on. I’ll start with the last question in and around RMS. Yes, we’re projecting almost a $300 million revenue decline in Black Hawk, the multiyear 9. Obviously, that’s a hot production line, which would tend to have accretive margins. So we’ve got a decline there. We’ve also got an over $300 million ramp in the CH-53K program, as you indicated. And that -- given where we are in that program with a long run runway ahead of it, we -- again, per our typical practice, look at risk retirement events in front of us, make our best engineering estimates of when those events will be achieved. And then, when we achieve them, we record what we would describe the step-ups that you’ll read about. But the two biggest margin factors are exactly what you talked about, decline in the hot production line and a ramp in the CH-53K. So, for the three-year guide, yes, the contract assets you just saw were specifically what you and I would call accounts receivable back in the day. Just to give you some perspective, in the last 3 weeks of 2021, we collected $6 billion in the last 3 weeks. I mean there were 2 weeks where we were over $2 billion. I’ll tell you, when we talked about our operating cash flow guidance in October, there were several very large domestic and international collection events that we’re absolutely not tracking to collect in 2021. I kind of talked about this in the script. We came together as a cross-functional team and made a number of changes in both our internal approach and in our customer outreach activity. And those changes resulted in us collecting not only all those high-risk invoices, but we were also able to bring in a lot of collections that I absolutely would have thought, no way those collections are going to be collected in 2021, and they were. So to your point about, hey, this must not have come out of ‘22 because you’re maintaining your guidance. I’ll say, so while accelerating the collections from 2022 into 2021 drove the outperformance in the fourth quarter and in 2021, I’m really confident that the process and the focus that we applied in the fourth quarter is repeatable, like every year, ‘22, ‘23, ‘24. And as a result, I’m comfortable that we can still generate the prior guide for ‘22 and ‘23, despite the outperformance.
John Mollard: Yes. Myles, yes, as you mentioned, we’re still in negotiations with the Joint Program Office on Lots 15 to 17. It has proven more difficult than we expected to reach agreement on a cost baseline that incorporates the impacts that we see associated with our customer set ordering fewer aircraft in Lots 15 to 17 than were ordered in the prior buys of 12 to 14. They’re also -- we’re struggling to come to mutual agreement on the impact of global challenges that Lockheed Martin and our supply chain partners are experiencing, such as inflation and COVID-19. I’ll say we’ll continue using a data-driven process for as long as it takes to reach agreement based on what it’s actually going to cost to build these aircraft. So that said, both parties continue good faith negotiations and are diligently working to reach closure because we both recognize the importance of continuing to deliver these critical F-35 capabilities to the services and to our international partners.
John Mollard: Yes. Hey, Noah, to answer your question, the framework we’re looking at for what expenses ought to be capitalized for purposes of this R&D activity, it’s broader than just IR&D but it’s not as broad as the definition that we were using previously. And it is consistent, like I said in the scripted remarks, with the framework we’re using when we calculate the R&D activity we’re doing that merits the R&D tax credit provision. So, it’s historically consistent with that approach.
