Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, Rich. Let me take a shot at both of those, I think. So I think the first part of your two-parter was – and good on you to get a two-parter in, by the way. But your first part was cash from operations, $16 billion, is that considered the restart of Greece and Bahrain and maybe Saudi THAAD, if I caught the question right. So I think the short answer is it includes the effect of all those in our cash from operations outlook. And I think maybe the heart of your question is whether or not there could be some upside. For instance, if THAAD were to happen sooner than maybe we have it planned or not, or if Greece and Bahrain might happen sooner. I think the short answer to that is I wouldn't expect to see a lot of upside improvement, because none of those are on a DCS or direct commercial sale basis. So there is no sort of down payment associated with that. All those will be FMS payments. And at least for the start of those contracts, I would expect most if not all of those to be under progress payments. So, if anything, we've probably got a little cash usage in the near-term associated with winning those new orders as opposed to cash benefit. You talked about 2019. By that time, Rich, the cash should start to turn around, and we would start to expect to see some positive cash come out of those orders, I would expect, during that timeframe. And next I think was the question on F-35 sales and lowering the outlook for this year, and what does that portend for next year. I'm going to give you probably a longer than maybe even necessary response, Rich, to the question because I think that's an important question. I'm glad you asked it upfront there. So I think the very short answer is, no. I don't think that portends anything for 2018 sales for F-35. I think we're looking at about 16% sales growth in F-35 sales in 2017 over 2016. And as I look forward to 2018, there's still another mid-single-digit – or 13% probably to 15% growth range in F-35 sales in 2018. So still very, very significant growth. In fact, if you take a look at the F-35 growth in the quarter, it's up 20% over the third quarter of last year. So that program is growing at pretty good leaps and bounds. And so I think that sort of begs the question so why the lowering of the outlook for F-35? And it's a little bit of a complicated answer, so let me try to get into that. First off, we're not in a steady state on the F-35 program. As I just said, we are growing at a very, very significant rate. And I'll just tell you, it's a lot easier to forecast steady build programs where you're incurring the same costs year-to-year, the same number of deliveries year-to-year. It's much, much harder to forecast when you're either increasing rate or decreasing rate, as we are with the F-35. And at any given calendar year, we probably have at least three LRIPs with significant costs incurred in each of those LRIPs all at the same time. And, more importantly, our suppliers amount of probably 65% or 70% of the total cost in each LRIP. And you should think of that as hundreds of thousands of suppliers – hundreds to thousands, not hundreds of thousands, for each LRIP. And, frankly, we missed the phasing of this supplier cost this year. I think it's important to note that this does not impact the production of aircraft. It's just the timing of when we expected suppliers to incur their cost or bill their cost to us. We're actually not missing the phasing on our internal costs. We are just missing the phasing of our supplier cost. And this doesn't change our overall expectations of cost by LRIP or the profitability by LRIPs, simply the phasing of cost by year. And in a weird kind of way we actually know the at-completion cost for each LRIP probably better than we know when it's going to be phased by year. So, obviously, Rich, we've got to get this dialed in better with our supply chain costs going forward. We think we're going to do that. We think we have the process in place to do that. I will tell you there's a twist coming up this year and probably next year – or 2018 and probably 2019, though, which is the economic order quantity that we expect to start incurring costs on actually this year, and into next year, and 2019, and beyond. We're forecasting it's also going to present a bit of a challenge, because there we're actually buying for three LRIPs simultaneously versus three LRIPs uniquely, like our historical data represents. So not trying to over complicate things, hopefully, for you, Rich, but just to give you an appreciation for why we don't think that's a long-term issue with the F-35. It doesn't change the economics of the F-35 program. We simply missed the phasing in 2017 of our supplier cost.
Bruce L. Tanner: Let me correct you a little bit, Rich (sic) [Rob]. You should think of almost all the F-35 as fixed price incentive, firm contracts, not cost plus, but they're all recognized under a POC cost-to-cost if that might have been your question, method of sales recognition, versus a delivery based.
Bruce L. Tanner: So most of it is coming from 2017, Rob. I'll say, with the improved performance that we've seen this year, I think, we're up, what, $500 million or so this year over what we initially guided towards. So when we came out with that guidance at the beginning of the year, I think, there was always some confusion, at least as I met with investors and talked to some of the analysts myself, as to was our cash going to sort of fall off the face of the earth when we started making some fairly large pension contributions. And there, I'm pleased to say that even with those, we still think we can stay at the $5 billion plus level in the years 2018 and 2019. So most of the change occurred in the upper first 2017 performance but I did want to give the indication that still strong cash performance, especially if you consider sort of pre-pension cash flow, our numbers are increasing every year, 2017, 2018, all the way through2019.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So I know it's a lot of moving parts and probably a lot of confusion, Peter, because we're basing our sales growth next year based on restated 2017 numbers where we've not given and you haven't seen that laid out by business area. So it's a little bit of explaining something kind of on faith at this point in time, frankly, because you don't have the data in front of you. We'll obviously provide some restated 2017 performance based under the new revenue recognition when we present our data in the January timeframe. But given that, what we're looking at is Arrow's probably going to be up in, I would think, high single-digits sales next year. And obviously most of that is driven by the F-35 program. That's helping to offset both lower F-35 development costs. Although the F-35 development program continues, it's dropping probably a $0.25 billion year-over-year. So that's a pretty good headwind for us. And, as you said, obviously, we've got the lower C-5. What you didn't mention is we've also got next year zero F-16 deliveries. We've just got to start on hopefully the Bahrain aircraft there, but actually lower F-16 volume next year for production aircraft than we have in 2017. Missiles and Fire Control, I'll say, has slight growth over 2017. Again, these are all relative to sort of the restated 2017 numbers under the new revenue recognition, but you should think of that as sort of low-single-digit growth. And I think where that may be a little surprising is given all the discussion we've had about the potential THAAD awards, especially with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and others, really that work is not planned in our outlook to start until the middle of next year. And that's a pretty slow build-up of costs relative to our supply chain on the THAAD program. So even though the numbers are very, very large, they really don't amount to just a huge amount of sales growth in 2018 versus 2017. RMS next year is about comparable probably as our current outlook for 2017 where we have LCS volume, including, by the way, the LCS ships for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which is the only program of the ones that were announced where we've actually received some funding and we're starting to do some design work and so forth on the LCS variants for use in that ship by the KSA. And that's helping to offset really lower Black Hawk aircraft deliveries and volume therefore for next year as we talked about in our prepared remarks. And, lastly, Space Systems is probably down mid-single-digits. You should think of that as sort of the continuing trend of lower government satellite volume both for SBIRS and Advanced EHF. And, again, this is sort of the good news/bad news story where we have the same quantity of satellites that we're producing, because we're now in the fifth and six variants – or fifth and six quant number of SBIRS and Advanced EHF, we're making each one of them for less than the previous satellite. So, while the quantities stay the same, the pricing is coming down, and that's a good thing for us, by the way. And then that's – so that's a big piece of it. The other piece of it is literally there's very, very little commercial satellite volume or much, much lower commercial satellite volume in 2018 compared to 2017 as we wrap up two satellites that we'll deliver out in the early stages of 2018. So that's kind of the around-the-horn pieces, Peter, of what's driving the sales volume that I talked about in total at the corporation level.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Noah, look, I think your math is actually pretty close to what I'm looking at. I think the one piece you didn't mention in all of that, and I don't know what you have in your model and I don't know what the other folks have in their models, but I'd be surprised if you have a FAS/CAS outlook of $860 million for next year. That's actually a little bit lower than this year. We incorporated the 25 basis point reduction that we saw through the end of the first three quarters in the numbers. I'm personally hopeful that we have an uptick in interest rates between now and the end of the year and maybe that goes away. But as we sit here right now, that's down considerably from at least what we were expecting the FAS/CAS to look like in 2018 compared to the $860 million. So that's a pretty good chunk I think of the difference from sort of the EPS numbers you were mentioning there. I think the absolute segment profit and the operating profit numbers you were talking about are probably pretty close to what we're expecting to see.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So I think, Rob, we do typically sort of three-ish year plans. And if you take a look here, which you can't, but if you look beyond 2018 into 2019 and 2020, we're probably in the 4.5%, 5% CAGR level for each of those two years over the 2018 numbers. So I think that's where, you know, some of that at least growth occurs. But some of the opportunities within the $104 billion and some of the opportunities that aren't in the $104 billion, such as the $15 billion of KSA – I'm sorry, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia order for the THAAD program, for instance, that Marillyn referenced in her remarks, even when that gets in backlog, that's a long cycle program, so it will take a while. Even though we're recording that on a cost-to-cost basis, it's still a long duration, long cycle program. So that was the point we were trying to make the comments about. This does really, really well position us for future growth for a long, sustained period of time. It just doesn't happen overnight, and especially if you will allow me to call 2018 overnight. And the other prospect that we've got long-term sustained growth for is the 53K, and it's got one of the slowest starts on a program that large that I have ever seen. I mean, we're literally talking two aircraft in the LRIP 1 contract. I think it grows to four in the next one. I mean, it's a very, very, very slow growth rate. So that's one we'd love to get some higher growth coming out of there. But that's the reason why I think, Rob, it looks a little like maybe compared to what you were expecting in 2018. I think it starts to pick up probably to where your expectations are much more in 2019 and 2020.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. I can give a shot at that, Jason. Again, this is all a little bit maybe taken on faith, since this is new revenue recognition when year heads and all of their modeling is based on the old revenue recognitions. But this will be how we come out with numbers in January of next year. So, maybe just starting with the same order as I did I think earlier going around the horn. I think for Aeronautics, you should expect our ROS probably in the upper 10% range, probably pretty comparable to this year. I'm very happy to say that the F-35 program we're expecting to be greater than 10% our overall program margin in 2018. And that's helping to offset really lower C-5 and primarily F-16 earnings, which led to margin growth due to higher risk retirements in 2017. But upper 10s is probably a good spot, frankly, for Aeronautics. And about what we've been saying for a number of years is that when we saw the F-35 program start to get to double-digit, we'd start to see Aeronautics get back to closer to where it was margin wise a few years ago. So we're sort of right at that cusp here. For Missiles and Fire Control, probably about – you should think of about a mid-teens sort of ROS, maybe slightly below the 2017 level. And I think that's an interesting one, because I don't think it's easily understood just how many new wins we have, in fact, won out of our Missile and Fire Control business. I mean, if I just go around the horn, Marillyn mentioned the Long Range Stand Off, sort of, the next-generation nuclear cruise missile. We also won the F-15 IRST. We won a large classified contract. We won the SOF GLSS we talked about. We won the ARTS – I believe it's ARTS 2D (sic) [ARTS-V2], which is sort of a radar threat emitter contract. I mean, these are all substantive starts, new starts for us. I mean, just to give you some idea there. We're in the process of hiring 1,000 engineers for these new programs that we won in 2017. So that's great from a long-term prospect for us, but it sort of hurts the margin in the near-term. And that's what keeps us sort of at the level that I just talked about. RMS, if you look at the EBIT or the ROS for next year, probably slightly higher than 2017. I'd say maybe in the mid-7%, maybe a little higher than that range in 2018. And then for Space Systems, I think, it's slightly higher than 2017. And that's primarily because we have less commercial satellite volume in 2018 than we did in 2017. And that's essentially at a zero margin business. So, as I said earlier, we've got two satellites that should deliver in the early to mid-part of 2018, so there's just simply less cost volume at that lower margin rate in 2018 than 2017, which helps the 2018 margin. And, importantly, I think, just to mention ULA, the equity earnings are pretty comparable between 2017 and 2018. I know I just gave you a lot, Jason. Hopefully that answers your question and makes sense to you.
Bruce L. Tanner: Actually, Seth, I think you pretty much nailed it. I think you've got the right numbers in your head and that's sort of the way I think about it as well. I don't think I've got a whole lot to add other than what you said.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. And, honestly, we weren't trying to indicate that. I think if you look at the chart in the web charts that we provided it said greater than $16.2 billion. And we tried to indicate that included $6.2 billion in 2017 and at least $5 billion each in 2018 and 2019. So we weren't trying to guide to a lower than $5 billion number in 2019.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Rajeev, first off, welcome to the call. Nice to have you on board. Look, we've looked at pension a lot of ways. I mean, we're already funded in advance of what the requirements of our pension plan to the tune of about $7 billion, almost $8 billion or so. We are well ahead of the game in terms of pension funding. I mean, we look at that constantly. And I'll tell you I know I've said this when I've talked to investors in various conferences and so forth. If in fact tax reform is initiated, we will clearly look at potentially accelerating our pension contributions, even if it requires taking out some debt to do so, simply because at the numbers we're talking about, let's just for argument's sake say it is actually a 20% statutory corporate tax rate versus 35%. That equates to real money when you get the benefit of the 35% deduction on your pension contributions versus a 20%. So we would clearly want to accelerate some in that regard if, in fact, tax reform happens. Short of that, I mean, unless there's maybe some – we have a couple of fairly significant collections associated with some international contracts right on the cusp of this year, 2017, that could slip into 2018. Depending on the timing of when those things happen, whether it's late December or slips into next year, if all of them happen and we get hit on the head with horseshoes in 2017, we might actually make a – try to get a dent in our pension contributions this year, which, of course, would lower our pension contributions next year sort of dollar for dollar. But that's sort of the only thing we're thinking about as we sit here today. But in any event, still, I would expect to achieve the $6.2 billion of cash from operations this year. If anything, on top of that, we might actually look at that as an opportunity to bring down or draw down the pension contribution, that $1.6 billion in 2018.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So we talked about, Sam, the pension contributions. We've teed up $1.6 million this year. We've said it's $3.3 billion over 2018 and 2019, which would imply a $1.7 billion required contribution in 2019. So that is increasing a little bit there. I'll tell you I don't like as a daily course to provide three-year guidance on much of anything. So we want to make sure when we talk those numbers, those are something that we can actually achieve. So I hope there's opportunity to do better than that. If you looked at the last three-year goal we did better than what we came out with in the early, what was it, 2014 timeframe. We've just got to make that happen. And we'll see what's going on in that regard for the next couple of years. We do have a little bit of higher capital expenditures over the next couple of years, which – I don't know if that's something you'd be considering, but probably $100 million to $150 million, maybe $200 million at its peak higher than this year. And you should think of a lot of that as some of the new business wins we've just had at Missiles and Fire Control that I'd talked about requires some capital improvements and some additional facilities and equipment there. And you may have seen that we're also building a fairly large facility out of our Space Systems company in Denver to accommodate greater capacity and greater sized satellites going forward, because we think that's where the market is headed. So sort of those higher pension a little bit, more than in 2018, and maybe a little bit of CapEx is some of the headwind that we're seeing. But other than that, I think it should sort of follow suit, as you said.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well, I would just say that, on GBSD, we thought we had a very strong offering and we still believe we had a strong offering. So in terms of any lessons learned from that, we always reflect on why we lost a program. We always go through lessons learned process, but I don't think there's anything specifically that I would pass on to you at this point.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Yes. I mean, I think we still have a chance to participate in other elements of that program going forward. So we're still hopeful in that regard. We have a lot of capability to bring to our customer.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thanks for the question, Doug. I guess the first thing I would say is that we have a number of programs that are programs of record that are well supported in both the House and the Senate's bills. So if you look at that and you look at where we are, our programs today – as Bruce was talking about, our long-cycle programs that are already under contract that we're working through. So even with the CR, we're not going to see any immediate impact. What it affects is if it extends into next year and I'm actually feeling pretty optimistic that it's not going to do that. I think when I look at where the bipartisan support for defense and the move to try to get through this budget so they can move on to tax reform and other things, I feel pretty good about that. In terms of – you look at our portfolio, I mean, when we are – last year, about 27% of our portfolio was international. We're growing to over 30%. That's also another element that you have to take into account. We are not totally reliant on the U.S. government budget for our growth going forward. And then as I just think about where the – if you look at the programs that are supported in the current budget bills from both the House and the Senate, we are really well supported on virtually across our portfolio. So I'm very happy with our portfolio. We're continuing to win business. You heard Bruce and I talk about several things that we've just won in the past quarter and, of course, the F-35 continues to grow and be well supported. So I'm pretty – I feel pretty bullish about our portfolio and where we're going. Even if we were to face additional budget caps, we know for the long term that's something that we've been a strong voice on the hill about – of trying to get our lawmakers to address the budget caps. And they are all – everyone I speak to understands that and they're focused on it. I think we're going to have a chance to do that. The time is now. So hopefully that answers your question, Doug.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thank you again for joining us on the call today. I want to end by reiterating that the corporation had another solid quarter. And with our strong portfolio and robust backlog, we continue to be well-positioned to deliver substantial value to our customers and to our stockholders. John, that concludes our call today. Thank you.
