Bruce Tanner: Sure. I will start and if Marillyn has something to add to this, she will surely do so. So this was a fairly good sized international program. One of our sort of commanding control entrance that we are selling internationally, this was a pretty complex system that we were developing under Iran and as we got into the actual integration of this system in country that turned out to be more complicated than we originally anticipated. We think the charge that we took in the first quarter has this effort, I will say sized appropriately for the remaining work to be done. But I think importantly, we also think that there is a greater market potential for this product once it’s installed and it’s showing its capabilities. So we are optimistic there is a chance for future profitable sales with this impact or with this product going forward. I think the good news in the quarter with an IS&GS is there – if there were a number of performance improvements in the rest of the portfolio, so the way I kind of think about it is we have one issue, one fairly large issue on a large program that was offset by a sort of a number of improvements across the rest of the portfolio or maybe said it differently, but for that IS&GS, we have had a very strong quarter except for that one contracts.
Bruce Tanner: Rob, I don’t think that we have consciously tried to bake either conservatism or optimism in there. We always start every year by saying that or at least I think I do by saying that we think we have the potential as we go throughout the year to have similar levels of risk retirements and profit pickups through the year as we had in prior years. This issue that it is on the international program and IS&GS is the thing that sort of proves that that’s it can sometimes go both ways there. So these are not just given, this is not just conservatism as we go throughout the rest of the year. As we look forward, I think the timing of risk events – there tend to be the back end has a few less events than we have had in the first part of the year. We also had in particular, with the Space Systems for instance, significantly higher weighted ULA equity earnings in the first quarter as compared to the whole year. I want to say, if you look at on a percentage basis, probably 45% of the equity earnings for Space Systems occurred in the first quarter and the remaining 55% or so will be spread over the next three quarters. So it’s just a lot of facing. We did have a couple of – within the business areas a couple of sort of contractual or administrative settlements that happened in the first quarter that we are not expecting to materialize in the next three quarters as we sit here today.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So, Cai, I will take that one on. I think probably the biggest reason is we have got two things going on there. One, we have a pretty good size ramp obviously on the F-35 program in total as compared to the rest even with the delivery increases that you talked about. So, you have the F-35 dilution effect occurring there. I think what maybe lost a little bit in your question there is C-5 deliveries are expected to increase fairly significantly over the first quarter just in terms of quantities and that’s another program that has a lower margin than the overall aeronautics program in general. And I think the combination of those two is what we are seeing right now offsetting the higher margin we had in the first quarter. But having said that, I still think we are going to end the year at 11% or more and I do think there are – there is potential that we can do a little better than that of some of the risk retirements break a little early for us or come a little larger than we have in our current outlook.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So, a couple of things, I think if you just look at the first quarter, Ron, we have a historically low AR at the end of the year is sort of the payment offices clean up everything, if you will, on their docket, if you will. A lot of it has to do even with the timing of when we closed the first quarter. So, I think historically, you actually do see that we usually have a spike in our accounts receivable in the first quarter, because of those two phenomenon. Inventory is growing a little bit. And in part, that’s one of the elements I was trying to describe in my prepared remarks that talk about some of the contractual resolutions are contractual finalizations that we are expecting in the second half of the year. We expect to have some collections associated with those as things like our billing arrangements get finalized and the performance-based payments terms get finalized. And so we would expect to have some reduction in our inventory account going forward. At the end of the day, Ron, I think our – the spike we see in working capital in general for all elements of working capital, not just AR and inventory, we expect that, that will probably come down over the next three quarters of the year and probably end the year, not too differently than where we started the year or ended the year 2014.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, good questions, Noah. So, I think the average interest rate for the – because we did it in three tranches of varying sizes, but the average interest rate is about 3.5%. So, I think to your question – your first question, I think we are just taking the 3.5% with the last 10.5 months or 9.5 months whatever it is of exposure on the debt. And that is what the interest calculation is for this year. Going forward, we did talk to you, I think on the last – not on the last call because I’d have the intra-quarter to your point, but I think in the disclosure we did for that we described that we would potentially look at taking out some near-term debt maturities that mature in 2016. We actually have sort of two tranches that happened in 2016. They worth a little less than $1 billion combined and so we would expect that and those are – one of those at least, as a fairly good sized interest has pretty – a fairly good sized interest coupon on the debt. So we would expect interest to mitigate some in 2016 as we take out that roughly $1 billion of debt with the proceeds. And then the rest of it is strictly general purpose Noah. And as I try to tee up in the earlier remarks, I do think that we could use the potential for that for additional share repurchases throughout the rest of this year and moving into 2016.
Bruce Tanner: And so Doug let me try to give you a little color to that. So the international content and IS&GS is growing not leaps and bounds, but it’s growing from a fairly small beginning, I will say toward now I am just thinking of top of my head is probably in the maybe 10%, maybe a little less than that, something like 7% or 10% or so of the sales of IS&GS maybe a little less than that even is what our international content is. But think of that as much higher than it was say 3 years or 4 years ago, so that part of the business is growing. Almost all thinking that there is an exception to that, but I will say almost all the international work that we are doing, not just in IS&GS, but around the whole company is in fact from fixed price efforts, so there is both upside and downside risk associated with doing that which I think a lot of this is sort of doing IT work for us, that’s what we are doing in Australia is not dissimilar than what we are doing with the Pentagon here in the United States, sort of aggregating a lot of the systems and making those systems, doing upgrades, making those systems perform better and doing the overall system development work for all the IT services for – in this case, the Ministry of Defense or Department of Defense in Australia. We do a lot of cyber work internationally. We are getting – that’s a growing portion of the business as the next one that we are very happy to work. I think our reputation is spreading sort of across the globe as we do work for individual countries and in some cases, individual firms within those countries that sort of gets word-of-mouth sales that happen elsewhere. We also do internationally within IS&GS, a lot of airport management or air traffic management type activities, so the things that we do with our FAA business in the United States, think of that is doing it elsewhere, but also a lot of – sort of productivity sorts of things from an airport perspective internationally. So that’s probably the three big pieces. Well, I should say there is also a little bit of Intel piece, similar – not dissimilar again to what we do with our Intel customers in the United States. So probably those four pieces Doug you should think of us what we are doing internationally within IS&GS and that portion is growing pretty significantly for us from again a fairly modest start a few years ago to where it is today.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. It’s - I don’t know but it is the largest, Carter. But it's one of the largest that we have, one of probably a couple of that – for that size. And I was looking at some data here, I think the actual number is slightly less than 10% for IS&GS, a little more specificity than I gave Doug on the previous question.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So probably I want to correct something, I think I heard that you say we weren’t talking about development program increases, we were talking about production improvement.
Bruce Tanner: So what you saw in the first quarter and what we disclosed in earnings release was one of those risk retirements that we were expecting to happen, that’s actually probably one of the larger ones that will happen throughout the rest of the year at least this planning wise, that’s one of the reasons why the margins in the first quarter were in fact higher than what we expect for the rest of the year. So I think that’s tracking to what I said earlier and what I had talked about the potential 100 basis point improvement in the production program year-over-year from ‘14 to ’15, I still think is doable and on track as we sit here today. C-5, we talked about that program in the past about the potential for a step up over time. I still think that’s the path that we are looking at doing in the latter part of the year. And again as you alluded to and I will make the comment, none of those considers the potential for some entitlement actions that we have relative to the over and above work that would be separate and distinct from this. This is just sort of recognizing that we are doing a better job of sort of turning out the aircraft in the short-term cycles and the like that are resulting in better performance on that contract for us.
Bruce Tanner: Yes, so good question, Myles, you should think of Space Systems as having a couple of risk retirements that happened in the first quarter. One of them was associated with the Orion vehicle. This was actually associated with the launch we did last year as we sort of finalized the results of that in the first quarter of this year. We kind of trued up our booking position if you will for that event and that resulted in a step up associated with that event that will not repeat itself obviously in the next three quarters. We also had some – a couple of one-offs in the quarter for things like some reliability incentives that we had at least one of the contracts within Space Systems, if not another one. And that just happened to fall in the first quarter, if you will. So, we have got a pretty good increase associated with that reliability incentives and that also reflected part of the effort this quarter that won’t happen going forward. I will also remind you that as you said the latter three quarters of the year we have the ULA totally different profile than what we have had last quarter. And again as I made comments earlier much lower equity earnings going forward as compared to the first quarter. I will also remind you though that we do have what’s left as sort of the restructuring costs that are not – that have not been taken, but are reflected in our operating performance and those will continue to happen in the next three quarters without the benefit of the step-ups that we took in the first quarter. So, combined I know there is a lot of moving pieces I just gave you there, but combined is that’s why we look at the margins doing what they do in the next three quarters for Space Systems. What I will say though is Space Systems is performing very, very well right now. And so I look at that and say there is the potential for opportunity as we go forward every year we do have opportunity and we are performing very, very well on our government contracts and Space Systems. There is a lot of incentive-based contracts there, where if we do well we obviously get the margins associated with that, but the government gets flipside of those incentive contracts as well. And so we are performing very well there. And I think we have some potential to do even better going forward.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. So, Rob, maybe I will just give you – I thought that there might be a question on orders, so maybe I will just give you sort of a little bit of a full overview of where we sit from orders perspective. Sort of it, it has been our history at least the last few years, we are going to be significantly back-end weighted in our orders for the year. And as we sit here today, it wouldn’t surprise me if there is probably 65% or so of the orders that we are expecting to have for the year will actually materialize in the second half of the year. And you should think about – we have got quite a few big ticket items to sort of keep your eye on, so we have got the bomber awards some time in the summer of this year. We have got finalization of the C-130J multiyear. We have got the next production lot, Lot 9 of the F-35 program occurring. And with that – and it’s just a lot of contracts, but they add up to a lot of dollars individually – or collectively, they add up to a lot of dollars, just a whole lot the various F-35 sustainment contracts and long lead contracts for future LRIPs. And you combine that with a lot of the international orders we are looking at for THAAD and PAC-3, for instance and you see there is some pretty big chunky sized orders coming in the next three months, but more weighted with second half of the year. I didn’t mention JLTV, but that’s obviously another critical strategic win. So, the big strategic items we are looking for from a competitive perspective this year are the bomber award and JLTV. To your specific question on IS&GS, I think we are going to – last year, we actually grew backlog in IS&GS which was the first time we have done that for a while. As we look forward, I think the IS&GS orders are probably sequentially going to grow and get close to the sales value, but probably not as much as the sales for the year, so we will probably have some reduction in our backlog in IS&GS as we close the year. In part because we did recall, we did get so many orders in 2014 that were sort of multi-year orders that won’t be replicated, if you will in 2015. Just – and maybe one last comment, we still think as we sit here today and we said this for a couple of years in a row, we do think we are on a track to get back similar to where we started at the end of last year about $80 plus million level for total backlog for the corporation.
Bruce Tanner: Yes. Of course, we will try to hit all of those for you Sam. So overall margins, I think we had a bit of a spike, probably not unlike what we did last year, frankly as the corporation, I think we came down from a pretty high first quarter and we dropped the next 3 quarters. A lot of that’s just the phasing and timing of when we get some of our awards and some of our incentives on our contracts across all of the business areas. So I would expect margins would be probably lower over the next three quarters. I think the second and third quarters will probably be similar to each other whereas the fourth we could have a little bit higher margin. So thinking of the second and third, probably running in the low-11s and maybe as we sit here today, with the timing of our risk retirements, the fourth quarter could actually be in sort of the high-11s going forward, that’s sort of how we see it as we sit here today. And again, as I said on an earlier comment, if we pull some of those to the left or do them or do higher adjustments than we had in our plan, obviously we could get better than that or worse than that. So repo, second part of your question, the repo activity, we did $600 million in the first quarter. We would expect to do more in the second quarter. If I was to predict, I would say it’s going to be maybe not twice as much as we did in the first quarter, but it wouldn’t surprise me if we did as much as $1 billion or so in the second quarter and then I think we will trail off maybe a little bit in the third and fourth, that’s as we sit here today. And a lot of that’s based on sort of the cash that was available on the balance sheet in the first quarter versus what we have got after the debt issuance in February that enables us to do that, that sort of enhanced repos for the rest of the year. There are about 900,000 options that were exercised in the first quarter. We started the year with about a little more than 6 million options outstanding. As I said earlier in the prepared remarks, we were expecting options actually to have a higher level of exercising than we experienced in the first quarter. So we are watching that closely and last year, I think we did 3.7 million or 3.4 million shares, that’s we are kind of expecting in our guidance right now about 3 million for the year, so that will be the toggle switch as to whether or not we do higher or lower than that. The last thing I will say on that, on the option exercise is you asked the question about would we expect to see sort of a step function decrease. And I think the answer is yes to that. Sam as soon as the options have been exercised, there are no options replenishing those if you will, so this is a diminishing number in our dilution equation that once those 5 million options are left or exercised, they will not be replicated by a like number of options going forward. So in the way, I usually like to describe it as every single dollar of share repurchase spent once we are at that point, where we no longer have options we will have a greater chance of actually reducing the share count of the corporation.
Marillyn Hewson: I don’t have anything more to add other than just to say that the contract size is less than $500 million, so just to keep it in perspective.
Marillyn Hewson: So, first of all, I mean in terms of the budget itself, you are right, the President base budget is significantly above the Budget Control Act sequestration budget caps that were out there. And but just to remind you, those limits still remain in place from FY ‘16 and beyond. So it’s important that Congress address that as they move forward and they took a stab at it with these solutions by increasing the OCO in order to fund some additional spending, but until they do some statutory change, that really doesn’t change the sequestration that’s out there. So we really need the President to consent to these – to the OCO offers that they have and he wants an increase in both defense and domestic spending cuts I mean cap, so we know that’s the case. However, back to your question about what it means for us, certainly F-35 and C-130Js are important. In fact, if you looked at what’s comes through on the unfunded priorities list, there are six F-35Bs on that list coming in from the Marine Corps and another eight F-35s or Cs for the Navy that are on the unfunded priorities list. So to the extent that additional funding is found that’s important. Moreover on the C-130, there are another 13 aircraft there and the KC-130J have another two aircraft. And then there is a number of other items that have additional funding that are in our portfolio as we go forward. I would just say that in terms of long cycle versus short cycle business, it’s you hit right on, I mean building an aircraft, doing a long lead funding and going through the production process, we are well over 3 years on our aircraft and when they are in development even longer than that with the F-35. And so as we get things lined up, it’s as we get funded for these then that business there is just a long cycle business that will be in our portfolio, will be in our backlog and that’s important. A lot of things also are related to what happens with our troops and what’s going on in the various conflicts around the world and so we will just have to watch how that transpires as well as to what kind of funding that Congress and the DoD in order to address those continuing threats.
Marillyn Hewson: Great question. Thank you for that question. We are challenged with that regularly because it is the largest program with the Department of Defense and it’s a complex development program, so it’s challenging in that sense. And every year as you know the GAO comes out with their annual report. There is an OT&E report that comes out annually to Congress. There are a myriad of reports that are required just given the size of the program, so we take every one of those reports into account. We read them all. They are not always exactly right and I think that’s just the facts of the matter. What we try to do is stay focused on performance because that’s the first and foremost thing that we can do to continue to keep this program on track. I will say from a status standpoint, if you look back at some of the technical challenges we had early on, we have solved the landing hook. We solved the helmet issues. The software programs are going well. So from that perspective, the program is maturing. The development program that we are moving through, we are 65% complete on that. And we're going to continue to ramp up the production. Manufacturing is going well. Last year, we delivered 36 aircraft from 2014 and this year we are going to deliver about 45, so you can see it ramping up. We are going to – as I mentioned earlier, the initial operating capability, IOC for the Marine Corps, is going to be happening this summer and you have heard from the Marine Corps that they are confident. We are also confident that they will meet their IOC. And so from that perspective, I think the key is to not react to every media write-up is going to say it’s largest program and it will reflect back on initial stages of the program, but if you look at – since we rebaselined the program in 2010, we have been on track with our cost and our schedule performance. We have rolled out a blueprint for affordability jointly with the U.S. government that is driving cost down. And by the time we move into full rate production, the cost of the F-35 will be comparable or lower than a fourth generation fighter with much more capabilities. So, I would just encourage you to continue to watch us track through the ramp up of the production, the things we are doing to drive the cost down and as we continue to move through the flight test program. And as each of these services declared their initial operating capability and as we continue to rollout more and more capability to the aircraft, I think that our nation and our allies are going to be very proud to have the requirements, the national security requirements capabilities that this aircraft will provide for many decades to come.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, sure. I would just start by saying that it continues to be an expanding demand for missile defense in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East for our products, along the lines of the THAAD, Aegis, Aegis Assure, Patriot, and potentially MEADS as well. As we look at, for example, MEADS, I know there was an announcement today about Raytheon winning the opportunity in Poland, but we have bought Patriot or PAC-3 is part of that system – that Patriot system. So, it’s an opportunity there for us as well, but we still have an opportunity in Poland that meets international and selected to participate in technical dialogue on a short range air and missile defense system called Narew in Poland and we expect to continue to be in that dialogue. And that’s one that the MEADS system is the only one that offers the capability, network and integrate on a variety of air missile defense system elements, including things that are developed in Poland, their sensors, their command and control, etcetera. And in Germany in the midst of their evaluation to make their decision on their air and missile defense system and as you know, they have invested a fair amount into the MEADS system along with Italy and the U.S. And so we expect to participate in that opportunity and we hope that they will select, meet as they move forward on their selection. Around the world though, I think there continues to be a very strong demand as you look at Aegis continues to be a demand for Aegis. Aegis Assure we stood up or are in the midst of standing up our Aegis Assure in Romania, we have another in Poland. And so that opportunity in the European theater is also important. There are discussions with – there is South Korea on both PAC-3 and ultimately on THAAD, interest in the Middle East by a number of countries on PAC-3 and THAAD. So, I think that you are going to continue to see – continue demand for our portfolio that we have a very strong set of products and capabilities in that arena that’s going to continue to have a demand.
Marillyn Hewson: My answer to that would be yes, absolutely. I mean our backlog today is $20 billion in international backlog at the end of 2014 and that’s a significant backlog for us. The quality and maturity of the portfolio and that we are selling around the world is going to continue to have a demand. And as you probably know what we talked about and I think I even said it in my remarks, over half of the orders on the F-35 are going to be the international customers in the next 5 years. So that program alone is going to continue to grow. Earlier in my comments about missile defense, continued strong demand from missile defense. And we expect countries, besides the countries that are program of record on the F-35 there are going to be others that are going to need to retire their fourth generation aircraft, so we expect other countries to want to procure the F-35. Airlift C-130s and 72 countries and the Js is going to continue to be in demand as some of those countries upgrade their airlift capability to the J. So I would say that we are going to continue to be on a path to get to 25% over the next few years and at the same time as budgets recover and defense will continue to sell within the U.S. So I think both elements of our portfolio will continue to rise. But I do expect just given the backlog and given the opportunities that we have on the international front that we will achieve the 25%.
Marillyn Hewson: Sure. I will be happy to. I mean, it is an important area for us as a company. For the past 20 years consecutively, we have been the largest IT provider for the U.S. government and working for all of the cabinet agencies on a range of IT as well as cyber security. I like the portfolio that we have around cyber security. We have a multi-decade track record with encryption, with data security solutions. And we centralized all of our cyber security in the IS&GS organization. And so and our go-to-market strategy both within the U.S. government as well as commercial, that’s where we are moving forward. We see incremental growth there and we rolled out and even internationally, as Bruce commented earlier, we have a cyber security intelligence center in Farnborough in the UK. We have another one in Canberra, Australia. We have our own here in the U.S. So, it is absolutely an important growth area for us. And I think what’s key to us is that we have been doing cyber security long before they ever coined the term cyber security. So, it’s a very important growth area for us and one that we expect to continue to excel in.
Marillyn Hewson: Well, let me just conclude today, I just want to reiterate that the corporation has had another solid quarter and it’s well positioned to deliver even higher value to customers and stockholders in 2015. The ongoing execution of our employees coupled with our growing cash generation, our strong backlog of work and a solid balance sheet will continue to prevail our corporation forward in 2015 and beyond. So, thanks again for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you in the next earnings call in July. Karen, that concludes our call today.
