Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, Joe.Joseph Nadol – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Marillyn, I actually had a question for you on the extensive comments you gave on the non-defense portion of your business, which is small. But it seems like you’re targeting quite a bit for growth, and really just from two angles, one because as you know this has been a tough thing for defense companies to doing the path to diversify during a downturn. So the two questions are, one, in your approach to the market, how are you orient in the company to really to impact commercial markets, which is really a bit of difficult thing for companies to do? And I just mean the difference in the customer base relative to the government did some I guess comments there will be good. And then secondly from a risk standpoint, what kind of capital are you putting at risk and how are you considering that going forward? Thanks.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. So let me try to address both those questions, Rob. So why profit and cash are not necessarily impacted or why we didn’t change the guidance for those two elements. First is we did do for sales. You know a lot of it is because of the first quarter quite honestly and obviously we were higher in the first quarter for sales as well but we had good results, pretty much across the board. All five business areas are planned for them in terms of both sales and operating profit. I think as we look forward for the next three quarters, we do expect to see some pressures for the reasons that I described from sequestration. As I said earlier that not played out at this point. But we do expect them to happen in the next three quarters. As we look out for the planned risk retirements and what we’ve accomplished in the first quarter, we think those are stronger as we said here today but maybe we thought that be at the start of this year and that’s the reason, we didn’t change the profit guidance. Cash flow, obviously, $2.1 billion in the first quarter, very strong, stronger than we had expected honestly and that’s the other reason why we think that’s going to carry after the rest of this year as well, that’s the reason we didn’t come down off of our cash as well. I think your second question was, so how much of the FY13 carries over in for next year? I made the comment, Rob that the sales we got from our backlog at the end of 2012 was about 77%. So think of that is new, see the FY, our calendar year 2013 sales originating 77% of which come from the 2012 backlog, that’s not an unusual pattern for us at all. I’ll say next year, we would expect it to look very similar to that. So you should think of that as probably 25-ish may be a little less than that percent of our sales in 2014, will need to come from orders received in 2014 and manifested into sales in 2014. So that pattern as I look back over time has been a fairly consistent one, not at all unusual for what we’re experiencing in 2013.
Bruce L. Tanner: Hi, Doug.Doug S. Harned – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I’d like to understand how you’re thinking about the longer-term top-line outlook, because on one hand if I look at the backlog so to say played out in this quarter, it means, as I look at it, IS and GS appear to the most worried sum in that, obviously you could get it by sequestration. When you talk about contraction, it’s in the budget. It sounds like you are looking at a shrinkage overall in your top-line and if I pair that up against the new ventures you’re talking about going into, I mean I know that OTEC and the reverse osmosis purification program, this were going on 15 years ago. Are you looking at reading those forward more as a substitute for a contraction in the defense revenues? So, if something happen technologically that’s caused us to lead forward and become a more prominent effort.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, Jason, good question. Let me try, I’ll answer both and see if Marillyn wants to add anything to what I would come up with. So on the adjacencies how big, you should think of this being fairly small, may be literally as below 5% of our overall sales right now, we’re hoping to grow that some going forward, the biggest elements we’ve got right now are in our energy business as well as our cyber security business, and those are two that we’ve talked about fairly consistently on the calls. You should think of those as again being tough, I’ll say low single digits percent of the overall sales in the corporation not into growth those going forward. The products that Marillyn described in her prepared remarks, will just add to that but not significantly I’ll say over the next five-year period of time. We are just really trying to convey the message that we like to think and we do difficult in all these projects that we are talking about have difficult in their middle name if nothing else, and we think we are riding our capabilities and the innovative capabilities of our workforce with products or with problems that need to be solved on a big scale and that’s what we are trying to see it for you. As far as the cadence for the cash, I’m glad you asked that and I hoping to work that at some point of conversation anyway, so obviously we are not going to do $2 billion a quarter when we are out looking $4 billion for the year. You should think we had no pension contributions and a tax refund in the first quarter of this year. We should be – over the next three quarters we should have pension payments in the second quarter and third quarter. We’ll actually had two tax payments just the way the calendar lines up in the second quarter and then the tax payments in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So what you should see especially in the second quarter is we will have cash flow down considerably, I mean probably to the point of on a free cash flow basis slightly better than positive we’re hoping but down its pretty significantly. And then I would expect it to grow up to the $800 million, $900 million in the last two quarters or so is what the expectation as we said here. You’ve asked about the payment cycle and so forth. And I’ll tell you, we’ve and I think the industry in large are seeing actually pretty good performance out of payment officers where we get the most the bulk of our collections from our customer. They’ve been paying typically quicker than sort of the statutory rates that have been paid in the past. What I am watching for going forward in particular, Jason is the effects of workforce furloughs on the part of the U.S. government and particularly is that affects our paying officers. And so you can imagine a scenario where people will be furlough, I think the current pick in the government is one day for 14 weeks in the months ahead. And the question is so, is everyone paying contractors sufficient in four days as they are in five, I got to believe that’s not going to be the case. I will say though that’s expected to be an impact in the fiscal year and not necessary for the calendar year, because obviously the fiscal year went in September and we would expect that the next calendar not to had those sorts of furloughs of leases we said here today.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, I’ll try that one Rich. So I think your math is right. It was a 0.6 book-to-bill. Actually as we look at the first quarter orders, we actually did better than we expected to do, pretty much across the board for orders for all our business areas. And in particular, I will say, I think that is one of the reasons why some of our short cycle businesses like IS & GS and sort of the services component of MST actually faired better in sales in the first quarter because we did actually receive slightly higher orders in the quarter than we’d expected to. Going forward, I think second quarter is going to be the lowest quarter from a backlog perspective of the year and then we would expect it to rise thereafter. So we expect second half orders to be higher than first half and the fourth quarter to be the highest quarter of all the quarters if you will. And that’s our typical pattern anyway. There is a couple of things I’ll point to that you might be watching out for in the second quarter. We have a few high dollar items, mostly within our large business areas. So we would expect to get at the second order for close, the second order for 18 aircraft for S-16 aircraft I should say for Iraq, probably get in order for couple of C-130s from Saudi Arabia. There is a possibility we’ll close on the Indian C-130 a second and C1-30 by for India for six aircraft. We still have six international aircraft and launch six for F-35 that yet to be sort of fully funded via under an undefinitized contractual action or UCA that we would hope would happen in the second quarter. We should get additional funding for even greater aircraft on LRIP-8, for F-35. And then switching to MST, we should be getting finalization of the MH-60 Denmark helicopter contract and some ground radar business within MST. So those are sort of the dollar awards that you want to watch the high dollar awards. Strategically, there is a couple of big items as well, almost all of them within MST in the second quarter. So the Air Missile Defense Radar AMDR program, we expect to be awarded in the second quarter as was space side, this is the sort of the Space Debris Tracking radar if you will from earth that we expect to happen in the second quarter. And then lastly within MST, the KC-46 Training activity that Marillyn mentioned in her prepared remarks is also something that we would expect to happen. Either late in the second quarter, early third, the rest of the year, we are hopeful obviously we got some missile defense products pack reason for a number of customers within the Middle East. And then recently if you saw some of the FMS activity just came out, we are hopeful to have some weapons on F-15s and some capabilities for helicopters in Saudi Arabia as well as the potential to sell additional F-16s to the UAE. So whether that one will happen between now and end of the year, it might be a little bit sporty but we’re focused on that and hopeful that that could occur. I should mention probably that we’ve also got activities within Singapore and South Korea for the F-35; again, not sure if those will happen this year or not, but they are on the custom, ones that we’re watching very closely.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, so George, I’ll take those. So F-16 the contractual resolution you should think of that being in and nothing sure to approach 10, but think of it in the 10ish million dollar range maybe little less than that. So not a particularly huge item, but one that’s been outstanding for quite a while and we’re delighted to have and finally settle now; I literally think this is one that is probably been around. As I have quite a few of these contractual resolutions, we have had settled in the past for probably close to a decade. So it is good to get them behind us. As far as the outlays, you’re looking at the defense outlays versus the contractor, you know what, I will remind you again that 61% of our sales roughly last year were from the DoD. So there is a full almost 40% that’s non-DoD, obviously the biggest component that is the international, we do expect as Marillyn said earlier to grow the international component of our business which would help to maybe explain why we don’t get down to 10% you are talking about there. And then what I would suggest George is that, even within that reduction in the procurement R&D, you have to look at the individual programs within the DoD budget because not every partner within the DoD budget is going down 10% and it ties into the priorities of the customer and our alignment of our portfolio with those priorities. So we would expect the F-35 to grow our air and missile defense programs to grow and help to offset that on the international side obviously as we mentioned earlier, the air and missile defense components especially growing over the next few years. It helps to offset that reduction. I think you’re seeing in the – and sort of the high level map that you described.
Bruce L. Tanner: Howard, just a interesting little [titbits] there. And my aeronautics friends have pointed this off to me as we’ve done reviews with Marillyn and the leadership team there. We’ve actually for the past few C-130 since we’ve started building at 24 aircraft a year, the hourly rate or the hours it takes to assemble that C-130 is we’re actually performing better than we were – when we were delivering 34 aircrafts a year. So that’s no small feat when you are on number what 4500 aircraft, not 4500, 2500 aircraft through the line, and at this stage of the product development or product manufacturing cycle that we’ve been able to make that those are real live reductions and it’s one of several instances that we can point to there, we’re taking the right actions particularly on a manufacturing side of bringing down the product cost in line with the shrinking volume that we’re seeing.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, so Myles, I think what I have tried to key up is that we always expect that we take a downturn in the first quarter, probably get further down a second quarter, I think at the start of the year, I said we hope to get back around the $80 billion mark that still obviously a goal that we have, but I think it’s going to be tougher assuming that the next three quarters are hit by sequestration. So those numbers, you remember them right, it was $80 billion. But I’ll say that’s probably a tougher – as we said here today because that did not compare the effects of sequestration. And of course we would think that orders in the fiscal year since we had more of our orders obviously coming from that fiscal year 2013 funds would be more significantly impacted them with sales in calendar year 2013, because less of those come from fiscal year 2013 fund. So it would be a bigger number than the $825 million of sales impact is what I would expect from an orders perspective. But we’re not yet at this point giving up on that and hopefully as quarter’s go by, I also have a better idea what that looks like and we’ll be able to update that for you as we go through the year.
Bruce L. Tanner: I don’t know I have got the numbers at the top of my head, Cai. But I would say we were not expecting. We got the benefit of both volume obviously. I mean I think on the last call I teed up that we are probably going to be down a billion dollars year-over-year in the first quarter. We ended up being down what about $800 million. We again across the board, all five business areas were better in sales, better in profit. The sales obviously brought volume in terms of profit on those sales. If I had to get some number out, probably offset maybe about 50-ish plus million dollars is probably what I would guess that happened earlier and somewhat higher than we had expected kind and that’s a little bit off the top of my head and we’ll see what that looks like going forward. But again I don’t see a huge pattern shipped as we go forward in the next three quarters from what we did in the first quarter.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So David, you asked me the first part of that question. So again what I try to key up and I won’t just simply repeat myself but we do tend to have a very similar pattern as far as the amount of sales that we derived from backlog year-over-year. So as we’ve talked in the past, our long cycle businesses, Aeronautics and Space in particular get 90% plus of their in the following year from the backlog from prior years, that goes down. Probably IS and GS is our lowest business that gets in terms of the percentage of sales that are derived from previous years backlog. I think about, that’s probably 65-ish percent or so, 35% comes from new orders turning into new sales in the year. The thing about 2014 that I think we all have to remember is, 2013 is the peanut butter or across the board cuts. 2014 with the new President’s budget, there is no peanut butter cut, so they can actually cut whatever – I’ll say aligned with the strategy starting in government fiscal year 2014, that’s different then what we saw or what we will see in fiscal year 2013 and where I would offer up, this is sort of the proof of the putting or whether or not your portfolio aligns to the government’s strategic interest or not in terms of the DoD’s priorities. We think ours does – we think ours has more staying power in that environment than in a peanut butter environment, and that’s what I think, David I think is maybe all that will understood that I think it does make a difference as we look into FY14 versus FY13.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes, good question, Sam. So I try to tee that up, I think what Cai von asked the earlier question that they maybe more higher in the first quarter as expected. I teed up being about a $1 billion down, we actually have been $200 million down, so there is $800 million of goodness there. I think if it is a couple hundred million within Aeronautics probably for a couple of C-130s earlier delivered than planned. The rest of those volumes, Missile & Fire Control was up on just a percentage basis like 13% year-over-year in the first quarter. Most of that was the facing or timing of deliveries of products there. So think of it is in particular tactical missiles JASSM, missiles the Multiple Launch Rocket System activities there. That’s earlier than planned but not necessarily upper for the year as we look at this at the end of the first quarter. : So not sure if that was last throughout the year, that’s one of the reasons we put the guidance out that we did, but we’re pleased to have that in fact in the first quarter, I think some of that is because we frankly saw, I’ll say a sense of urgency to get things under contract prior to the end of last year when we thought sequestration was going to start in early January, I think we experienced a similar phenomenon at the end of February when the customer thought that sequestration was going to get in effect on March 1, a number of customers thought that obligated funds would that be subject to sequestration if obligated prior to that. I think we got bit of a rush to kind of get those under contract, I think we’re seeing the benefits of that on our short cycle businesses. So maybe just to finish off my long dialogue here, but going forward the next few quarters, I think our sales levels are going to be similar in the second quarter and third quarter to what we experienced in the first quarter maybe down slightly, because sequestrations largest impacts at least as we look for the rest of the year going to occur in the second quarter and third quarters, because you’re kind of squeezing the full government’s fiscal year with sequestration cuts into the last two quarters of the fiscal year. So for us that the second quarter and third quarter of the calendar year, I think we’ll see bigger reductions there, I do think fourth quarter will be the largest quarter of the year going forward even with the potential reductions that have yet to be announced in fiscal year 2014 from sequestration. So that’s sort of how I think of the – again the next three quarters similar, may be a little bit down, because the sequestration to the first quarter and then a pop up in the fourth quarter. : So not sure if that was last throughout the year, that’s one of the reasons we put the guidance out that we did, but we’re pleased to have that in fact in the first quarter, I think some of that is because we frankly saw, I’ll say a sense of urgency to get things under contract prior to the end of last year when we thought sequestration was going to start in early January, I think we experienced a similar phenomenon at the end of February when the customer thought that sequestration was going to get in effect on March 1, a number of customers thought that obligated funds would that be subject to sequestration if obligated prior to that. I think we got bit of a rush to kind of get those under contract, I think we’re seeing the benefits of that on our short cycle businesses. So maybe just to finish off my long dialogue here, but going forward the next few quarters, I think our sales levels are going to be similar in the second quarter and third quarter to what we experienced in the first quarter maybe down slightly, because sequestrations largest impacts at least as we look for the rest of the year going to occur in the second quarter and third quarters, because you’re kind of squeezing the full government’s fiscal year with sequestration cuts into the last two quarters of the fiscal year. So for us that the second quarter and third quarter of the calendar year, I think we’ll see bigger reductions there, I do think fourth quarter will be the largest quarter of the year going forward even with the potential reductions that have yet to be announced in fiscal year 2014 from sequestration. So that’s sort of how I think of the – again the next three quarters similar, may be a little bit down, because the sequestration to the first quarter and then a pop up in the fourth quarter.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thanks for the question, Joe. This first half I would say the things that you are seeing coming forward are things that we’ve been investing in for a number of years. As a company we are a technology leader, we often talk about saying that we do hard stuff, we do difficult things and try to work on big things that are affecting the global environment, the global security environment. So we are always investing in the future in that regard. And we have 60,000 scientists and engineers that are working on things not only on our core products and services today, but also looking at ways to give our adversaries and advantage or look at new areas that we can help in global security needs. So even as our customer budgets decline, we’re going to continue to invest in these new technology so we think that’s really important that we do that. In terms of [ordering] as to commercial markets, I would say that the things that we’re doing right now are things that – as I said we’ve been investing in for sometime and while it is a different customer base they are large projects much like we do large projects across the corporation. And so to the risk, these are not big needle movers in the near term. We are not looking at a large cash investment we’ve been investing, for example, the Perforene and the nanotechnologies for the past seven years. We’ve been investing in the Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion. We’ve been working on since the 70s. We increased our investment in past five years, but it’s measured and disciplined investment that we make in R&D just as we do across the business. So from that standpoint, it’s a matter of not putting any capital at risk, but that we do expect these to be fully funded. In fact, if you look at OTEC, that final plant will be fully funded by our partner as we bring our intellectual property forward in that arena. And in terms of the Perforene, we got a patent, but we are now looking for opportunities to partner and taking that one forward. So we partnered with companies in the commercial market that’s what gives us the capability to go into those new markets and that’s how we’ll approach them.
Marillyn A. Hewson: In terms of consolidations on the defense industry, I think you know as the spending contracts, we would expect that there would be more consolidation, it’s just at that level and it’s been communicated to us by our customers, I think that at the prime level, it’s about right in terms of the number of companies that are prime, so we’re probably get to second and third tier or below but we will see consolidation. But I certainly expect that because the economics will dictate that with the contraction of the budgets. In terms of acquisitions and to broadening our acquisitions, we’re going to stay into the near adjacencies. We prefer to do joint ventures and teaming where it makes sense and we’ll continue to look at our acquisition strategy as String of Pearls approach and look at what will line up with the capability that we need and the markets that we want to moved into.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thanks for the question, Doug. Just to address, where we see our growth, we do know that our core domestic defense business will flatten, potentially decline. So what we are focused on is growing our international business that is where we expect that to offset that and continue to grow. As I’ve said in previous calls and today as well we are currently at 17% of our sales. We expect to grow that to 20% over the next few years, but we will continue to focus on where that demand is from missile defense or [attack area] or immobility, a lot of our C4ISR satellite technology. It’s a whole range of products, but it continues to be a strong demand for internationally. In terms of these adjacencies and some that I talked about today, these are not needle movers in the near term. These are really those that we believe are long-term with large application potentially in these technologies and they are not new to the horizon for us. As I said, we have been working on them for a number of years. The fact that some of them have come to fruition, we are dealing with different partners and different customers and so they are once that have come about in the last few months that have come on the screen and we thought it would be appropriate to share with you what is happening in those, but our top line growth will be on our core and near adjacencies both domestically and internationally in the business.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Howard, we’re definitely focused on operational performance, so I think you characterize it well in terms of talking about it being operational because we’ve been, we not only are we driving improvement even if we reduce the rate on the C-130J, we are able to hold our position relative to profit on the program. So, I think you’re seeing the results of that and at the same time, we’re very much across our business, working on reducing cost and increasing efficiencies and productivity in the business; so a lot of activities, not just operationally with our particular program but all of that flows through to all of our programs. So the things that we’re doing in getting out of facilities and reducing our overheads and the efficiencies that come with, just having a razor focus on cost across every element of the business is helping us to bring in better performance. And then within the C-130J, I mean as it moves through its courses you have a learning curve and so continuing to have productivity improvements as we continue with the rate of that program.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thank you.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Company: Bruce, one of the things you highlighted was that EACs were better than expected. It was 470, 35% of sales, that’s substantially higher than it’s been in any of the last couple of years. Where do you expect it to be for the year? And two questions, give us some color on the quarterly pattern as you did with the cash flow? And then where notionally can this number go in the future as it likely to come down than more normal levels or is it still sustainable? Thanks so much.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So, you address the sizing of the business for sequestration. Now we’re going to size the businesses as we get more clarity from our customer. Frankly it’s difficult to forecast, I know Bruce talked a lot about modeling, but it really was – the best we could do to model what that impact would be until we get better insight on their planning for sequestration will be difficult to say which programs get hit and therefore which program what kind of head count might be modified accordingly. So, there is a lot of uncertainty here. As Bruce said though, we look at the budget request for FY2014, it does certainly support not only the national security strategy but it also very much aligns with our portfolio. We’ll continue to invest in new technology, we’ll continue to drive down our cost and I think we remain well positioned to succeed in this environment going forward.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So to wrap up, I’d like to thank you all for joining the call today and for your questions and we look forward to speaking with you in July. Thanks.
