Maria Ricciardone: Thank you, Lois, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jim Taiclet, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Malave, our Chief Financial Officer. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities law. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release and our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We posted charts on our website today that we plan to address during the call to supplement our comments. These charts also include information regarding non-GAAP measures that may be used in today's call. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com and click on the Investor Relations link to view and follow the charts. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Maria Ricciardone: Okay. Thanks, Jay. Today, I will discuss first quarter year-over-year results for the business areas. Starting with aeronautics on chart five. First quarter sales at Aero were over $6.8 billion up 9% year-over-year, and that's 1% normalized for the extra week in 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes across F-35 and Skunk Works and the continued production ramp on the F-16 program. Segment operating profit is comparable year-over-year with higher volume being offset by lower margin development contract mix and lower net profit adjustments, mainly on the F-35. Aeronautics backlog remains at a healthy $57 billion, which includes 373 F-35s and 80 C-130Js, and 132 F-16s, supporting growth into 2025 and beyond. Turning to Missiles and Fire Control on Chart 6, sales increased 25% from the prior year, 16% normalized for the extra week driven by production ramps on tactical and strike missile programs, primarily GMLRS, HIMARS and JASSM, LRASM. Integrated air and missile defense also saw higher volume on PAC-3 and THAAD. As expected, segment operating profit decreased 18% year-over-year, primarily due to the $100 million loss on the classified program Jay mentioned previously. Normalizing for the loss, MFC's margins would have been 13.7%. Now, I'd like to provide a quick update on our annual production capacity plans for key programs. PAC-3 is currently at 500 missiles, growing to 550 in 2025, and 650 by 2027. GMLRS currently is at 10,000 missiles, growing to 14,000 by 2025. JASSM, LRASM currently at about 650 missiles, growing to 1,100 by 2026, and HIMARS currently at 72 launchers, growing to 96 next year. Shifting to rotary emission systems on Chart 7. Sales increased 16% in the quarter, 8% normalized for the extra week, driven by higher volume across the entire portfolio, including radar and laser programs within integrated warfare systems and sensors, various programs within C6ISR and the CH-53K and Seahawk programs within Sikorsky. Operating profit increased 23% due to higher volume and favorable contract mix, partially offset by lower profit adjustments. Finally, with space on Chart 8, sales increased 10% year-over-year, 2% normalized for the extra week to approximately $3.3 billion. The growth was driven by higher volume on the fleet ballistic missile program and ramp ups on hypersonic and next-generation interceptor programs within strategic and missile defense, as well as higher volume on space development agency transport and tracking layer programs within national security space. Operating profit increased 16% compared to Q1 2023, driven by higher volume and ULA equity earnings, partially offset by lower net profit adjustments, primarily on the Next-Gen OPIR program. Now, I'll turn it back to Jay to wrap up our prepared remarks.
Maria Ricciardone: Lois, I think we have time for one more question since we're close to the top of the hour. So let's take one more, and then we'll be done.
Jay Malave: Thanks, Maria. Let's turn to the outlook on Chart 9. Our expectations for Lockheed Martin’s 2024 financial outlook remain unchanged from what we said in January. With the strong first quarter results positioning us well to achieve the consolidated full year outlook, we continue to expect free cash flow to be in the range of $6 billion to $6.3 billion, including over $3 billion of independent research and development and capital investments. While the dividend, along with the expected $4 billion of share repurchases, support our returns to shareholders, targeting a mid-single-digit free cash flow per share growth over the longer-term. All right. To close out and summarize on Chart 10, we're off to a solid start in 2024 and remain laser-focused on execution to our customer and programmatic commitments while building momentum towards delivering our full year guidance. Through our 1LMX transformation, we are reengineering our internal processes by providing the automations and capabilities needed to drive efficiency, increase velocity and enhance key captures and programs. 1LMX will enable us to combine the depth and breadth of our portfolio with the expertise and dedication of our people to drive 21st Century Security solutions for our customers and continue to create value for our shareholders. With that Lois, let's open up the call for Q&A.
Jay Malave: Yes, sure. Doug, I'll just add, as Jim mentioned, this combat training capable -- capability and configuration, as Jim mentioned, supports the training of the squadrons standing up to new squadrons and decreasing the amount of time of the aircraft are parked. All that, what that does is really avoids any type of significant disruption. And so what this does is really keep our production on track here in 2024 and then beyond as well. As Jim mentioned, in 2025, we'll have further capability inserted and we'll actually start delivering on the inserting Block 4 type of capability as well. And you may have heard, you referenced comments made from the U.S. military and they discussed a Block 4 reimagined, and what that would entail is an insertion schedule that's really tied to an executable plan that can be provided by industry, so we can avoid these types of disruptions. And so when you look at it in the short-term, could there be pressure on the last 15 through 17 contract profitability and potential movement around in cash flow? Yes. But I think over the longer-term and the medium-term, I think we're working in coordination with our customer to make sure that we can deliver the capabilities the customer wants, but on an executable schedule. And if we're able to do that, then we should be able to keep the program on track from a production standpoint.
Jay Malave: Sure. Peter, MFC was a little light because of two factors. First, as we mentioned, we did have the $100 million loss provision that we recorded. In addition to that, their profit adjustments were lighter year-over-year by about $20 million. And so that's a function really of calendarization. We'll see profit adjustments in throughout the rest of the year improve. And so getting us back to what we had guided to. Just as a reminder, we're anticipating, and that was fully anticipated in our guidance for MFC, that we would have additional or could have additional losses in the back half of the year associated with this classified program. And so what our guide, what it implies from where we are today, we reported $100 million is in a range of another $225 million in the back half of the year, which would be provided for in this expectation. Now, going beyond that, we've talked about this, and I'll just deal with the question upfront in terms of can timing change? And it's possible that we could record additional losses here in 2024 depending on other factors as the year goes on, there's factors such as technical milestone achievement through the balance of the year, discussions with our customers, visibility to funding. So all of those factors go into the determination and whether you have to recognize a loss earlier. You'll see coming out in our 10-Q that we've actually ranged the potential losses on this program, which would be in excess, additional losses in excess of $1 billion. So at least you could have an opportunity to size it. The timing of which is still to be determined. We've got about $225 million at least embedded in our guide for the balance of the year. Going back to MFC for the year, if you really take apart their expectation, the impact of this at $325 million of losses in the year anticipated, they're offsetting a fair amount of that in their guide. I mean, the impact of that is 270 basis points alone. And their total full year guide is down about 210. And so you're seeing offsetting improvement within MFC, it's not entirely one-for-one, but their underlying performance has been solid and we expect that to continue.
Jay Malave: Right. I think it's important to keep that in mind that, we spend a lot of time talking about timing of losses and things like that and the magnitude of it, but we also spend a lot of time internally going through just where we are in the progress of the program as well as the business case. And I can assure you the business case is accretive to it at a above our cost of capital. And as Jim mentioned, it's going to provide strong returns for many years to come.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just a -- we're currently performing already under a contract, and that contract will continue. We've talked about this before. We've completed a preliminary design review in September of 2023. And we're on track for critical design review in 2025 and under the current contract as well as building test assets. So that will just continue under this down select. As far as pricing and costs, the current contract, because of development contracts, cost plus contract, it's low margin as you would expect, but nothing again abnormal. As far as future bidding that we provided for future types of contracts, there were various elements or different types of contract structures that the customer asked for. We provided those to the customer, none of which was based on aggressive pricing or bidding, as Jim mentioned. We've talked about this in the past, and we've taken a middle-of-the-road approach to our pricing, and this is no different.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just a couple of things, as Jim mentioned. A stable outlook is the best way to describe it. As Jim mentioned, CH-53K is really the pillar. And those revenues between now and 2027 and 2028 are going to double. And so while we will see declines in other programs such as combat rescue helicopter, some declines on Black Hawk and others, the CH-53K will really offset all of those declines. We do have to go through a rebalance, a little bit of a rebalance of the workforce because the mix of development work versus production work is different than what we had originally anticipated. So we'll go through that. But I think the business, as I mentioned, will be -- is pretty stable. We're also, as Jim mentioned, continue to have dialogue and just investments in Black Hawk modernization, which will maintain its relevancy particularly in the JADC2 environment. And so, of course, you continue to see opportunities for not only the base missions that Black Hawk performs but other missions as well. Those dialogues are ongoing with the army to determine what would be the best fit for those. And so as I mentioned, from a revenue standpoint over the next five years, it will actually go up over the next few years a little bit, come back down, but pretty much flat to where it is today. And so stability, I think, is the best way to describe it.
Jay Malave: I'll just add, Rob, we have seen some changes where the contract structure is more closely aligned with the capability that's being requested and the assessment of the technology maturation of that capability. And so you're not seeing as many of these kind of high-risk fixed-price development contracts that really don't work well for anybody because they don't optimize a solution, and they typically end up poorly for the contractor. And so we have seen those changes. Again, they're case-by-case. But I can tell you that at least what we're seeing, particularly in the higher risk, higher technology-type risk arenas, we are seeing a shift in contracting to contracting vehicles that are just more relevant to those circumstances.
Jay Malave: All right, George. Thank you. On the quarterly profile for sales, as you mentioned, on a normalized basis, 5% growth here in the first quarter. I'd see it will slow down to low-single-digit in the second and third. And we're thinking that the fourth quarter probably flattish to maybe slightly down. You might recall that the fourth quarter of 2023 ended up being stronger than we were originally expecting. And so our compare in the fourth quarter of this year would be a little bit tougher. And so you're talking in second and third quarters probably 2% to 3% type of growth numbers with a flattish year-over-year in the fourth quarter. As far as other net, George, you got me there. There's probably some opportunity in there. We'll calibrate that, and we'll update the guide in the second quarter for the full year. But it's probably more prudent to just wait till we're halfway through the year and just make an assessment of the entire outlook, and we'll just leave it there.
Jay Malave: Yes, that's correct, Noah, just one program. And I think right now, our outlook would say probably in -- if you're -- probably 2028 is where we would expect that to flip to positive. Again, it's a question of the timing of the recognition of the losses, but if you assume kind of more linear approach from here on out to be about 2028. As far as NGI, just again, the different contracting vehicles are ranging anywhere from cost plus to fixed price incentive. There is no -- the customer hasn't selected exactly which vehicle wants to pursue. So there's nothing actually under contract for the next phase or phases. Right now, we're going to continue to perform under the current contract, as I mentioned. We got critical design review in 2025. We also, as part of this contract, we have to provide some test assets. And between now and then, I'm sure we'll have discussions in terms of getting future phases on contract.
Jay Malave: Okay. For timing, we're -- we've been under contract. This is a follow-on for us. And what I could do, Rich is I don't recall off-hand exactly what the annual revenues are, but I got Maria follow-up on you. But this is, again, just a continuation of those activities there. And so no significant change I don't think from a revenue standpoint or margin expectation at RMS for this.
Jim Taiclet: Sure, Doug. So I think it's important to understand that we're doing, as I said earlier, concurrent development and production and then advancing the sustainment capability as well, all at the same time. Most of these complex programs go through a period of development and then a production run largely off of that design base or that engineered base of what the aircraft supposed to look like and how it's going to perform. The F-35 is different in a sense that development has been going on since the day the program started years and years ago, and it's going on today. Now, the good news about that is you have step function increases in capability every few years, and as a result of the F-35's capacity to do that, the government just came out and extended the expected service life of the aircraft another decade or two, I think it was. So this is a good thing, but it's also an extremely difficult thing to do and even to predict schedule, right? It's our responsibility to hold cost and schedule, but we're -- we don't control all the variables let me just say. And that's okay, we're still the OEM, we're still responsible. And so what we run into on TR-3 is just a level of complexity and executing the step function increase, that's pretty, I'd say, novel or dramatic. What the team is doing at our company is we're integrating a series of components, devices, software, and managing and integrating all of that. And so what's happening now is we are ringing out all of the software through all of the new hardware and integrating it into all the aircraft other systems. And that's taken longer than our team predicted. The way we're going to get at that is if you think of it as a release one and a release two, and we've got a lot of confidence in this stage. So release one, if you think of it that way is what we're calling along with the U.S. government, a combat training capable aircraft, meaning we can get these jets in the hands of squadron, wing, and regional commanders so that they can start training their pilots on them and training their maintenance organizations and also getting their bases and infrastructure, spare parts, pools and everything else sort of in operational shape, if you will. Once we get the final software load for the fully combat capable version of TR-3, sometime in the next few months, then those aircraft could be deployed into actual combat operations and you'll have the training, the maintenance, the ringing out, the operational patterns and procedures on how to actually fly the jet in combat. So we'd like to be able to do it sooner, but this is the schedule we're on. And I'd say for the combat training cable aircraft, we're highly confident, based on the test results so far, that those will be deliverable in the third quarter. Jay, you want to say anything else about cash flow and --
Jim Taiclet: So David, as we mentioned, for this quarter, we started off pretty solid, just on an apples-to-apples basis 5% growth in the first quarter lines up pretty well with a mid-point guidance range, which is 2% to 2.5% and the high end of that range being, say, around 3.5%. So we're well-positioned to deliver on that expectation. It is possible somewhere to last year that we could see some upside towards the higher end of the sales guide range there. So again really good start that enables that. As we think about 2025, what you saw in the budget, what we're seeing here in supplemental, give us higher confidence that we'll continue to grow. We talked about growth in -- starting in 2023, a year earlier than we had originally anticipated, accelerating in 2024, and then giving us more confidence that we'll see at least a same if not more growth in 2025. We'll give you -- it later in the year, we'll give you a much better update in terms of what we're seeing. But right now all this bodes well to our sustained growth in terms of what we've been driving to, not only in 2025, but beyond 2025 as well.
Jim Taiclet: And Peter, it's Jim. I used to fly these aircraft for the USAF and I can assure you that the capability that's being developed here at MFC in the classified program will have very, very long legs. There's going to be many, many years, we believe, of orders to follow. So, yes, for a quarter, for the year, maybe for a couple of years, we're going to absorb the loss provisions that Jay described. But I think if you look under the curve for the lifecycle is going to be significantly positive. And so we want to get there as efficiently as we can. This is a long run franchise program that I think the U.S. government is going to support for a very long time.
Jim Taiclet: So it's a great topic, Rob. And so let's start with the origination of the F-35 program. It was intended, as you said, to be a wide-based Allied program. I think it was seven literally partners, essentially treaty partners that we all get together and contribute their industrial capacity and their financial capacity to this program, given its importance and complexity and the scale that people are contemplating. So yes, we have a pretty broad supply chain. There were a couple of times when that's gotten a little tough for the program. COVID was one of those. So we had delayed deliveries out of the UK, because the factories there weren't open, although ours were. So we will be mitigating any future programs that we have. And we're eager to have international production and sustainment partners, and we're going to expand that. But we're also going to apply some anti-fragility methodologies to those initiatives going forward. No one really thought of COVID, of course. But now that we've had that example, we need to know -- we know we need to have second and maybe third sources. And geographic diversity would be a positive thing from that perspective. So we'll just be a little more broadly thoughtful about how we do this. Having single sources outside the U.S. is probably not the best idea. There's an affordability issue around that too. So we're just going to have to balance everything out. So based on its origination and essentially the commitment of the countries to the program, we do have that sort of spread out supply chain with a couple of weak spots in it. Look, another weak spot's canopies, right? How hard is it to make a glass canopy? Well, with this kind of stress and the kind of precision that's needed and put in an F-35 canopy together versus an F-4, which I used to look out a little bit. Highly complex, hard to produce, single source, one of the big degraders that we have. So again, we're going to learn from that, whether it's a domestic or an international supplier going forward. In addition, as you pointed out, we are heavily in-sourcing when we can, and Lockheed Martin has the best technology. We're looking hard at making sure that we can control as much of the supply chain that is feasible and reasonable based on whatever program it is. And so, for example, on NGI, that was at MFC, Lockheed Martin Space collaboration to make sure that the most critical sensor components that we could produce in the company effectively and efficiently were the ones that were selected, okay? And so your topic is a really great one. We intend to actually geographically further diversify our supply chain but really based on this anti-fragility concept of having two or three sources, either different parts of the world, different companies, different logistical chains, things like that where we won't run into some supply chain issues as much as we have on some prior programs, including F-35, honestly, so.
Jim Taiclet: So let me focus on digital service contracting because I think that's a really ripe opportunity area for the DoD to work with industry, not just the traditional defense fronts, if you will, but broader industry too. We want to play on subscription basis ourselves. We want to bring in partners that will only be our suppliers on a subscription basis. So in terms of, say, 5G, connectivity services, backhaul, those kinds of things, AI, which needs constant refreshing and modeling. We will do a lot of the AI in-house, but we're not going to be possible to do all of it. We want to bring in partners. We announced a couple of them like NVIDIA and IBM. They want to work with us. So I do think we're starting to get interest inside government on how to do this. We proposed, frankly, ourselves, which will open up opportunity for a lot of other companies in different sectors an adjacent acquisition process within the DoD for digital services alongside the traditional DoD acquisition process for largely physical goods like aircraft, ships, et cetera. There's interest in that. We haven't gotten it over the line, so to speak. But I think there's a lot of advocacy across broad industry to do that and starting to be in Congress and other places in DoD as well. Along with that, we want to drive an open architecture system so that U.S. government has a lot of diversity in its potential suppliers because we're all working off of the same standards base as far as APIs, interfaces, frequencies, use and those kinds of things and synchronize that as much as we can with commercial industry so we can use more of their IP and more of their resources and more of their people. So I think that there's a lot of opportunity here, and we're getting -- starting to get some traction on it. But it's going to take a little bit of time to get those processes and those standards bodies put in place. But we're actually on it, and we have some partners and teammates agree with those.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Rob, maybe to support just another minute what Jay is speaking about in a more direct way here. I have a view, as you may have heard, that having a -- even a cost-based development project or program with a fixed price set of early production options is a tough thing to intellectually get at least my arms around, which is committing to cost and price on an object that really hasn't been fully invented yet. And we're looking really, really hard if that's -- in any opportunity that's presented to us in that context as a company. So that is one area where to, again, highlight what Jay is speaking about, more of an alignment of what can industry deliver on a reasonable risk basis. And so the government can get a successful program out of it, frankly, and not have massive write-offs in industry or cost overruns or long schedule delays. We think it's constructive to get some more of that alignment that Jay described.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Noah, the principle behind what Jay and I are speaking to here is that we want to be agnostic ultimately from a risk-adjusted basis on whatever contract format that the government would like to employ in these matters. So if it's going to be any kind of, I'll say, a highest risk would be again, fixed price production on something that's not been designed yet. We will put a high risk premium in the future and have on those kinds of requests of the government. And what's interesting is they're asking for multiple types on NGI. And that's going to give them an opportunity to see what contract risk transfer to industry is now going to cost, at least in Lockheed Martin's case because we will reply on that basis to say, if you want us to have this kind of contract, we have to have a risk premium that's significantly higher than, let's just say, a pure cost-based contract to give you the greatest contrast. And that's just the principle we're going to use from now on. So if you want a certain price point as government, we will provide you a contract format that will get you that price. But if you want to shift more risk to industry, you'll see a higher risk premium come back in our proposal, if you will. So that's the principle we're using and that we'll continue to use.
Jim Taiclet: And so from the mission-centric approach, this is actually a pretty good example of that, Rich, in pulling through or extending existing programs, right? And so we're trying to show is that you can map data flows through a full mission, right, which generally includes and now cyber, by the way, upfront. So you have a cyber-track, then you have to have a sensing capability. You then have to have a way to get sensor data, whether it comes from a satellite or a submarine back into the command and control system. Along with that, you have to have targeting and tracking quality data that comes from beyond just the sensing of an object that's a target. You have to be able to track the target in a way that you can then guide a projectile to it and take it out or put a cyber-attack against it or laser or whatever the effector will be. And so the term of art for that is not pretty. It's called a kill chain. We want to put these chains together in diverse ways that are, again, anti-fragile, which means if you take out one link in that chain, you don't eliminate your ability to complete the mission. And so that's where we're looking at data flows in addition to physical flows, if you will, right? And if we can help create an open architecture system that can provide multiple routes of data flows that can affect missions, then we will be able to have a head start on our platforms and designing to those. And that's what we're doing with Black Hawk for example. That's what we're doing using the C2BMC system. The LRDR radar and ultimately, the NGI missile will be based on a similar architecture. We'd like that architecture to be common outside of Lockheed Martin as well as inside because that will open up more suppliers to us and also provide the government more competitive options. So this is all coming together, and I'm kind of glad you asked the question here at the end because it's very intentional.
Jim Taiclet: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Thanks, everybody, on the call. I want to also express my appreciation to everybody at Lockheed Martin for their relentless focus on this operational execution I mentioned, driving innovation and excellence. And we're all doing this in support of our customers. That's the reason. We have a vision for 21st Century security that we think will keep deterrence high in an increasingly complex and threatening global environment. As a company, we have a strong backlog, as you heard. We're driving operating discipline across the whole organization and this continuous improvement mindset we have. So all that's designed to position our company for U.S. shareholders for future growth and attractive and reliable returns to shareholders over a long period of time. So thank you all again for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in July. Lois that concludes our call. Thanks.
