Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Hunter, is we've got a long, long history with Turkey. We've worked with them since the pretty early days of the F-16 program. We've actually built F-16s in Turkey. As you know and the heart of your question, we're also doing parts of the F-35 at TUSAS Aerospace Industries in Turkey. That relationship has been successful. As you said, it's probably early to call what the grand implications are, but they've been, as Marillyn said, a trusted partner with Lockheed Martin for quite some time, and we hope that's the case in the future, obviously.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. So, let me give you just a little bit of color. It's a good question, Pete. And so, the current level, I think we disclosed in the earnings release. We've got nearly $1 billion or so that we're funding on the program, and that's a decision that we made to do that for whatever reason the U.S. Government has not decided to put funds that are authorized and appropriated to fund Lockheed Martin and our subcontractor efforts on the contracts. So, we've been – we made the decision at the time that we were going to not allow a stop on the program and cause a disruption on the program, particularly in our supply base that's – since that's where most of the work is being done at this time on the F-35 LRIP 9 and 10 contracts. So, we've been funding that for a while. We continue to ask for funding recovery from the U.S. Government. To this point, they have not funded us. At some point in the future, because of the growth that we see over the next few months, and you should think of this literally growing, Pete, in the $400 million to $500 million per month sorts of levels, we will not be able to sustain that. So that if we don't either get funding through a funding mechanism such as a Yucca (25:46) funding item or we definitize the contracts, we will not be able to continue and have that level of cash outflow as a corporation, we simply don't have that capacity. The Pentagon clearly knows that situation, and I'm optimistic that we're going to get cash soon.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, I'll take that one, Rich. Thanks for the question. So, we're probably a little early to be talking about 2017. I think it feels a little early to be talking about 2017, but I think it's a fair question given all the changes that have happened in the interest rate environment here recently, particularly after the Brexit situation. And I think what our 10-year treasury is going for, 1.4% or thereabouts, so dramatic reduction from the start of the year to now. I think we ended the year at a discount rate of about 4 3/8% or 4.375%. If we were to strike a line on the sand right now, it's probably 100 basis points lower than that. You tell me whether you think it's going to increase between now and the end of the year or not, but if it did not, every 25 basis points change in the discount rate from where we ended last year is worth about $125 million delta to FAS expense. So that's a pretty significant reduction in the FAS next year. Our asset returns, you didn't ask about those, but that's the other component in the mix. The asset returns are actually tracking pretty nicely towards an 8% return. We've had a nice lift in the equity markets, particularly domestically here recently that it helped with that situation. So, if I were to predict, again, kind of striking the line in the sand, our current FAS/CAS in 2016 is roughly, what, $975 million or so of income. Looking forward and just carrying those impacts into 2017 that I just described, 2017 would probably be $350 million, maybe $400 million lower than 2016 still income from FAS/CAS, if you will, but not as much income as what we've been expecting and talking about previously. As to your cash funding question, there is no impact next year at all associated with the discount rate change. I mean, ERISA is far more – ERISA, which requires the funding levels for our pension trust, is far more sensitive to asset returns than the discount rate changes. FAS is sort of a instantaneous discount rate impact, where as ERISA is spread over time. So we wouldn't expect any change whatsoever in the funding requirements in 2017, still zero.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. So I actually plan to give a little more insight into the 2018 numbers probably in the October call, but let me take a shot at it now just because you asked the question. So, we have said that 2017, we talked about being the last of the three-year, what we call pension funding holiday that we announced, I guess, at the beginning of 2015. As Rich asked in his question about cash funding, we don't see that changing in 2017. In the previous quarters, I did talk about 2018 having a required pension contribution, and obviously, that's still the case. However, what I was trying to convey – and the number you threw out, about $1.5 billion, it's floating around there maybe a little bit higher now. But what I was trying to convey on previous calls and what I'll try to convey on this call is you shouldn't think of sort of the current level of operating cash dropping by the full amount of pension funding in 2018, and that's really for a couple of reasons. One is we expect to get much stronger cash flows from Sikorsky in 2018 versus what we're seeing today. We expect to have higher cash flow from F-35 than we're seeing today. And then lastly, as you described in your question, we also – we'll get a tax benefit associated with the pension cash contribution in 2018. So think of that as sort of 65% simplistically of the cash contribution is what will be a hit to operating cash in that year, if you will.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Let me take a shot at that, Sam. So, it's a great question as far as capital allocation plans. We still feel strongly about the dividend, capital allocations that we provided to shareholders. We have – if you just look at the composition of our shareholder base, it's probably, I don't remember if 30%, 35%. I'm looking at Jerry, I say it is 30%, 35% of our investor base is sort of income base. So, that's a pretty significant element of our ownership that is driven, in fact, by the dividend yield. So, that's an important aspect of capital allocation going forward. I always say that I think the best indication of what we'll do there is sort of the track record we've had in the last few years or even a decade or more relative to dividend contributions. We still have some options that have yet to be exercised. The option exercise has actually slowed down quite a bit. If I remember, Sam, you've been following us long enough years ago, we had a lot of dilution as a result of options being exercised, that level has come down quite a bit, but there's still a backlog of options out there that as those do get exercised, we will clearly do share repurchases to offset that dilution. We will do share repurchases to offset dilution from the equity compensation as well. And then from that point, Sam, as usual, and this probably will not be the most satisfying answer you'll get, but as usual, it sort of depends on what's available in terms of capital allocation at that time, including other opportunities to invest in programs, acquisitions, that sort of thing. The one thing that probably doesn't make a whole lot of sense at least at this point is to let it just sit sort of idly on the balance sheet, making as little interest as, in fact, it does. I'll remind you, and I know you know this, Sam, but the RMT transaction will reduce share count pretty significantly on its own, probably somewhere between 9 million shares and 10 million shares at sort of current trading. And on top of that, we get the $1.8 billion special payment, as I talked about. And lacking a more pressing or – what's the word I'm looking for...
Bruce L. Tanner: Opportunistic. That's good work, Marillyn. Opportunistic use of that $1.8 billion, I would think a good chunk of that would probably go towards share repurchases.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, it's a good question, Doug. Look, I'm very happy with the first half of the year. And I don't know that if (36:08) that, but I used the word surprise, I'll say we were pleasantly higher than expected or higher than planned for a couple of items, including, for instance, the ULA equity earnings that we got in the quarter. Some of this was sort of fortuitous in terms of the mix of launch vehicles, also the pricing of the launch vehicles that we had in the quarter for ULA. So, for instance, we had an Atlas or – excuse me, a Delta Heavy launch, which is the most expensive launch vehicle that ULA produces, went off in the second quarter, that helped the earnings in the second quarter. Things like that, again, for the first half of the year, all helped us. You were quizzing a little bit about while that didn't necessarily translate into the full-year, I'll say we kind of gave the first half performance and the outlook for the year, and we definitely have the opportunities that I think you're alluding to, Doug, in the second half of the year, but we have to make those happen. And sometimes things don't work out as planned, and that's probably the reason that we provided the guidance that we did. But nothing taken away from – we feel very, very good and pleased with the first half performance of the year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. Good question, Myles. So, look, I kind of answered the question from Doug. I'd like to think that we have sort of, as I said in previous calls, the same sort of opportunities. If I have a good second half as we have in the first half, the one probably most notable change from first half to second half is the fact that we had some F-35 production step-ups in the first half of the year, particularly on sort of the winding down of LRIP 7 aircraft deliveries and a little bit of step-up on LRIP 8, excuse me, as we go into a higher ramp rate there. We don't currently have plans for F-35 production step-ups for the rest – or for the second half of the year, and so that's one of the things that will cause the second half of the year to look a little wider probably than the first half of the year. And then secondly, the volume level of F-35, as I alluded to, and the reason for the change in our guidance for the year is really significant – is really expected to be higher in the second half, and that has that dilutive effect on the overall margins of Aeronautics that I talked about in the past. So, those two reasons probably both netted to F-35, one was the step-ups that occurred in the first-half; and secondly, excuse me, is just the volume in the second-half.
Bruce L. Tanner: Hey, Marillyn – or, Howard, just to add maybe a little bit to what Marillyn said relative to the armed BLACK HAWK, only because I think it's an interesting little tidbit there. So you should think of this as essentially taking a utility helicopter platform and essentially transitioning it into an attack platform. The interesting thing from the way the design was conceived and the way it will be sold internationally, especially, is you can remove that capability. So within a day's time or so, the weapons packages and so forth that are put on to make this an armed platform can be removed from the helicopter, and the next day, you can go out and perform a mission of a utility helicopter. That's some flexibility that doesn't exist right now in the marketplace. And that's something that we think is very interesting that, frankly, would not have happened, but for the synergy between our Missiles and Fire Control organization, the – our MST organization and obviously, Sikorsky now.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Thank you, George. So, relative to the share count reduction and whether or not that's enough to sort of offset the dilution effects of losing the IS&GS earnings or not, you're right. At the call when we announced the deal back in January, we said that the share buyback was essentially going to be enough to make that sort of neutral between the two years. Since that time, our stock has increased. If I look at it today, it's up almost 25% over what the number was in January. I think we were trading at around $210 a share the day we announced the deal. So, pretty significant increase on our side, which makes it obviously more expensive to buy back the same number of shares as we'd expected in the January call. On the other hand, the Leidos stock price has dropped a little bit since that time, so both of those are sort of working against us from a shares perspective, that will be taken out as a result of the RMT transaction. So, where we sit today, George, even with the $1.8 billion, it's probably difficult to get exactly to neutral, but it gets a lot closer there. We still think the economics of this deal relative to all options that we looked at, an outright sale, a pure spin, this is still the best situation for Lockheed Martin and its shareholders and we don't have regret on that. Notwithstanding the fact that to your point we actually may see a little bit of EPS dilution as a result of the stock price movement, I think that's a little bit of a high-class problem that we're experiencing right now, but nonetheless that is where we are. As to the charge we took, we did take an additional charge, $30 million. You're right. This is sort of the command and control business that we're looking, so think of this as sort of a system that controls all sorts of air missile defense capabilities around an entire country including identifying friend or foes, so that you don't have the wrong issues with the air missile defense capability, so linking into a lot of different systems. We think we have prospects once this system is developed in other places internationally, but we've had some growing pains obviously with this. And I think as we've gone through the development in early stages of this program, the customer has kind of changed some of what their expectations are, so we are in discussions with the customer right now about sort of closure of this contract. We think where it sits right now, it's pretty well-positioned in terms of the charges we've taken. There is some upside potential to that depending on where the customer wants to head. There could be some downside, so we're kind of in the middle of that right now, George, and obviously we'll keep you apprised as we go through future quarters and let you know how we're performing on that contract.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. So, Rob, that is still the objective and, just a slight correction maybe on what you said that the two initiatives, sort of the second part of the Blueprint for Affordability and the sustainment activity is more like about $420 million. I remind you, this is an investment....
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, I think your question, was that shared? And it is in fact shared between ourselves, Northrop Grumman and BAE, just as the first Blueprint for Affordability initiative was. It's hard to say, these are investments and you expect to get returns on your investments. We were getting a return on the Blueprint for Affordability one. We would expect to get returns on Blueprint for Affordability two as well as the sustainment investment that we're making. But notwithstanding that, I still think we're on a trajectory on the F-35 program. And I think I've said, more than having the specific year, it's relating more to when will we get full rate production that we hope to get to double-digit margins by that time. I've always said at similar points in time of the program's life cycle, it ought to look like an F-16 program or an F-22, or a C-130, there's sort of nothing structurally that would prevent us from getting to those levels. And right now, we're sort of tracking towards that trajectory, we've not come off of that at all.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah, yeah. Thanks, David. And I probably wasn't at my clearest when I made that Fed reference in the first quarter. I think I heard feedback as we ran around in investor conferences and so forth, that I think I stumbled with my answer there quite honestly. So I tried to be clearer this time. Obviously, I'm still not being clear, but let me try to be as crystal-clear as I can on this thing. So FAS/CAS in 2016, the benefit is about $975 million or so. What I said is, I would expect to be between, if we struck the line in the sand right now, probably $350 million to $400 million lower than the 2016 FAS/CAS benefit in 2017. I mean, to do the math that kind of translates into $625 million, $600-ish million dollar income number down considerably from what we were talking about in the first quarter of last year. Almost all of that because of the discount rate change in the 1,000 basis – or not 1,000, 100 basis points as I talked about. Importantly, back to Rich's question, it's a non-cash item, will not affect our 2017 contributions at all. And that relates to your question relative to the $1.8 billion and we would use that to pre-fund the pension plan. The answer is, we don't have that expectation sitting here today and I don't think that's what we will do with the money. As I said earlier in the – to another question, I think the more likely outcome is probably share repurchases at this point in time and we'll fund the 2018 requirement in 2018. We've already got quite honestly a fairly sizable prepayment credit balance in terms of how much we have contributed to ERISA versus what we've collected from our government contracts and we don't see the point at this time of sort of increasing that level.
Bruce L. Tanner: So, Cai, I think that's probably across – against an area where we're better suited to point you to the prospectus that we got for the RMT transaction rather than me comment on what IS&GS sales would look like under Lockheed Martin in 2017 when that's not our expectation.
Bruce L. Tanner: Nothing to that. I'll try to address the F-35 LRIP 9 and 10. So, maybe a little bit more than you want, Carter, but – so yeah, there's sort of two ways that we could get cash recovery on this program. One is through what's called an undefinitized contractual action or UCA, you've heard that term obviously in the past. We don't care frankly how we get the cash. If it comes under a UCA though, UCAs get funded essentially and it allows you to bill against the UCA with progress payments. So, we would not recover as much cash under a UCA Although we would still get a significant amount of cash under a UCA funding mechanism as we would have if we actually definitized the contract because under the LRIP 9 and 10, we would expect to have performance-based payments and performance-based payments where we are on the contract today would actually give us greater cash recovery than with the UCA. I hope that made sense. As to impact on margins and so forth, I wouldn't expect one or the other to have any impact whatsoever on the margins we're negotiating. The only sort of economic impact that we're seeing and we have raised this with the government is, depending on how long this shortfall lasts and I gave you some numbers relative to the shortfall, we could be – if we choose to fund and again avoid the disruption of the, particularly the supply chain on the program and the international partners on the program, if we chose to fund, we probably would have to get in the commercial paper market bigger than we are. And that's not something we look forward to and that's probably something that we'd have to have a conversation about what's equitable if in fact that takes place with the government. So, a potential for a negative on the commercial paper, but we would expect that there potentially could be some consideration for that. If in fact that's what happened, but that is not our plan as I said.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Well, you're right about putting one of our top folks there. We have Dan Schultz who run large business areas for businesses for us in the past and also is a helicopter pilot out of the Marine Corps, so he knows the business extremely well and he's doing a great job there. I'll tell you, I'm really excited about a couple of things, Howard, that we've seen in the past six months. First off, we're tracking to what we had planned. I mean, well, from your perspective, maybe different, but frankly, we're right on plan with what we track. But what I'm excited about is some of the revenue synergies that we see just by getting the integration process well underway and getting our teams together. For example, we were – I was at the Farnborough Airshow, as I mentioned earlier, and we showcased an armed BLACK HAWK helicopter that's taking weapons systems and sensors and things from our Missiles and Fire Control business, combining it with the platform that's in Mission Systems and Training, Sikorsky business, and showcasing that on – at our satellite area in Farnborough. And we had tremendous amount of interest in it. A lot of customers are now following up with us on – and interest there, so that's just one example. We've got many other examples where our teams are getting together and we see a chance to do just what we thought when we purchased Sikorsky, and that is to not only get the cost synergies of bringing that element into our business, but also – but more importantly, to get the revenue synergies and get the growth moving forward on it. So, we're on track, we've talked before in this call about our commercial element Sikorsky and the oil and gas price pressures on that business, but we've been very frank about where we stand on that, and based on what our outlook was and what we set for the year, we're right on track with that as well.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Yes. Thank you. I guess where that stands right now is we're standing by with what we consider to be a very good offering. It's an excellent solution, it's low risk, it's – we've got it – it's the T-50A when our joint venture with Korean Aerospace, it's flying right now. We've already had our first flight of our offerings, so we've taken that T-50 with KAI and converted it into T-50A to meet the requirements that the Air Force has outlined, and we're excited about the fact that we've flown it, we're demonstrating it, and we think we have an excellent offering. Now the RFP appears to be slipping out, it's slipping out into the December timeframe. So, we'll – I think that what I understand is that the Air Force wants to revisit what they've outlined as the requirements for that capability, and they will slip the RFP out some, and we stand ready to support that. But in the meantime, we are continuing to roll out our capabilities and showcase that capability. It's a big program, it's about 350 aircraft, so it's an opportunity for us. In our case, there is some discussion around whether or not the Air Force wants to pursue a clean sheet design or an existing design. We believe that with the tremendous gap on the training capabilities, the T-38 is – I don't think it's close to 50 years old or something like that, it's – they need to replace that aircraft. And the fact that we have a low risk aircraft that's already flying that can meet today's requirements, we think we're offering something that would allow the U.S. Air Force to move forward on the program and meet that capability. There are other offerings out there as well that are not clean-sheet. And so, we like to compete and we think we have a tremendous offering.
Marillyn A. Hewson: ...for Affordability for sustainment. What we announced was an investment of up to $250 million over the next couple of years, much like we did on Blueprint for Affordability for production, this time for sustainment along with BAE and Northrop Grumman. And we're targeting over that five-year period that we would reduce sustainment cost by 10%. So, that's where the $1 billion dollar savings for that five-year period would come from. We've got a lot of projects that we've outlined and so it will be jointly with the U.S. government. They will approve those projects, we'll implement them and then as Bruce said earlier, we will get a return on our investment. I think that answers that question, unless there's something more there, Bruce, that you want to add.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thanks, Jerry. Well, as we conclude the call today, I want to wrap up again by highlighting that the corporation completed an exceptional quarter and we continue to build on our year-to-date momentum with an increasing DoD budget and a robust backlog. The corporation is positioned for top-line growth and strong cash flows in the future. Thank you again for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking with you in our next earnings call in October. Kat, that concludes the call for today.
