Marillyn A. Hewson: So, Doug, just on a continuing resolution, we wouldn't expect any impact on F-35. That, as you know, is a long-cycled business. The contracts that we're performing on were some time ago. So with – the CR effects are not being able to add new contracts at this point. So the program that we're producing on today is not impacted by the CR. I'll let Bruce pick up the question on margins.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Sure, Jason. Thanks for the question. Just starting off with F-35, if you just look at the ramp-up on that program, it's very significant over the next few years. And when we get to full rate production, we'll probably be delivering roughly 200 aircraft a year. So, that's a big opportunity. The next five years, we think about 50% of the orders will be in the international marketplace. We're continuing to see additional interest from a lot of countries around the F-35 that are currently not in the program of record, so we expect that over the next few to several years, that we'll continue to see additional countries that will become buyers of the F-35. In the area of missile defense, that continues to be a great demand for us internationally. You mentioned Aegis and PAC-3, also THAAD is another one that we expect. Areas like in the Middle East, we expect that there we will continue to see opportunities. You've probably seen that there was a notification on Qatar and we think some other countries in that region will also be considering THAAD as we go forward. And then beyond that, Aegis, as we've sold some systems on Aegis, we'll continue to see opportunities for, potentially, for Aegis Ashore, which is the land-based Aegis and we continue to sell PAC-3s. So, in the missile defense arena, PAC-3 MSE, the extended range, we expect we'll continue to see strong demand. And then there is MEADS. Germany has already selected MEADS, the Medium Extended Air Defense System, and we're moving forward on that. We expect to get underway this year with a contract with them – or late this year, and we'll see other countries; watch that space. We've had interest from Poland and others. And then, continuing on the international front, F-16, as you've probably seen, there has been an informal Congressional notification for selling F-16s to Bahrain, up to 19 or 20 aircraft. And we continue to be looking at the opportunity for selling F-16s to India, which could be a much bigger buy by India over time, as they move through their process. So, and then F-16 upgrades, we were doing from South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, and others that have made a selection on that. We think, with that large fleet that's out there, that we'll continue to see other countries that will look at F-16 upgrades. So on the aircraft front and the missile defense front, continuing opportunities. And beyond that, I mentioned LRASM in my discussion on the front end with my opening remarks. We think there is a big opportunity for LRASM for the U.S. government as we move forward. We've sold JASSMs to other countries, so LRASM even could be a potential for international opportunities. T-X and JSTARS are two bids that, this year, that we are participating in. We think we have a very strong offering on T-X, the next trainer replacing the T-38, that capability we're offering is a T-50A, It's a very mature program that has low risk, and we can accelerate the schedule and meet the needs of the Air Force up to two years earlier than probably a clean sheet design could do, or maybe more. So, we're very much ready with our offering on that; we expect to be very competitive in that opportunity. JSTARS, we've got a great team pulled together on JSTARS as well, and we're bidding on that opportunity. Future Vertical Lift is a little further out, but of course, we're in the demonstration phase, in the technical demonstration on that, and are teaming on that capability. So, we expect to be in a good position for Future Vertical Lift as we go forward. And then the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, we will participate in that competition, and we think we have a strong offering and LRSO. So, we are engaged in, not only our current portfolio that we believe is very strong and there is a strong demand for, but we are pursuing some big opportunities in other areas. And I didn't mention our Space Systems area, but commercial satellites and the satellites for the military, as we continue to grow that portfolio as well. So, I think I've kind of walked around the system. I did mention C-130, I mean, there continues to be interest in the C-130 in countries like India and Saudi Arabia and France and Germany, and we hope to – we are currently on a multi-year with the U.S. government, we would expect them to continue to purchase C-130s going forward. And I think that – Bruce, any others, maybe, you can add to that? I've kind of tried to walk around the portfolio. We have a very broad portfolio, as you all know, and a very strong portfolio. So, we're really pleased with how well it's supported in the current budget, and what's in the budget deliberations going forward for the U.S. government. But around the world, we've got great opportunities internationally.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Well, first off, yes, we are moving the line to Greenville, and let me just give a little background on that. I think we've let you all know that we will be delivering our last F-16s off the line in Fort Worth later this year, and then actually, the line will stop for a period of time. It was important for us to continue to look at restarting that line. We know how to do that, we have a robust supply chain that has been able to increase and decrease over the life of the F-16, and deal with changes in quantities, and we're ready to restart that line. The reason we're moving to Greenville is, we're ramping up production on the F-35 in Forth Worth, we need the facilities there for what we're doing. Greenville is a great operation that has a strong talent and good facilities there. So, it will be a final assembly and check-out facility for the F-16 there, it's just – we basically produce the aircraft through our supply chain elements of it, and we will assemble it there and deliver it from Greenville. And we're excited about that, it's a – we've also selected Greenville as our site for producing the final assembly of the T-X, of our trainer opportunity as well, the T-50A, so – and we have demonstrated the capability for doing fighters in that facility, so we're excited about it being the place for the future F-16s. In terms of it being this year, for Bahrain, getting an order this year, we feel good about it, but it's really government to government, so we'll have to go through the finishing up on the formal congressional notification and get an order underway. And we look forward to that opportunity. We're very encouraged by that, and we would produce those in Greenville for that reason. In terms of the F-16 SLEP, the Service Life Extension Program, we were pleased to see that the F-16 was designated to have an extended useful life. It has been a strong program for us, and so we continue, as I said, to do upgrades around the world, so that airframe and its capability, it has demonstrated it can fly many more hours and that will open the opportunity for putting new systems on it, new weapons systems, new mission systems and radars and things of that nature. So we see that as a very positive for that fleet, for it to continue to serve our customers, not only U.S. Air Force, but customers around the world for many, many years to come.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So, Cai, maybe I'll take the JV, and then let Bruce pickup on the AWE and Bruce you can fill anything more on that. The JV itself, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, this is a non-cash impairment charge. And we are actually a minority interest in this JV. Back in the mid to late 2000s, the UAE was looking for U.S. partners that would help them to develop their fixed wing and rotary wing sustainment capabilities so that they could support their aircraft in-country and look at broadly supporting beyond the UAE, other countries' aircraft. And we entered in this joint venture in 2010. At the time, we were a 20% owner in it from a Lockheed Martin standpoint, Sikorsky was a 20% owner, and the UAE entity had 60%. Of course, when we acquired Sikorsky in 2015, that increased our position. So, we are a 40% owner in the joint venture. The joint venture has been successful. It's been a good joint venture, it's got about 4,000 employees, sales of about $1.5 billion a year. It's been very profitable every year with equity earnings that come back to us through Sikorsky and now to us, both our share and Sikorsky's share. And it's generated to offset credits for us that have satisfied a lot of obligations for us for the programs that we have in country. So from that standpoint, it's successful. The ambition, though, for that entity is for it to grow regionally and become a sustainment center for the region. And so facilities were built and machinery and equipment procured in order to prepare for growing beyond just the UAE market. And unfortunately those projections haven't materialized. The fact that oil prices have been lower has not helped matters, but it's been a damper on what the outlook was for it. So, the charge basically recognizes the diminished value of those assets and the lower demand environment. We still have aspirations for that entity, and hopefully, we will see longer term that outlook. But as we looked at it today, the reduced business prospects, the entity determined that they needed to impair certain assets, and so that's what we dealt with.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So, let me wrap up. Since that was our last question, I want to conclude the call today. And I'll end by reinforcing our commitment to our strategy of growth in top-line sales and strong cash generation while at the same time providing our customers with world-class solutions to their continuous challenges and delivering our stockholders long-term value creation. Thank you again for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking to you on the next earnings call in July. Karen, that concludes our call today.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. I don't think I've got a whole lot off from the CR issue, Doug, other than – as you well know the F-35, I mean the work that we're performing today was from several fiscal years ago. It takes about three years or so to go through the F-35 lifecycle from sort of the initial dollar award to the first aircraft delivery. So, as Marillyn said, I wouldn't expect to see, especially in 2017, much of an impact, if anything, even should CR be extended. On the CTOL question, getting price below $80 million and its impact on margin, the only way that would impact our margin negatively, Doug, is if we price those contracts assuming that we can get there and obviously don't achieve that but that's not our expectation. Our expectation is that we'll bring – be able to bring the cost down to support that price with both the U.S. government customer as well as our international customers and make the profit levels that we've talked about before that we should be making, when we get to kind of full rate production on this contract around this program. So, I would say, arguably no impact unless we have performance that we're not expecting to have in that timeframe.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Thanks, George. Good questions. So, yeah, sales in the first quarter probably were a little lighter than we'd expected. I think it's important that we did say we're going to hold the guidance for the other business areas besides Space Systems that includes Aeronautics. We still think that the F-35 program is going to have the kind of volume growth throughout the rest of the year that we saw – that we forecasted in the guidance that we provided to you last quarter. And just to put it in some perspective, I think I looked at the F-35 program. I think the first quarter is up like 15% over the first quarter of last year. So we're still seeing some pretty significant volume increases, even though we expect the full year to actually be higher than that. So I still think we're going to track to the outlook we provided in first quarter and I think we'll catch up between now and the end of the year to where we expected to be when we talked last quarter. The better cash terms that we got there, you should think of that impacting the LRIP 9 contract, LRIP 10 and LRIP 11. And I think your question specifically, George, was, did we give up margins associated with that. You should think of this as sort of bundling of a lot of things that got together the – I'll say the biggest thing that – and this was in Marillyn's comments. The biggest thing that we gave up during this bundling of activities or economic opportunities was we dropped the claim on the LRIP 9 unilateral and we feel good about that. Frankly, we're glad to have that behind us. And we think that the economic benefits of what we got collectively justified dropping that claim going forward. So we're good and we're glad to get that behind us. And then lastly, as you usually do, George, you did a good analysis on sort of the incremental margin in the quarter and it is higher. I think you said 17%, I think that's about right. Couple of things happened there and I think it's all good news as you might expect there. One of the bigger things that happened is we actually had some step ups associated with our international final assembly and checkout facilities. I think of this as both the Italian facility as well as the Japanese facility where we're doing the – as by definition, the final assembly and checkout of F-35s at those two locations. As you might expect, we started those efforts fairly low. It's not easy to sort of establish from essentially nowhere, a program of record and the ability to deliver aircraft at an international location. So we started looking those – both those locations and the work that we're doing to support those establishments pretty conservatively. It turns out, we're doing pretty good on those contracts and we're actually delivering aircraft out of the Italian FACO and expect to soon on the Japanese FACO as well. So, because of that, we were actually able to step up from our previous conservative numbers there and we feel good about where we are as we sit here today. So, thanks.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. So, helo deliveries for the year, in total, were down in the first quarter. As you saw from the earnings release we provided, I think we're down 14 in total between our commercial and military aircraft in the first quarter. We actually expect that to pick up in the next three quarters of the year, and actually finish the year just about at the exact same spot that we ended 2016 with in terms of deliveries; you should think of that as 180-plus helos in total. We did not deliver – I don't remember if you asked this question or not, Peter, but just to comment on it, we did not deliver any commercial helos in the first quarter. However, if you look at the outlook for the rest of the year, we do expect to deliver about the same number of commercial helos in 2017 as we did in 2016. Those helos are in the backlog as we sit here today, they're just phased differently in the year than they were last year. And then I think your – let's see, I think that just bakes into what's the – the military helicopters are the difference between the total in that 10 aircraft that I just talked about there. And I think your last question was on the LRIP 11 and booking guidelines and our booking guidance that we provided. We still expect to see – it's probably going to come in two tranches, Peter. Second quarter, we expect to get an undefinitized contractual action, very large one, associated with LRIP 11. So that will be a pretty significant order, pretty significant increase in book-to-bill in the quarter. And then we're hoping, and I think the government is hoping as well, to finalize and definitize the LRIP 11 contract by the third quarter of this year. We'll get another little bump associated with that definitization. And we do expect, as you said in the question, we do expect to finish the year at a greater than 1:1 – or 1.0, excuse me, book-to-bill ratio.
Bruce L. Tanner: No, Joe, I'm trying to think. The only thing that's happened over the last six months sort of negatively on the program, we did have this tube issue, which we refer to as the PAO tube issue, that we had to essentially make some modifications into some delivered aircraft to remove that – remove and replace that tubing, as well as change the process going forward. That had a slight hit to the overall performance on the program, but other than that, there's not – I'm thinking and I'm looking at Marillyn when I'm saying this, Joe, there's nothing structural that I would point to that's different than what we've been saying for the last couple years about our ability to sort of structurally grow the program's margins as we head into full rate production. So, I think the short answer to your question is no.
Bruce L. Tanner: Okay. Carter, I'll take a shot at those. So, I think just the overall booking rate adjustments, I think you're asking about the F-35 in particular, and we mentioned a couple. The biggest change in F-35 were for those two international...
Bruce L. Tanner: ...final assembly and checkout, yeah, final assembly and checkout facilities that I talked about before in Italy and Japan. And as I said, this is a good example where we perform – we had a couple of setbacks with some international programs. Here is some good news on the international side, where we actually did a very good job of establishing those facilities and are doing a good job at those facilities, and that resulted in the (31:28) that you saw in the first quarter. LRIP 9 through 11, I think your question relates to the three-year $15 billion or more objective that we established our goal that we established last, I guess, it was fourth quarter or first quarter of this year. I think it gives us an opportunity, Carter. It surely gives us greater clarity, because we've got better insight into established terms and conditions for the next three significant LRIP contracts in a row. So we won't have to, if you will, haggle over terms and conditions associated with cash collections. So, I'd like to think that gave us greater clarity, and I think it gives us some potential to have some better performance, F-35 related, relative to what we had expectation wise in that $15 billion as well. So, I think there is the possibility there that you were hinting at in your question. And then on the C-5, we did mention the profit being down, for the one aircraft being down. There was no really change in margins whatsoever, and there was – and I'll say an associated earnings reduction associated with the lower sales volume, but margin is exactly the same as it was a year ago, so no change there whatsoever.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Sorry. So, the Sikorsky, I think, we're really close, well let's back up. Sikorsky is always going to have, at least for a long period of time, the intangible amortization associated with the purchase accounting, if you will, for that acquisition. So you should think of Sikorsky getting $230 million or so a year, at least for the next few years and then I think it sort of gradually gets smaller than that. But we'll have that with us for – I think the period of amortization is something like 15 years. So, it's going to be with us a long time. That's going to be a drag there. As we look at kind of 2017, I think Sikorsky is actually going to be a positive for us in terms of absolute EBIT dollars, even with that drag. It's going to get a little, I'll say, messier going forward, because we've actually combined some things in with Sikorsky from the heritage Lockheed Martin performance. So, for instance, several of you have been to our facilities in Owego, New York, where we do or have done historically a lot of helicopter modification programs and helicopter enhancement programs, including the U.S. Navy's Romeo and Sierra, sort of submarine hunting helicopter and the mission packages that go with that. We've combined that together with what we are now referring to as Sikorsky, at least internally. And if you add that together with the piece that came from Owego, it's a strong positive to us in the year. But just focusing on Sikorsky going forward into 2018, we should see an uptick there, as we continue to sort of wean our way from the restructuring charges and some of the implementation cost that we have, in order to attain the savings that we expect to see. And we do expect to see those savings start to materialize in pretty good fashion starting in 2018. So that'll be our expectation. I think more importantly, as we've talked about in the past, 2018's cash flow is where we're expecting to see some pretty good sized increases and that's predominantly because of working off a lot of the development programs and especially things like the Canadian Maritime Helicopter program, where we're actually at a loss position when we acquire that business. And as we start to get out of the CMH – or not the CHMP, the CH-53K developments and the presidential helicopters and actually started converting these into production contracts. We should start seeing much stronger cash flows starting in 2018 to accompany the increase in earnings that I just talked about.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Pete, I'll take a shot at that. So it's EDGE-T, I know it well. Let me just give you a little bit of background, maybe just I think it'd be helpful in not just with where we got to go in the future, but maybe how we got here. I think as I look at this, what's sort of unusual about this is this is a firm fixed priced contract that includes a pretty substantial amount of developmental work. That's not something that we generally sign up for. I mean, typically in a perfect world, we'd like to deliver sort of products off our production lines internationally. On this one, we actually chose to do some development and almost by definition, when you do that at an international environment, you're going to do it on a fixed price basis. Frankly, that's one of the reasons why we like to do most of the development with U.S. government under a cost-reimbursable type contract as opposed to development contract – as opposed to fixed price, excuse me. We knew, going in, this would be a challenge to perform this work, but we had developed capabilities under our own IRAD dollars that we thought would make this essentially an off-the-shelf solution and we sort of priced it accordingly. And as it turns out, as we got into the implementation of this, the solution ended up being far less robust than what was needed. And I'll say the implementation environment was more complex than we expected. And there was also some evolving customer requirements and sort of some give and take that occurred, the longer the implementation took to deploy. So, all of those things led us to where we are today. Where we sit today, we think we have this sized appropriately. The milestones that you talked about going forward and probably what we won't talk about those milestones, because they're not necessarily large enough in the total scheme of things of Lockheed Martin to mention. But amongst them is finalizing this off-the-shelf system and putting it in place in country. We think we're about there. We're doing that and we think it's now has the capabilities that were promised in the contract. Now, it gets down to sort of the implementing and connecting a whole bunch of systems in country to this sort of command and control structure and making sure they all talk to each other and work each other. There's probably another two years, I'm going to guess, Pete, worth of the work to do. And we'll surely keep you apprised as we go through the next few quarters, if there's any issues there. But, we think we have this thing sized about right as we said – as I said earlier. I mean this is unfortunately not the first charge that we've taken on this contract. We took some charges throughout, I think, the last – the biggest one was in 2015. But, we sort of took some incremental changes in 2016, but we think we've sized this thing about right. The reason this was important to us, Pete, was – and the reason we took the chance to do an international program with fixed price development is, as Marillyn said in our opening remarks, no one's ever done this before. I mean, this – "some people, this is hard work." But the good news is if we do this hard work, there's a lot of international customers who would like to have this capability for their own integrated air missile defense systems. And we think there's even potentially a play to come back within the U.S. government for this capability as well. So it's pretty unique in its capabilities, but it was pretty difficult to do and we're hoping there's a tail of business that comes along with our successful completion of this contract.
Bruce L. Tanner: Sure, David. So, Missile and Fire Control (sic) [Missiles and Fire Control] (41:26), I probably have sounded like a broken record on this, but there is a lot of things going on, and we've talked about them in the past, but I'll probably repeat myself here a little bit. We had a number of some larger programs, especially, sort of the consumable OCO type contracts where we had HELLFIREs and guided multiple launch rocket systems, ATACMS missiles and the like, where we did – time after time would get continual orders on top of previous orders and we did well on those contracts. Sort of the volume aspects of that helped us a lot because there was quick need for those products and they did well for us. We also completed a couple of larger programs relative to PAC-3s, couple larger contracts that we also performed better than what we negotiated on. And all of this sort of culminated at the end of 2015, middle of 2016 where we had to start renegotiating those contracts over and basically, you snap a new line in the sand and you start off with your historical good performance and you've got to sort of achieve that again to make those sorts of margins. So, we had a bit of a reset, if you will, on the new business where we've done previously better than negotiated; and on the new business, we started off booking essentially at the negotiated amount, so that's part of it. The other part is, we have made some strategic bids in Missiles and Fire Control, and fortunately, we have been successful on a couple of those bids. Primary amongst that was the JAGM missile, the Joint Air-to-Ground missile, which is essentially the replacement long-term for the HELLFIRE missile. We did go into that, as you might expect, pricing it as this – if it was a strategic opportunity. We won that but what that says is during the development, parts of that program, its margin is much, much lower than what we would historically see at Missiles and Fire Control. There is a couple of other opportunities and development programs, not all of which we can talk about, that we either are performing on or we expect to and hope to win on, that also sort of drags to our historical level of higher margins on Missiles and Fire Control. And frankly, if we win those and perform on them as we expect, I would not expect to see huge improvements in the Missiles and Fire Control margins over the next couple of years. And that would be a good thing because the volume that we would have on that new business will be the type of business that will support us for literally decades to come. So it's worth sort of the strategic investments and the strategic bids that we put forward. But it does come at the expense of historically high margins. Having said that, I'm very pleased with Missile and Fire Control, it's not like they are our problem child whatsoever, we are still looking at just south of, what, 15% margins, so it's a highly, highly performing business, highest margin within the corporation still and we would expect that to be the case going forward.
Bruce L. Tanner: And Kyle, I'll take a shot at your other two questions. ULA, I think your analysis is right on. And you should think about it's really just the phasing in the year. We're still expecting that ULA will be about two thirds or so of the equity earnings that we'll get from that entity this year versus what we received last year. It just so happens the first quarter was disproportionately higher than it was compared to the first quarter of last year. But we would expect that to come back down to the levels we talked about other than the upper that we mentioned in the first quarter. They're going to come down to levels we talked about in the January call, that's still our expectation for ULA. And then lastly you asked around rev rec, revenue recognition standard that becomes effective January 1, 2018. I'll speak for myself here, Kyle, I'm starting to get insight into sort of rev rec the old way, if you will, and rev rec the new way. Our expectation and what we've disclosed in the Ks and the Qs is that we wouldn't expect to see a large change relative to our sales and/or earnings even though we are going to be changing some contracts that are currently on a delivery-based or what we call units-of-delivery-based method of sales recognition to a cost-to-cost methodology. So that will have some impacts on sort of our opening balance sheet under the new rev rec approach, as well as sort of our opening backlog position, but I wouldn't think the sort of the run rate if you will, of sales and earnings going forward would be a material difference at all and that's sort of what I'm seeing as I look at the data so far. We'll give you a whole lot more insight into that in the second quarter. And when we give you our third quarter trend information for 2018, my expectation is that we'll be able to give you a better insight as to exactly what we're expecting to see 2018's impact as a result of rev rec change, but again I wouldn't expect it to be very large.
Bruce L. Tanner: Exclusive of the pension after-tax; I think the answer is pretty close. If you take out the planned pension contribution for next year, I think the short answer is yes to that question. We are doing the outlook right now, $6 billion for the year, 2017, we sort of teed up when we gave the $15 billion three-year goal of every year at or around $5 billion or so. With that $5 billion, I think it's pretty close; it's close enough that that'd probably be a good challenge for us to try to figure out how to make that happen.
