Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Sort of a mouthful there, Jason. Let me try to cover all of these things. So margins, we talked about C-130, air missile defense system, other programs. So, C-130, we're just coming off of a number of contracts that were negotiated essentially with the same timeframe, and we're about to start delivering next year actually. The first aircraft associated with the multi-year contract that we're – we've just reached the handshake agreement here within the last couple of weeks. So, as you can imagine, we've done very well based on our previously reported results on those aircrafts where it's sort of a reset, if you will. When you start negotiating the next contract, you start with the exit performance in mind. And then you have to start seeing if you can improve off of that now higher bar, if you will, of that performance. So that's sort of the C-130. Again, as I said, that we did reach handshake within the last couple of weeks. The air and missile defense program, kind of a similar story, a lot of PAC-3 negotiations. So the early stages of that program, we performed very well, again sort of reset some of those contracts going forward. We just – we reached agreement on fiscal year 2014 and 2015 here recently although none of those, including the Multiyear are, at this point, definitized. We suspect that they will be before the end of the year. And then I talked about strategic bids. So just to rattle off a few of them and you should think of this as sort of impacting a lot of the business areas, not just one single business area but things like the bomber program that we're hopeful is announced this year. Obviously a very strategic bid, obviously one that does have long-term value creation for the corporation but one that we did view very strategically and we bid it accordingly. You can also think of programs such as a number of radar programs like, for instance, the Long Range Discriminating Radar, the 3DELRR program. Within our Missiles and Fire Control business, a couple of things going on there, so programs like the Joint Air-To-Ground Missile, the JAGM, that we ran recently. It's essentially the replacement of the HELLFIRE missile, obviously an important franchise program for us going forward. And then, within the ground combat vehicles, although it's still under protest, the LTV was one of those. You may not have been watching quite as closely the Amphibious Combat Vehicle for the Marine Corps but that's another one that we're tracking very closely. And then, you didn't mention that, Jason, but in the remarks that I made a comment about a number of sort of overseas contingency operations programs being expected not to be funded at the same levels going forward as they were in 2015 and previously. Think of that as there's a lot of use of the sort of the expandable items that those programs make up with sort of unplanned orders that increased the volume of activity unexpectedly higher than we have priced, and we have the benefit of that unplanned volume. We're not planning on that in 2015 going forward. So, I think that hopefully covered a bunch of the items you were talking about, Jason. And I'll stop there and go to the next question.
Bruce L. Tanner: Pete, I'll take that one. I don't see a whole lot of swing one way or the other quite honestly in 2016. The vast majority of sales that will be recognized in 2016 are already in backlog or we would expect them to already be in – to be in backlog by the end of this year. Essentially, other than, again, IS&GS which is the short sort of turn business within the corporation, we would not expect orders that would be received in the fourth quarter of this year, the first year of the fiscal year for the government to necessarily translate into a lot of sales next year. And you should think that as a continuing resolution, you can't have new start programs, you can't spend more in the new fiscal year than the prior fiscal year. The rest of the business areas like IS&GS, that's not going to be a hindrance. I mean, again, we're expecting that business area to actually decrease in the volume. So, we wouldn't expect to have a huge impact from what we're guiding as a result of the CR. But conversely, as I said, we wouldn't expect to see upside either.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. Sure, Rich. Let me take a shot of that. I'll probably maybe give you more color than you maybe really want for that, but – so you should think of this affecting a number of very large programs, specifically just to name two, but it's not limited to those two, the C-130J Multiyear and the LRIP 9 negotiation. Again, C-130J, we did reach handshake, as I said earlier to Jason, just a couple of weeks ago. We're still in the process of negotiating LRIP 9. But on both contracts, think of this as where we received initial funding to start work. This is typically described as sort of long-lease funding or advance procurement funding. We literally take that money and begin to work with our supply chain to start funding the supply chain. It doesn't honestly go in the earlier stages to do a whole lot of work for Lockheed Martin because we're further down that food chain, if you will, than our suppliers. In both cases, we ran out of funding provided. In both cases, we asked for additional funding. And in both cases, we were told that none would be provided until those contracts were actually negotiated. This was a little change, frankly, from historical – my experience at least, historically as to how we get funding. Ordinarily you get long-lease funding; when you reach the end of that long-lease funding, you ask for additional funding which usually comes in the form of an undefinitized contractual action, or UCA, as it's called, or you actually end up with a negotiated contract. For whatever reason, the government in this case decided not to fund until we reached negotiation. And so, we were faced with a decision of do we actually disrupt the supply chain – and you can imagine the kind of disruption that that creates, telling potentially hundreds of thousands – hundreds to thousands, excuse me, of suppliers to stop work, furlough their employees, potentially lay off employees and then having to restart that effort. And most of our supply chains simply can't afford to fund this on their own. So, with that in mind, we decided to continue funding those programs, again, primarily funding our suppliers as opposed to Lockheed Martin. You should think also that the funding needs on these programs starts to accelerate pretty dramatically at certain points in time. In the case of both of those programs, from the summer time until the end of the year the funding needs increase dramatically. And that's why we disclosed that in the earnings released to you today; that's why we'll disclose that in the 10-Q that you'll see in a couple of days. I'll tell you, we have elevated this to various senior levels at the Pentagon. We've been told that funding will be provided on both those programs, but it does require, I'll say, a lot of paperwork, notifications, contract modifications and the like to make it happen. We think that will occur this year, but obviously a lot of cash is tied up. And we want to make sure that we at least notified you of that. Honestly, it's a little bit difficult for me to understand as to why we're in this situation. You really have to ask the folks in the Pentagon as to why we're in this spot. As far as – you did ask the question, as far as cash in 2015 (sic) [2016], above or below 2015, we do need – we identified the value of the two particular items for both the Multiyear and the F-35; it's worth about $0.75 billion. But timing-wise, we need to get that probably notification and ability to bill sometime before Thanksgiving typically to sort of get that by the end of the year. That's not always the case. Sometimes we can get it if it happens in the early December timeframe. But just to be certain, that's when it would sort of be helpful to make that happen. And you should think of this, between the two years, 2015 and 2016, if it doesn't happen in 2015 it will happen in 2016. You should think of the two years still being the same cash value, just how much of that happens in 2015 versus 2016. So, current plan is $5 billion and $5 billion. If we were short, $750 million, we would add that $750 million to next year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. No effect on – I think just to repeat your question, the initial segment margin outlook, in years past we sort of talked about potential to do better than that going forward. I'll say, Noah, 2016 initial guidance that we're providing is very similar in terms of expectations of upside or downside as to what we've done in years past. If you go back and look at 2014 and 2015, for instance, from the start of the year to the end of the year we saw improvements in both of those years in terms of the overall company segment margin because we performed better on certain programs, and that has enabled us to take step-ups during the year that resulted in that higher performance, that higher segment margin. So, as I always say, I think we have the same opportunities. As I look at 2016, that doesn't make it happen just because I think there are opportunities there. It actually takes a lot of work to make those materialize, but we surely believe we are sitting here with the same opportunities as we had in 2014 and 2015. And then I think you tried to link that with the potential reductions that Marillyn talked about. I don't see a whole lot of swing around those, even if those were at the full value that was reported in the press, which I don't particularly think there's a high likelihood of that, but I wouldn't expect that to have a very significant impact on the overall company margins at all.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. You bet, Carter. So, sorry if I wasn't clear in the words to begin with on the IS&GS, but the latter is the short answer to that. IS&GS is decreasing at a faster rate than the single-digit – high-single-digit rate of growth for aeronautics in 2016. So, IS&GS will be decreasing at higher than a high-single-digit rate in 2016, if that makes sense. And then to your question as to Sikorsky and the timing and how that potentially changes integration costs and synergy costs, I wouldn't expect they would have a huge impact on the integration costs or the ability to achieve synergy. We're still looking at spending, and I think the last time I talked to you, $80 million to $100 million or so of integration costs probably in the first year. And that's in large part to accelerate the synergies that we expect are there with the Sikorsky integration. We expect that will still take place in 2016. What will change or what will not necessarily change but will be greater clarity is that now a lot of the transaction costs associated with closing of the Sikorsky deal will hit in the fourth quarter of this year. So, you should think of that rough order of magnitude, and I hope we're on the lower end of this, but probably accounting for $0.10 to $0.15 impact to earnings per share in the year. And we thought about that relative to describing that in the guidance we provided. But we're still hopeful, quite honestly, that we can have an R&D research and development tax credit that will pass this year and that offsets – that actually more – probably maybe more than offsets that impact of the transaction cost of 2016. So net-net, we would expect to see those costs hit in the fourth quarter, but we're also hopeful that the R&D tax credit more than mitigates that also in the fourth quarter.
Bruce L. Tanner: Okay. So, Myles, we're going to give you in January a whole lot more insight into Sikorsky, assuming it closes in the fourth quarter of this year. We made some – obviously when we did the due diligence process with Sikorsky we made some relative assumptions as to, I'll say, the conforming accounting that we expect to do. I tried to tee that up, I think, in the last call, and I literally don't have any better information to give you than what I provided to you on the July call. I'll give you, I think, much great insight into that when we actually provide the formal guidance in January not just for the rest of the company but for Sikorsky in particular as well, again, assuming we close that in the fourth quarter. As far as the $5 million of cash next year, it obviously depends on when the strategic review culminates. We're looking at depending on whether it's a sale, a spin or a Reverse Morris Trust somewhere in probably the middle of next year to the third quarter of next year. So, I would like to think that we may be able to offset most of that if it were to spin or be sold or did a Reverse Morris Trust next year. Again, with both the spin or Reverse Morris Trust or the sale, we would expect to get cash proceeds back. I know that's not operating cash flow but it would be greater, frankly, than whatever the shortfall is that we would expect to lose with the transfer of that business outside of the corporation. So, probably a little bit of a wishy-washy answer, but I don't know given the timing of when that deal would close and the timing of the cash flow in the year for IS&GS just to really give me a good idea what that benefit would look like or detriment.
Bruce L. Tanner: So, Peter, you asked about just some of the larger maybe international pursuits in 2016 that we're looking to accomplish. Probably first and foremost, that is a THAAD sale to Qatar. This has been in discussions for quite some time and it's ongoing quite frankly, but we think that ultimately it will close in 2016. Marillyn just mentioned littoral combat ship as part of the SNEP program in Saudi Arabia. We'll see if that's able to close in 2016, but I think the prospects just got better with the congressional notification that we saw yesterday. There's numerous F-35 international buys sort of all co-mingled within the LRIP 9 and LRIP 10 contracts that we're negotiating there. But those do contain significant quantities of international customers. And then maybe just to finalize the thought there, we expect to have some modification, at least one fairly good-sized modification program on F-16s and we haven't given up on selling new F-16s to at least a couple of different prospects. And we're hopeful we can get at least one of those deals closed in 2016. So that's four, probably more than that if you include the multiple numerous customers with an F-35. Those are some of the larger ones next year.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So, Doug, I'll try to answer that. I think the biggest reason that you don't see that is, one, we've seen some delays in negotiations. As I said, we just now finished actually negotiating here – I say just now, here recently we just finished negotiating both the FY 2014 and FY 2015 Patriot deals, the factory deals. Those orders, when they're finalized, are pretty good-sized. We typically don't see at Missiles and Fire Controls the sort of multi-year orders like you might associate with the aircraft programs at aeronautics. They tend to be individual fiscal year buys. So because we don't sort of reach forward and get multiple fiscal years in a combined buy, you don't see the increases in backlog that you might experience with Missiles and Fire Control. We do expect through – as you look at the year 2015, we do expect to end the year at higher levels of backlog than we began the year for Missiles and Fire Control by as much as about $1.5 billion. So it's not like it's shrinking. It is growing. It's growing at a clip. But it's not growing leaps and bounds like you would expect to see with a large multiyear program. That's simply not the way those products are typically being bought.
Bruce L. Tanner: I'll take on the first one, Rob. The F-35 LRIP 9 negotiation and margin risk if this is not done. Rob, I would characterize this as sort of par for the course, typical. I mean this is what we've been going through with F-35 for quite some time. I'll say that the numbers that we talk about for 2016, because there's so little impact of LRIP 9 affecting the P&L in 2016, I wouldn't expect to see a huge swing no matter sort of what we negotiated margin-wise on LRIP 9. And maybe I'll let Marillyn answer the broader CR question, but you asked a specific one about 19 aircraft on the F-35, if there is sort of a full-year continuing resolution. I think that number is about right. That's the number that the Pentagon has talked about. Again, we wouldn't expect to see much of an impact of that affecting 2016. You would start to see that pick up steam in 2017 and 2018 and beyond. I'll remind you we do record revenue and earnings on a cost-to-cost basis as opposed to units of delivery. So, those 19 aircraft would stop having less growth than we had expected to have happen, but not much in 2016. It would start happening in 2017 and beyond.
Bruce L. Tanner: I'll try that, Sam. So, third quarter Space was actually down about 5% in the quarter. We should think of that – we had a commercial launch last year and none this year. That was probably the biggest driver for the reduction. There's a lot of pieces sort of moving around, but that wasn't the biggest reason for the delta.
Bruce L. Tanner: Oh, the year, I'm sorry, for the full year. Yeah, so, we've had – the overall year performance had been very good. We've had extremely good performance on our government satellite contracts, and we actually have had some upticks from an EBIT perspective as well with the F-35 – from the ULA joint venture that your next question asked about. So sort of the combined. We're seeing really, really good performance out of Space Systems on their legacy programs. Think of it as the satellite programs like SBIRS and Advanced EHF. But also on the launch vehicle business with ULA, we're seeing some more equity earnings there. As to the other question on the ULA JV, we haven't decided anything differently about the ULA JV despite what's in the press, Sam, so I'm not going to comment on that at this point in time. And then I think your last question was on CapEx for next year and how we should think of that. You should think of that as being essentially comparable to this year's level, maybe a little bit higher. But I'll tell you every year, as we look out to the next year, people think we're going to spend more in CapEx, and we tend to not do that as we go throughout the year. So, for right now, I'll just say probably pretty comparable to this year's level.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yes. So, Seth, I don't think we see much dependency whatsoever on a budget outcome. I don't – and again, I'll just go back to – if you look at this business and what the projections are for this business, they're sort of unaffected by the budget outcome in terms of continuing resolution and the like because again continuing resolution would put a hindrance on new starts, programs that are growing fiscal year over fiscal year. We don't have a whole lot of that in this business. And I wouldn't expect that to have much of an impact as far as deciding what to do with the businesses on a strategic review as a result of that.
Bruce L. Tanner: Yeah. So there's a lot of – depending on the structure, David, there's a lot of just moving pieces that try to predict the outcome there. You should think of a spin as essentially a left pocket, right pocket to our shareholders, right, because the value of the business under a spin would simply be held by the same shareholders that hold Lockheed Martin stock today. So total effect on shareholders is not – should be inconsequential in that view. I understand the dilution if you look at the after-Lockheed Martin, but there is a lot of moving pieces that could affect that. Obviously, the amount of cash that we get back, whether it's a sale, obviously we get back a lot more cash. Whether it's a split or not as part of the spin/merge, there's a lot of different moving pieces there that are just at this point hard to predict. We'll have, I think, a whole lot more fidelity and a whole lot better insight on that when we finally reach a final decision of the outcome or the path for the outcome in December. And again, we're going to communicate that to you just as soon as we get there.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Let me take your first question, Noah. I did see the press that was around a 30% overhead reduction. Let me just put some color around that for you. I mean, we are always looking at our business structure and looking at different excursions we should take in order to keep our business competitive within the business environment that we operate in. So I'm looking to target the 20%, 30%, 40%. I mean that – so just to put it in perspective, this is a matter of us constantly looking at where the opportunities are for us to be as affordable as we can and how we adjust our business base to the business environment that we're operating in. We look at the supply chain. We look at overhead and we look at performance of the business areas. Every year, the business areas set affordability targets that they then look at both production and overhead cost reductions that they can take, improvements in their processes. And similarly, we do that at the corporate level. So that's the essence of that. Bruce, I think you'll take the next part.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Yes. I'll be happy to. Thanks for the question, Ron. I guess, I've had a lot of discussions with Frank Kendall and others about this policy statement that he put out and respectfully I told him that we disagree with that, that his general conclusion and his rationale that consolidation in the industry is bad for the industry. There's really no evidence to support that. There's no evidence to support that with our Sikorsky acquisition that we reduce competition or inhibit innovation in any way. And in fact, if you look at our performance, we have consistently delivered the best and most sophisticated defense capabilities in the world. We're going to – we intend to continue to do that. We successfully compete for opportunities that come about, and we invest in advanced technologies every day. We offer cost-effective solutions. We wouldn't be able to be reporting out the type of financial results that you're seeing and have been seeing for the last several years without performing well. And we're performing well for the Department of Defense. We're performing well for other government agencies and for other countries around the world in what we're doing. And so I wholeheartedly disagree that through consolidation, through some change in size of a business, that that's going to impede our innovation and somehow inhibit our innovation. I recognize that from the perspective of the Department of Defense, they have to make sure they've got a competitive industrial base. And so that – they have to maintain that proper balance. But really, we believe that you have to continue to look at how you can be most effective. It's not about the size of the company. It's about performance. I mean that's been the standard for – in our free enterprise system forever. And I think it's what makes us strong as a nation. And, actually, if you consider what would the alternative be to be a smaller company and break it up, it could actually cost you more. I think the – with the economies of scale that come with what we can bring together in our business, and how we can invest in research and development, how we can invest in the capital expenditures that we need to. And as Bruce just described to you, how we can help to fund suppliers through a period of – between contract negotiations, we would not be able to do that if we didn't have the economies of scale that we have today. So bottom line, as you can feel – hear it from my passion in my voice, we do not believe the consolidation will inhibit innovation in the industry. Thank you for the question.
Marillyn A. Hewson: Thanks for the question, Peter. We are just continuing to see strong demand in the international marketplace for our programs. Missile defense continues to be a big driver for a lot of the Asia-Pacific and Middle East countries, things like THAAD, Aegis, Aegis Ashore, Patriot needs. There is a continued demand for that. You know that we continue to have the demand for our tactical aircraft, the F-16, the F-35; and as well as mobility, C-130J. In terms of oil prices, we're really not seeing a pullback on expenditures for oil prices because, frankly, these countries are looking to meet their essential national security needs. And many of them have deep reserves, countries like the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Qatar and the UAE and others. And really, they're not – we don't see them pulling back at all on what they need to do in terms of purchasing their missile defense, their fighters. And now I think you probably have seen that Saudi is doing their naval expansion program where they've already committed to purchasing MH-60 Romeo helicopters. And now, there is a process underway with the LCS being – there is a positive momentum on their acquisition of the LCS. They have now the congressional notification for them to purchase up to four littoral combat ships for their multi-mission surface combatant. And so, we stand ready to support that sale because what they're interested in is a freedom-class LCS experience that we produce, which could – we could potentially get under contract sometime next year. We're making great progress. We achieved 20% international sales. We're now on a path to 25% of international sales. We have – for 2014, we had about $20 billion in international in our backlog, so we continue to see a strong pull for our portfolio internationally. And as I travel around the world, I just returned from the Middle East and there continue to be a strong demand.
Marillyn A. Hewson: I would just to add to that that we are getting strong expressions of interest from a lot of different parties ranging from strategic buyers to non-strategic buyers. And I think that makes the point that these are high quality assets and it's a very strong business portfolio. So it just reaffirms our belief that this is the kind of business that would benefit from a lower cost structure outside of Lockheed Martin. And we feel very strongly that we'll be able to come to a conclusion by the end of the year on what the path forward is for that element of our business to make it more competitive and stronger in the marketplace.
Marillyn A. Hewson: So let me just conclude the call today. I want to end by reiterating that the corporation had another solid quarter and we continue to be well-positioned to deliver substantial value to our customers and to our stockholders. We'll continue to progress toward a successful closure for 2015 and as we look ahead in 2016. Thanks again for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking to you on the next earnings call in January. And let me just turn it back over to you, Karen, to conclude our call.
