John Mollard: Yeah. Thanks, Richard. It's John. I'll take both parts of that two-part question. So first, in regards to the assumptions in and around the budget vary based on. We're using the president's budget of $715 billion for the government fiscal year 2022 in the trending information we've given you. I'd say we're encouraged by the direction of the various committee markups as they reflect really good support for a number of our programs. And to your question about how much if any of this will come through in 2022, the answer to that question is going to be based on how much incremental funding is actually appropriated, how long it takes for that appropriated funding to end up getting on contract with us and us following that down to our supply chain.  And then the third factor is what specific programs the incremental appropriations are applied to. It's easier, obviously, to maintain programs at current run rates than it is to accelerate programs. So any programs that we're planning in a trend down would be really good candidates for being able to see opportunities in 2022 related to increased appropriations. I'll finish this action by saying, obviously, by the time we're in January when we're giving you an updated outlook for 2022, we should have a lot more clarity in and around the budgetary trends. Now, turning to your second part, which had to do with -- we'd previously given multiyear -- operating cash flow guidance and of course, all these metrics are going to be assuming the R&D tax change does not go into effect our prior guidance was like 89991.  You've seen we've got our guidance now at 83 for this year and 84 for next year. And I will say we anticipate higher than 84 operating cash flow guidance as we look ahead to 2023. But really the only factor that's changed since the multiyear guidance we gave before is in the level and the duration of the accelerated payments we're planning to make to our supply chain. I think I mentioned in the script, we have previously in that 89991 track assumed we would be accelerating $1.2 billion worth of accelerated payments of the supply chain at year-end -- at the end of this year.  But then the assumption was the pandemic would be behind us in 2022, we'd unwind that program, we'd end 2022 with no accelerated payments being made through our supply chain. Our current forecast, the 83 and 84 assumes we're at $1.5 billion of accelerated payments at the end of this year and $1.5 billion of accelerated payments at the end of 2022. So the pandemic impacts are behind us. Before we end year-end 2022, our guide of 84 would increase by that $1.5 billion.
John Mollard: Yeah. Absolutely. So Rob, I mean, just to kind of put stop with what Jim was saying to give a little color. The four categories that Jim mentioned is scripted remarks, Hypersonics, classified growth and programs record and competitive new starts. When I look at that subset of revenue, for those 4 categories in 2021, it's in the neighborhood of $17 billion. Over the period growing out through for the next 5 years, that set of activity, assuming we hit our operational marks, assuming these programs continue on their programs of record, and we win our share of these competitive new business opportunities that we've talked about, that $17 billion worth of program revenue today will grow at about 9% compound annual growth rate, which gives me some level of comfort that the longer-term trends that Jim has talked about will hold just to reiterate.  We're expecting a slight decline in 22 and bounce back in 2023. And then I would say increasing growth and increasing growth rates going forward now. Yes. On the topic of margins, I think 11% is a good working target for us given the evolution in our portfolio and the activity that we see going forward. I just highlighted the four categories that we'll be seeing growth, a lot of those are new start programs. There is going to be some growth in programs are record which we would hope to turn into accretive margin program. But there is a lot of growth in new start areas, developmental areas. The good news is we will get -- there will be cost reimbursable contracts, will have assurance of recovery of the costs we're incurring.  But they by definition will be lower margin activities moving forward. And I should mention, and this is just to get this on the record early, there are certain classified activities that we can't talk about but if those programs continue to progress along the track that they're on, my expectation is we will be making investments in some of those programs out in the '23, '24, '25 timeframe that will be dilutive to margins. But I think in balance on 11% operating margin is a good metric for us.
John Mollard: Sure, George. Thanks for the question. So if you go back to our first second quarter press releases that -- we probably haven't the year-to-date. AWE first quarter activity this year was $440 million, AWE activity in the second quarter was $435 million some those still you get the $875 million level of activity, we saw probably higher than what you might have remembered because you had a lot of wrap-up associated activity that took place, but say $875 million in 2021 that won't recur. And maybe what I'll do is do a high level sort of around the horn of how those the headwinds and tailwinds play out by segment.  The first segment we talked about is Aeronautics. As we look ahead to '22 we're expecting low single-digit growth rates in Aeronautics with a slight increase in margins, think of 10-20 basis point range. Within Missiles and Fire Control, we're actually expecting a slight decline, a low -- think of it as a low-single-digit decline with margins slightly lower than 2021 levels at again, 10 - 20 basis points. If you go to RMS, we're expecting a low single-digit decline as well, with margins maybe up to 40 basis points below what we going to end up with in 2021. And then finally at Space, we're expecting mid-single-digit declines. Obviously, that's where the AWE reduction takes place. With margins comparable to what we were expecting for 2021.
John Mollard: Yeah. Pete, good question. And I think a large part of the impact that our supply chain is facing our, in our suppliers that are dual use. I mean, they're supplying to both commercial aerospace and defense. So if we're looking at parts of the supply chain that are strictly defense, they're probably not nearly as stress financially as our dual use suppliers, people that don't make landing gear for us and they'll make landing gear for commercial aircraft, they make brakes.  Those are the suppliers that have fixed operating costs that have seen substantial revenue decreases on the commercial supply on that have really caught in to their operating cash flow. And we think it's the right thing to do. We have access to capital, we have access to cash at extremely good rate. We generate a lot of cash flow. It's in -- as Jim said, it's in the industry's interest, it's in our customers interest, and frankly, there is an element of self-preservation here, we need our supply chain to be successful for us to be successful. So while it's voluntary, it's not a 100% Altria. I mean, we need to make commitments. We need especially our dual use vendors and partners, our supply chain partners to be successful for the long term.
John Mollard: And Ron, this is John. Just to pile on to what Jim said. He's done a very good job of articulating a strategy from an external perspective, but as guided spend with this Company for over 30 years, what I most see and resonate with is how gyms actively change in the culture across Lockheed Martin internally. To embrace any kind of innovative technology, despite where they come from we've had allowed of really bright creative scientists and engineers, but we don't have to invent the solution to every single problem. And historically we've struggled with some level of not-invented-here, which probably may come as no surprise to somebody yet.  What Jim has been stressing and our team is getting is, we need to identify and partner with whoever does have the best solution in an industry agnostic manner. And I think we're doing a pretty good job of that in our ventures, investment fund, where we're going to startups, and seeing the art of the possible. We're starting to get pull demand from the business areas for some of these technologies, which I personally view as a huge step in the right direction. And it's drive in that mindset, the openness to technology across the entire R&D and engineering community. So I haven't seen a change and I appreciate the direction from an internal perspective.
John Mollard: Today, we're doing [Indiscernible], and in that [Indiscernible] is a billion-and-a-half that was not there. So we're up $300 million. I'm telling you, today, our [Indiscernible] is going to be higher -- will be higher than [Indiscernible] in 2023. Depending on how much we still have to accelerate in 2023, are that number can be anywhere from a billion dollars higher to $100 million higher or $200 million higher. So the punch line is if you think about the two years, '21 and '22 were ahead, dependent on the outcome of where COVID is and either '22 or '23, we could be equal to or slightly behind the prior multiyear guidance if that makes sense.
John Mollard: Yes. Just to make sure we're on 100% the same baseline. The old guidance was 89, 90, 91. Today, let's just use as a baseline 83, 84 and 85, that's down $1.8 billion. If we're at 85, we've got over a billion dollars of assumed advances at the end of 2023. So you could say notionally, where we're sitting here today over the three-year period were down $800 million and some of that is driven by what I've now assumed in terms of -- we have an internal term. It's funding that we are authorization spending we do in advance of contract turn - ons based on history, there's a high likelihood that some of these programs on a shift from development to production, but customer funding profiles aren't going to align with need dates. we are anticipating that we will be carrying a substantial amount of costs associated with that transition.
John Mollard: Hey, Cai, it's John, I'll take that. If you look at our operating cash flow and free cash flow or net debt retirements over the -- I'll stick to the first three years of the plan. Our excess cash balances would allow us to do the $6 billion we're talking about and still have enough liquidity to run the business, so that's point 0.1. The $6 billion is just deploying what would otherwise have been set in my bank account, earning 25 basis points. That's 0.1. 0.2 with AJRD, our original expectation was, we were probably finance call it 3 billion of the 4.5 and used cash for the other 1.5 billion. I'm leaning now towards, especially given how low financing rates are, maybe financing the entire acquisition.  But kind of more broadly, the way I think about acquisitions and I know Jim and I are absolutely in a 100% violent agreement on this. If you can find M&A that has the right operational fit, the right culture fit, and the right strategic fit, M&A pays for itself. I mean, it's free. You have to finance some upfront but if it's a good deal, you're going to get your money back very quickly. So I view like Jim does, M&A is not a drain on your Balance Sheet. Our Balance Sheet, as you know, is single A. Our metrics would support a higher rating.  We're a minus for the two that do use the A minus scale. Conversations I've been having was it's hard to justify why we're in A minus instead of a flat A. The punch line is we've got a tremendous amount of firepower. If as Jim talked about the discipline and dynamic capital allocation process says, we need to put additional resources in here, there or wherever. We're going to have the ability to do that.
John Mollard: It's John. I'll take the question. I would characterize the '21 to '22 headwinds as maybe being unique to us in some regards, although companies have a lot of exposure or had a lot of exposure to Afghanistan, for example. They may have similar headwinds. But I'd say the '21 to '22 headwinds are maybe confined to us, but the out-year growth, I think when I looked at the last track on the President's Budget, the growth rate was 2%. A year for government fiscal year '23, '24, '25 and out. I see that as a center point. Again, if we're able though, to prevail in competitions, I see a path for us to grow faster than that rate. We need to perform on our programs, we need to deliver helicopters and airplanes on our committed schedules, and if we do that, I see upside to the 2% growth that's in the President's budget.
John Mollard: Yes. Thanks, Sheila. I think its growth and opportunities across the big four categories that Jim has articulated. A lot of our potential upside in 2023 is going to come from programs that are right now in operational testing, assuming they're able to achieve success through that, those test programs they are going to migrate into production. In the period where you still have an overlap between development and production that's where you're going to start seeing some bulge and that kind of transition ties into the probably to extended discussion how with Myles, about if you look out at the 2023 year yield, you acumen to three years while you slightly down from the last guide.  I think we're going to be successful, we're going to need to bridge those programs to maintain their critical schedule, so we're going to carry a financial backstop against them. But there is absolutely no doubt the growth is going to come out of hypersonics, classified and growth in the programs are record. I mean, Jim mentioned PAC-3 growing 200 million going from '21 to '22. In '21 we're going to deliver 350 routes, were going to be delivering 500 in 2023 and 550 million in 2025. So PAC-3 growth is going to be very strong in that period of time and CH-53K really starts levering. And if we -- when we prevail on the Future Vertical Lift Program, you will see an inflection point as well.
James Taiclet: George, it's Jim. Just to give you a little more color on, just pick one RMS. John already mentioned the Black Hawk is going to be down next year-to-year, and the CH-53K is up. They actually offset each other. So in 2022 it's a launch between, let's call it those two programs. And then similarly we get combat rescue helicopter upside, maybe 100 million, but probably the plan is VH-92A production down about 100 to 150 million they upset. You might remember that we were part of the Australia Future Conventional Sub program.  Well, that's gotten deferred into a nuclear submarine propulsion option, and we're going to compete for that, but it's going to be a while before that kicks in. There's another 150, so. There are puts and takes in every VA, if you will. And it's part of -- again, new administration, some changes in priorities, changes in alliances. I think they all settle out to the good, but it's going to take a couple of years to get through all that kind of maneuvering. And we're going to do the best we can in the next couple of years to make sure that there's a flattish period for our Company.  As far as revenue, we're going to really Double down or triple down on returning cash to shareholders because we've got it. And the other thing I'd say, George real quick to add on to something that John said earlier. We are voluntarily continuing our acceleration of payments to supply chain. This is something for the good of the industry, for the good of the customer and we will want to contribute as all of us are in our own ways in this country to recovering from COVID. And again, when -- as John said, when COVID subsides, we will get that cash flow number back to where you thought it was going to be in the first place. So just a couple of color commentaries on there because I think you guys are asking some really good questions.
James Taiclet: When you're run a business, Ron in a dynamic industry with changing government, when government is your major customer, you've got to be agile, right? Now the first thing you mentioned is the long-term strategy to companies. We're going to deliver on our programs of record where that drive operational excellence, but we're driving it towards a mission-oriented paradigm at the end of the day at Lockheed Martin versus a product paradigm, which we've been operating under since at least before World War II. So that paradigm is still there. We're working towards it.  In the meantime, we got to deliver for you all as shareholders financially and we got to deliver for our customers operationally. But I'm getting -- I'd like to think tremendous traction with senior government officials in the U.S. and elsewhere that understand that while our industry and their purchase of our products and services over the years has been effective, it's largely effective in the physical world, if you will. [inaudible 00:48:29] world. We're really good at technologies like Hypersonics, Space Travel, Precision Weapons, etc.  Those are [Indiscernible] world we're really good at that as an industry and our customer knows how to buy that stuff. Well, we're not as good as we need to be in the defense industry is merging that excellence in the physical world that we can bring to national defense. But merging that with the developments, the accelerated developments in the digital world by companies that have specialized in things like 5G and AI distributed computing and networking. Because if we merge those two things together in the ways that we're forecasting and we're building technology roadmaps to do, we will increase the effectiveness of our current set of platforms and a faster and more robust way than can be done, and just using the attributes in the physical world technologies.  We're going to keep doing all of that, but we can actually turn on an after burner for mission capability for our customers by accelerating those digital technologies into our space and that is our strategy. The benefit of that is in addition to having a more effective national defense at relatively efficient cost, is that it will make our platforms more attractive than relative at the other OEMS platforms, because we intend to build the Architecture first with its path liners with some of our platforms and bringing others as we get some success. That is a strategy of the Company.  It is not changed in IOTA, but our capital allocation strategies had to change because of dynamic situations we find ourselves in externally. And in our M&A, approach has had to evolve because there's not that much supply out there in our industry as far as acquisition candidates have any scale and a regulatory environment is also shifting a bit. So we're shifting with it and we're saying okay, we still got our baseline strategy. Twenty-First Century warfare is we're, we need to end up down the road with our customer. We wanted to get there partly through acquisition like Aerojet Rocketdyne and i3 to get the technology is mainly in the physical world that we need to move those things forward.  But the M&A window isn't that open right now for valuation, availability, and regulatory regime. We just think in doing the things that you have to do when you're running an actual business in the real-world, which is being agile. The one thing I want to add to that because there may be some misconception about -- Ron. Thank you for the question. By the way, it open this up. I want to make absolutely clear that our M&A approach, does not and has not included the acquisition of major commercial technology or telecom companies.  We're not trying to become that. We want to use their IP, their people to accelerate that kind of technology, that digital technology in our world. So our approach is to partner with industry leaders in those spaces via commercial agreements, licensing, joined teaming, and participation standards bodies to accelerate those capabilities into our technology road maps. We have no intention of acquiring emerging with any of those major commercial sector companies. So yeah, you've got to be dynamic and agile when you run a business this big in the real world, and that's what we're up to. And we still have our target being the past liner towards 21st Century National Defense.
James Taiclet: So you don't get the full benefit of a 1.5 billion because this is a rolling -- a roll-off, if you will, quarter-to-quarter as you go through the year. So there's some subset of that as John is saying. Depending when the music stops, we will be able to then elevate the cash flow we report because we didn't do a quarter or two of the typical flow - throughs to the supply chain.
James Taiclet: And from a leverage perspective, we've got upside. I mean, we're -- we've got a strong Balance Sheet and really tried to emphasize in the prepared remarks that we see tremendous value in share repurchase at these pricing levels. We will go to the capital markets to get the resources to make the smartest capital allocation at that point in time, and we'll manage the leverage as we go. And we can do it all. Everything you said, we can do it all and maintain a reasonable leverage ratio, I believe, and a strong credit rating. I also, and John also believe so.
James Taiclet: And in MFC more specifically, the PAC-3 production is going to go up and we've been investing in that capacity as you know. But it's going to go up a couple 100 million and then again, if you do puts and takes that special ops logistics support program itself was [Indiscernible]. In MFC, just that one program takes away all the PAC-3 growth year-over-year into '22, and then we had probably not as well known but a for the for MFC is significant cancellation in the UK there's no warrior armored vehicle program that was canceled by the UK government and that was another $100 million downdraft. And then that is tailing off a little bit too now and production rates. not much, but another 100 million.  So you really have to dig in the details in each VA to see why '21, '22, '23 effects are happening. But we really are focusing on 2023 plus, so to speak, or beyond 2023, because all of these programmatic effects will be known by then. we've got those four big areas where we assume and expect that there's going to be material upside. We'll understand that way better at that point. And then we'll have some of those new starts that if the competition stay on time, we may know some decisions and those too.  So there's going to be some puts and takes at Lockheed Martin specifically the next couple of years, but we're positioning ourselves to weather this period and get through with a lower share count -- materially, I think lower share count by the end of it. And then a growth factor that has an inclination to it post 2023. And that's really our overall financial strategy is to work the share count, rewards shareholders along the way, and then an inflection point in growth is what we're aiming for. That's our goal.
James Taiclet: Sure, Douglas, it's Jim. So I'll start with TR-3, which a just a microcosm of the larger picture. But an important one TR-3 gives you -- and I supply this jets. Similar ones, at least. It gives you a better cockpit display, a more processing for data in the airplane, and more data storage in the airplane. All good things for 21st Century warcraft. Although they are not essential to beginning the journey into networking that jet more closely with other systems and other platforms. So we're doing those two things parallel [inaudible 01:09:30] independent. TR-3 has also been delayed a bit. We're working with the [Indiscernible].  We feel we're on a common schedule now. We've got some significant supply chain issues that we've had to embed our own engineers into our suppliers to try to get them to perform. We're counting on them. That's important. But it's not going to deter or defer us from our goal of really developing the F-35 platform to be the aeronautics cornerstone of our architecture for 21st century warfare.  Because yes, once TR-3 is in, it will take another leapfrog up in data storage and data processing capabilities and networking capabilities which we will add. But we're already demonstrating how to do that with The hybrid base station that we actually flying a U-2 that provides that connectivity today with the Tech Refresh to equipment on the jet. So these things are related but not directed a differential or coterminous, they aren't be coterminous. We will get both of these jobs done, and the broadest program here, what we've -- I think derived by working with our government customers so far and understanding contracts and things is that, there won't be a overarching JADC2 of any kind.  What there will be is in reality in this business and I think in our customer construct, is that a technology roadmap and this has been developed more since maybe the last time you and I talked about this, Doug. But it's going to be a technology roadmap which is platform-by-platform connectivity using an open architecture set of standards and protocols that the whole industry can share. And we're going to be doing that one stage at a time. And what I want to do and I have been talking to our customers about at the most senior level is to provide every six to 12 months a mission capability by implementing this technology roadmap mission by mission.  Now we've got 14 missions and we've got 14 technologies coincidentally that we have completed three of those missions, which happened to be counterair, surface warfare, and integrated air and missile defense. We're showing customers those road maps and getting feedback on what platforms we should be tying together first, and getting those sensors, the decision making, command and control systems, and actual effectors connected in the most optimal way every 6-12 months. So we're moving out on both fronts [Indiscernible] is, again, associated, but not essential for moving out on the 21st Century Warfare Front.
James Taiclet: Sure, Greg. As I conclude the call today, I want to end by reinforcing our commitment to delivering long-term value to our shareholders here. While using our strong cash flow and robust Balance Sheet to do so, we're not shy about leverage, we're not shy about moving out with speed and with scale as we've talked about. Similarly, and again, along the way, we are going to work hard and invest to advance our customers important missions along the way. Those numbers are gone through around to 2 billion of CapEx and 1.5 billion of [inaudible 01:13:15] They're not incremental, they are up from our recent history, but they are not at an incremental 2 billion and incremental 1.5 billion just to be clear on that.  So I just want to make sure everybody knows our approach here. We're going to be positioning ourselves for growth inflection that we hope and expect to see a couple of years down the road. And by doing the share repurchase at the scale we're discussing in the timeframe we're looking at. The for sure valuation -- a value of that growth inflection should be amplified. That's our goal here. And thanks again for all of you for joining us on this call today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call in January. Thanks a lot.
