Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '13. As you can see, FedEx made significant progress on several fronts in fiscal 2013, our results improved in the fourth quarter with an operating margin of 9.6% and $1.1 billion in operating income on an adjusted basis. FedEx Ground posted another strong year and e-commerce boosted our volumes. These positive developments in quarter four however did not fully offset sluggish economic growth and customers' preference for international economy services. However as noted, we are taking actions to better align our global networks with demand. We are confident that our business strategy is correct and we believe we are positioning FedEx for profitable long-term growth. Before I turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his thoughts on the economy and Alan Graf for elaboration on financial results, I would like to note that FedEx is revising its practices on earnings guidance beginning this quarter. We will provide full year projections with quarterly updates. We will no longer provide quarterly earnings per share guidance. For fiscal 2014, the company projects earnings per share growth of 7% to 13% from fiscal 2013 adjusted results. There are three primary reasons that we decided to change the format for issuing guidance. One, volatile short-term shifts and macroeconomic trends in global markets are making quarterly earnings guidance increasingly less precise. Two, this move will allow us to focus on more productive activities and better manage our business and three it is consistent with industry peer practices. Of course, we remain committed to candor full transparency and sound corporate governance. Now, Mike Glenn.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me make a comment here to try to put some of this in perspective. Seven or eight years ago, the FedEx Express segment was competing in a marketplace that today is worth about $40 billion. Just the Express segment, a very high priority, door-to-door sector because of the build out of FedEx Trade Networks that Dave Bronczek mentioned to you, we are now competing in an air cargo market in its entirety that's somewhere around $98 billion. So, I think there is this implicit belief in the questioning that the growth of the economy sector for FedEx is a bad thing, and actual fact as you saw in the numbers, the economy traffic grew 11% in the quarter. The priority traffic grew 2%, so our issue was simply that we had too much of much of the priority capacity up and we needed to be more aggressive in the economy sector and that's what Dave has done. So, I think at the end of the day that these trends are not necessarily a bad thing. We just have to make sure as Dave mentioned, that we got the right traffic in the right network. It's very similar to the Ground and Express situation. If the item can go in the Ground system, the customer is probably going to choose that as very high ROIC, very high margin situation and we think over time the same will be true in the Express segment, and I think it's important that you look at it as a segment and not just the Express business, which is the majority of the Express segment but the broader base businesses increasing at a rapid rate, again, as Dave mentioned to you.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith, again. I obviously I didn't make my point. The Economy business is up 11%, the Priority business is down, Mike Glenn mentioned to me, 1%. That's not necessarily a bad thing and it doesn't necessarily mean that Express can't make more money on the Economy business, and implicit in your question was that assumption. And I think if you go down that road, you are making an erroneous assumption. So, it's very important that you recognize that. There is a tremendous amount of capacity in the international marketplace in these long range, twin-engine airplanes, particularly the 777. And if you are watching the Paris Air Show, there is going to be a lot more of it with A350 and the 777, 888 and 999. Our FTN capabilities allow us to participate now in both of those sectors. The priority sectors, where we can have a competitive advantage with our own equipment and the broader economy sectors. So, I had to jump in here, because it seemed to me like I didn't get my point across in my comments before.
Fred Smith: Okay. Ken. Well, the voluntary buy-out was one piece and we had told you in October that we thought we would get $500 million or well over well over $600 million. We saw significantly higher tenured people take the package which is fine, but that also means we are going to get a lot higher returns on that. The cost trimming is beyond just that however. I mean, there's significant going on in Express, and I am going to turn it over to Dave to let him tell you what he has been doing there in terms of hours and station management et cetera. So, I feel very comfortable about the cost piece of what we laid out for you in October, and I am very confident we are going to beat it. The issue that we have had since October is the one we have been talking about is that less than expected IP growth and we got to adjust for that and we will.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me say one thing before Alan makes his comment. We are not buying any airplane capacity for growth. The airplanes that we are buying are for replacement. We are replacing the 727s, and as Alan mentioned and the last one flies Friday, with 757s, did tow the A310s, 767 start coming in September and those are very high ROIC activities with the existing volume. It's not growth at all and the 777s are replacing the MD-11s over the next 10 years and I think we have got 18 more of them on order over the 10 years, so there is no capital in airplanes. We are not putting capital in the business for growth. We are simply replacing the assets that we have.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I think, the problem we have is trying to answer questions like you just asked us. We have given you the basic overall trends. The international air cargo business is not going to go away. It's a $98 billion business. We've given you a forecast of 7% to 13% of EPS guidance and you will just have to trust us to know how to manage the business, so it's getting down into that level of detail. It's just something we are not prepared to do.
Fred Smith: Yes. Just for those of you who are not aware of it, I mentioned this earlier. The FedEx SupplyChain and the FedEx Trade Networks operating companies are part of the Express segment as it's reported, but they are individual companies with their own CEOs that report back to Dave. And the reason we are organized that way is, because we have one worldwide global management team and it coordinates our customer activities much better than if we had them in a different segment. So, sometimes that's lost and that was one of the points I was making a little bit earlier. When you talk about Express, you got to look at the Express segment, because it has the very large Express business, but it also has and reported in that segment is FedEx Trade Networks and FedEx SupplyChain, and FedEx SupplyChain has some very terrific services that we rolled out in the last couple of years and it's really getting up ahead of steam. We are very excited about it.
Fred Smith: Yes. I will comment on that. We are very pleased with our long-term relationship with USPS. Obviously, the service and the value we provided to them. We are the sole awardee to their entire air transport business and we are very pleased about that. Obviously, there is more business that they had in play than just what we had to begin with. So, going forward, I think, we have an opportunity to build on that relationship and build on the business that we have with them, and as Alan pointed out, it's a seven-year agreement now going forward.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I've mentioned this on the call before about a year ago in May of 2012. I gave a speech at The Wings Club, which is an annual talk and it has been published in a little booklet and it's on our investor website, and I would urge you if you are interested in this to go read that speech, because it represents our view about the international cargo business. And, the reality is that the last several years I have seen a sea change in international trade and in international transportation. And it has been caused by, number one, the increased price of fuel. I mean, we are sitting around with low growth economies and the price of brent is still north of $100 a barrel and people forget that 10, 11 years ago, it was $0.60, $0.70 per gallon versus $3 and some odd cents per gallon now. That's had enormous effects on peoples' thoughts about transportation alternatives, and it does make people willing to trade-off rate for speed. Secondly, you have policy choices that have been made in China, in the United States and in Europe that have had big effects on the growth in world trade. As Mike Glenn mentioned, for the first time really in modern history, you have seen in the last couple of years worldwide GDP grow faster than worldwide trade. And, a few years ago, worldwide trade was growing 2, 2.5 times the growth of world GDP. Now that is still huge market as I mentioned. The world cargo, air cargo market is $98 billion market. The sea freight market is well north of a $100 billion, so these are very large markets. They are not going to go away, but these policy choices and fuel have had very big effects on these markets. So, our job as managers is to change our systems to meet those, and that's what we have been trying to describe to you we have done. I would say the one thing that we are a bit disappointed on, we probably should have moved a bit faster on some of our capacity, because we thought that the mix would be a little bit different than it ended up, but it's like Ground and Express. We are happy to get either one, and we just have to manage properly within those segment demands from the customers. By the way, I got a question on the Internet. Do you think that traditional aircraft product cycles are getting shorter? It seems that the high cost of fuel is shortening usual age of a new aircraft from 30 years to around 20 years. I think that the answer to that question is, yes. I mean, you are seeing that with a turnover of these narrow bodies into the new generation Airbus A320 neos and the 737 MAX, and your same Boeing come out with the 777 888 999 at a period which is much shorter against the 777-300ER than would have been the case in the past and it is driven just as you surmised by the cost of fuel. Now, what it means for us is, obviously we are re-fleeting as Alan mentioned, with these more efficient twin jet, because of the utilization that we have. I don't think that the twin jets are that we're talking about will be [obsoleted] by technology in any of the foreseeable future and the 767s, 757s are terrific for us. The good news is, and also part of the question is, yes. Indeed. We can use 767s in addition to the new ones, because they are essentially the same and a lot of the 767s are going to be coming out of the fleets as the 787s and A350s come into place and we do anticipate that we will acquire some used airplanes which will help the capital returns in the Express business.
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I am going to provide a brief overview of our economic outlook as well as some commentary on package and freight yields. We continue to see modest growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2% for calendar year 2013 and 2.5% for calendar year 2014. For industrial production, we expect growth of 2.8% in calendar 2013 and 3.5% in calendar 2014. The outlook remains highly uncertain with the euro zone in recession and policy risk still high. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.3% for calendar 2013 and 3% for calendar 2014. Turning to yields. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields increased 2.4%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements followed by weight per package. In the Ground segment, yield per package increased 2.3% excluding the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by rate and discount improvement and an increase in extra service charges. Excluding fuel, International export Express package yield decreased 1.7% year-over-year driven by rate, discount and exchange rate. Finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight in the FedEx Freight segment increased 1.7% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount changes followed by weight per shipment. Now, I will turn it over to Alan Graf for financial commentary.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Let me make a couple of comments. World air cargo traffic has shown consistent growth historically, but we have certainly seen slowing of that in the last five years. In fact, we have seen a decline in four of the last five years in overall traffic levels in the Air Cargo segment, and there are really four issues that are driving that. One, is global GDP has been growing at a slower pace. Global trade drives air cargo and has traditionally grown faster than global GDP, but that's not been the case recently. As I mentioned, we have seen a decline in global air cargo markets, four out of the last five years and certainly higher energy prices are having an impact on that. So, the global air cargo market has been under pressure for four out of the last five years. And, obviously, we are taking actions to manage our way through that, which Dave has pointed out.
Mike Glenn: Art, this is Mike Glenn. I would just add that I think it's important to separate how we manage our network and the concept of growth. FedEx continues to pursue growth strategy although coming from different segments of the market. So, how we elect to move that in our network obviously we are going to look for the most efficient way to do that, but I think it's important not to confuse the two, how we manage the network and our efforts to grow the business are separate issues.
Mike Glenn: Tom, thanks for the question. Our strong results are a reflection of the structure and culture of our operations, the speed and reliability of our service and our yield management discipline. We have a sales force out there that does a terrific job getting every package in the right network and our customers are increasingly voting with their dollars.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Let me go back to the question regarding Ground opportunities. As Henry pointed out, we have a very unique value proposition that is delivering industry leading service levels and our sales team is doing a phenomenal job of positioning that in the context of the broader portfolio of services that we offer. I do think it's important to point out that we still have plenty of runway for growth in an overall market, where we only have, including SmartPost about 30% market share, so there is plenty runway there. On top of that, we do not have our fair share in the smaller customer segment in the Ground market, so there's plenty of opportunity there to grow the business at higher than average yield, so we are excited about the opportunities, we have a phenomenal service, the Ground has provided our sales and marketing team to sell and we think there are plenty of opportunity going forward.
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly e-commerce is a major driver of the parcel segment in the U.S. Although I would say that our growth that we have seen in the Express segment has been fairly well balanced. And as a result of a very targeted program, where our sales and marketing team have worked very closely with the Express team to ensure that we are getting the right kind of growth in the networks and we are very pleased with that, but there's no question that e-commerce is continuing to be a larger and larger driver with e-commerce sales now representing a little over 10% of total retail sales. And on top of that, our e-commerce sales have a slightly higher returns rate which also impact the business. So, there is no question that e-commerce is a driver, but having said that we have seen strong growth in all of our sectors in the Ground business and Home Delivery and we are quite pleased with that.
Alan Graf: Thanks, Tom. This is Alan. Thanks for the question. I think I will answer two or the three parts if that's okay. As we noted, we only had about 40% of the people leave on May 31, as we determined how many folks we needed to keep for a longer period of time to continue our high service levels for both, internal and external customers. So, I don't know what everybody has in their models that is in first call, but I suspect that there were people who are expecting to see higher FY14 benefit than what I am currently looking at, which is the right thing for the company to do. I will tell you this that we expect the ongoing savings, when we are outgoing right in FY16 to be well in excess of $600 million. The cash charges or the business realignment charges from an accounting standpoint, as we said were $560 million in 2013. The cash outflows actually are spread out as people leave. We expect about a 21-month [payback] [ph] on this program, so we are thrilled with where we are and think we have got right in the sweet spot, but less benefit in 2014 and much greater in 2015 and 2016.
Alan Graf: Well, the largest increase is going to be at Ground. We have to take the next, start billing for the future and we are going to develop new properties and facilities and I will let Henry add some color to this and we have got to start investing in now, so we can be ready for what traffics we are expecting in FY16, and I think it's a good thing. These are high ROIC investments and we are happy to put it in. There is a slight increase at Express. But, again, that's part of our fleet modernization, and particularly the 757s and 767s have good, good ROICs. So, let met turn over to Henry on the Ground aspect [because it is the] [ph] biggest increase.
Alan Graf: I think as far as trends go, we are not any better than anybody else at predicting the volatility of fuel and it can have a major swing in an individual year at Express, so we are expecting that to be a headwind for Express in FY14. If it goes the other way, then it is conservative, but it could also be a bigger headwind than what we had in our plans, so that's really the one uncontrollable factor that we are facing, but the reduced capacity will obviously lower our exposure to that some.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. From a strategic standpoint, you have to remember. We built the international aviation network expecting significantly higher growth in IP, and as we've mentioned to you several times now that has slowed. We still have an awful lot of IP and an awful lot of opportunity to continue to grow IP, but IE is going to grow faster for the foreseeable future and that's what we are talking about. And, as we adjust these networks, that's not a switch. These are complicated changes. I mean it sounds easy to take down one flight, it is not. There are all kinds of changes that go through the entire network when you do that as well it takes FTN a while to build up its capacity to do that, so we are doing that during 2014 and expect to really start seeing those benefits post 2014.
Alan Graf: I would add from a strategic standpoint, the trade down is more forward-looking. We had flat IP growth year-over-year. The growth was all in IE. And frankly since October that surprised us a bit, and so we have to adjust for that, but we still have a strong IP business but the future growth, at least for the next couple of years is going to be much higher in IE than it's going to be in IP, so that's sort of the trade down. It's not that we are losing IP packages.
Alan Graf: Well, I would say that we have a revenue management committee. We look at every account that sales presents to us in terms of how it fits in our network and what it means to the business, so we have a very disciplined approach to determining an acquisition strategy in the marketplace. We at Ground are exceedingly disciplined around yield management. It's just part of our culture. I would say that we are extremely confident that we can continue this going forward.
Alan Graf: Appreciate the question. Earnings guidance is 7% to 13% of EPS of FY13 adjusted and that's all we are going to talk about.
Dave Bronczek: Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. I will add to what Alan said. We talked about at the Analyst Meeting; the FY16 target of our $1.6 billion profit improvement is still on target. 75% of that accrues by FY15 and we are right on track to hit those goals.
Dave Bronczek: Yes. This is Dave Bronczek, again. We announced last quarter that we are reducing some of our network capacity and we announced it again today for July. You saw in our numbers for the last several quarters; international economy has been growing at double-digit rates, 11% and 12%. International priority has been slightly behind growth plans that we had put forward. So, we have moved some of the traffic that's more lower yielding economy into our FTN network, pulling down our network capacity, pulling down flight hours, pulling down some fuel and overall balancing our network, and we will continue to do that going forward.
Dave Bronczek: Well, the capacity build-out is going extremely well. We are in 140 locations now in 27 countries and we continue to have great progress and great results there. We are bundling with our customers, of course, the right products and the right network, so we are actually more internally focused with our customers in how we price the products going forward, so we are actually in very good shape there.
Dave Bronczek: Well, Alan said it. This is Dave Bronczek. Alan mentioned it before, our operating profits and margins are up in FY14, in part to all of the issues you mentioned and then all the other things we are working on in our five-point profit plan. Our U.S. domestic reshaping, the international profitability, our harvesting the international acquisitions we have made and so forth, so in Alan's guidance is an improvement at Express in both, profits and margins.
Dave Bronczek: And, this is Dave, again. Let me add to what Fred said. On the cost side, we are actually doing very well. We actually are exceeding some of our own projections on the cost side. So Fred's point, on the international economy, the goal for us and the issue for us is to make that economy product grow more and make more money on it in the right network and that is absolutely what we are doing.
Dave Bronczek: Yes. Just on a very high level. We are in good shape on U.S. productivity. The hours are coming down; we are consolidating facilities, the flight hours, the fuel burn, the network capacity. So, across the board it actually all adds up to improving our cost structure going forward.
Dave Bronczek: Yes. That's right. This is Dave, again. And in that $1.6 billion number that you all saw in October, one of the five points in the five-point profit improvement of course is the fleet modernization and it's worth hundreds of millions of dollars to the bottom line for profits. And, to Alan's last point, the 76 planes that we have accelerated the depreciation in the 287 engines and so far that's continuing push to modernize our fleet to become more profitable.
Dave Bronczek: I think it's important when you talk about margins to understand the portfolio that we offer in the Ground network. We have a commercial portfolio, we have a home delivery portfolio and we have SmartPost. So, SmartPost plays a very important role in dealing with those residential delivery packages and that is a key element of our value proposition that allows us to ensure that we are delivering the right returns in the Ground segment. So, as Henry mentioned, we are very disciplined in terms of how we approach the customer and the value proposition that we have with that in mind. Turning to Delivery Manager, it's a major new offering for FedEx and it has the potential to change the expectations that recipients have in the Parcel Delivery segment and it is in the sweet spot of e-commerce. Since it was launched a few weeks ago, using Delivery Manager over a quarter of a million packages were delivered involving the input from the recipient, helping them get their package in their hands when they want it, where they want it. Our large e-commerce shippers are responding very favorably to the convenience, the visibility, the flexibility and the options that we offer through Delivery Manager and it's allowing us to provide an improved customer experience, while certainly having a benefit on our cost structure as well, so we are very excited about the rollout of Delivery Manager.
Dave Bronczek: Hi. Thanks. This is Dave again. FTN is, I think, the group that you referring to and SupplyChain two of our components inside of FedEx Express, and both units are growing and both are profitable and they are a nice bundle to the business. We can go to bigger accounts, which we have been saying all along this morning and move the traffic into the right networks then depending on whether it's in the ocean with FTN in the SupplyChain in any region of the world. Quite frankly, we have SupplyChain set up, so we have seen growth and we've seen it profitably for us in both of those segments and we think that continues going forward.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Let me answer that question. I think that we do see that trend continuing very much like the United States, and the great news there is that as that IE continues to grow and we unleash more capacity that makes us money on those products like FTN, we actually can uncap what we have been capping, because it's been sitting in our planes kind of capped before, so that trend of increasing international economy can continue. I think Mike Glenn mentioned it before as a growth opportunity for us that actually makes more money for us.
Henry Maier: Yes. Thanks for the question. Majority of our capital is for capacity growth to support our growth, or for revenue equipment replacement. You know we are very disciplined about any decision we make about capital, and we are going to be very disciplined going forward.
Henry Maier: I promise you we don't play games like that. This is our best 50-50 shot. I will tell you that no CFO worth his or herself will give you the entire bell curve of potential outcomes, but this is our best shot on what we see today based on all the factors that we have talked about and we are certainly not trying to play any games here.
Henry Maier: Yes. Going back to the point I made, they toggle back and forth and they contribute back and forth between Express and SupplyChain and FTN, and so really that's the point I am trying to make is they bundle it altogether for the betterment of the company, so that's where we are going forward.
Henry Maier: Well, we have a lot of business that's in our numbers, Donald, in our acquisitions, so there is more weight per package and lot of our acquisitions around world and that maybe part of what you are seeing.
