Mike Lenz: Well, Brian, I’ll kind of hit the first part and just reiterate a few things we’ve said and maybe try to tie it together in a different way. But, as we’ve said, the pandemic accelerated the dramatic and rapid shift in the growth of e-commerce, and at the same time, as you noted there, put some pressure in areas along the way as well, which is really why the performance at Ground in 2021 has been nothing short of stellar. ADV increased an astounding 23%, driven by e-commerce and we still improved margins. So, Brie highlighted that U.S. domestic parcel growth will continue to be the primary -- primarily driven by e-commerce, and we’re very confident in our strategy to profitably execute against that. So, we expect margins to improve in 2022 and beyond as we continue to increase density, further improve the facility and on-road productivity, enhance the utilization of our assets. And I kind of emphasize those aspects as Ground is generating exceptional ROIC margins. And so, we remain very confident of the future opportunity, and we’ll continue to innovate and differentiate the capabilities there. There was something about surcharges that you asked as well, maybe you can clarify that.
Mike Lenz: Well, Helane, this is Mike. I’ll just highlight that within that CapEx projection, a good amount of that is to enhance the efficiency of the facilities, which is what exactly aspect you’re hitting on. I’ll give it to Raj to talk more broadly about the broader point you raised.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Ravi, look, we’re giving our best middle of the fairway estimate of what we think the year looks like. As you highlight, there’s any number of moving parts. So, I don’t want to try and parse various elements along the way there. But certainly, the recognition that the first quarter here with the labor challenges and the productivity impacts as well as, keep in mind, we are continuing to still have to make accommodations in the Express air network as well for layover requirements and that. So, there’s a number of related aspects there. So, I’ll leave it at that in terms of what’s at play here.
Mike Lenz: Well, I wish we could break it down into these simple buckets. But when -- to amplify what Raj mentioned earlier, when you don’t have the people -- as many people as you would optimally staff the facility with, then, of course, your throughput is lower, and then maybe you’re not getting the density within trailers in that that you might otherwise expect. So, then, you’re getting incremental cost there, in terms of running the network, the line haul in that. So, it’s not as simple as saying, okay, we’re X head short, and that’s impacting us this way and wage rate is Y percent of it. It’s a iterative, ongoing exercise we have to adapt, adjust and configure around that. So, that’s how we’re managing it.
Mike Lenz: Well, David, first, this is Mike. Let me just say, our commitment and value of our Freight business, given the results that I just spoke to, is absolute. So, I’ll let Brie address what we think how the market evolves going forward.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Chris, let me just highlight one aspect when we talk about capacity, too. The CapEx growth at Ground is focused on smaller units than kind of going back the historical legacy large hubs. We have one opening, but it’s targeted to efficiently and effectively execute on a lot of this growing shorter zone demand. And so, that’s why when we talk about having the right targeted investments to align the cost with the -- where demand is going, that’s how we’re thinking about it. And then, of course, there has to be matched on the pricing side, which as Brie has covered, I think, pretty comprehensively. So again, it’s an integrated planning process and assessment here. Look, the finance team is part of the discussions and assessments that go on in that as well. So, it’s a very integrated with operations, finance, sales, pricing and marketing. So, the team really has a collective focus.
Mike Lenz: Jack, I’m not going to go put out any sort of targets or guidance beyond what we’ve gone with today, but I will reiterate that the investments that we’re making, we’re highly confident we’ll generate a high return on invested capital. And I alluded to the fact that we continue to expect to see margins grow in all the business segments. So, that’s what we have to do to continue to get that to where we want to keep seeing it -- the trajectory. So, I think that’s where we’ll leave that one.
Mike Lenz: This is Mike. I should add one thing for those of you that are asking about the sequencing or trajectory through the year. As a reminder, I mentioned that we accrued $380 million of variable compensation expense in Q4. And so, if you add up the prior Qs, and that gets you to $1 billion or so for the year. So Q1, we were not accruing as much as last year understandably amidst the uncertainty. So just kind of keep that in mind as you think about modeling through.
Mike Lenz: Well, I’ll -- there’s been a number of milestones on the TNT. We had the road network. We completed that milestone, and that helped facilitate the enhanced commercial proposition that was highlighted. And again, the air network is another key enhancement, and that comes toward the end of this fiscal year. So, there’s value coming this year, more to come. And then, as we highlighted with the business realignment, that hits full stride into 2024. So, it’s a multiple year of significant opportunity and increases there.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Brian. It’s Brie speaking. From a structural pricing perspective, we believe that peak surcharges are kind of a new normal and that we have to align our pricing to our costs. I think I’ve covered that in previous calls that we do anticipate every peak that there will be e-commerce surcharges. As we -- right now, we already have peak surcharges in market, and we continue to evaluate changes that we need to make based on demand and capacity. We implemented some changes on June 11, and we continue to monitor the environment.
Brie Carere: Sure, happy to take the question. I think we have to separate it between the domestic market and the international market. Here in the U.S., you heard me quote some just outstanding growth numbers from a parcel perspective. So, we think we actually have quite a sustained growth environment, while demand will outpace capacity in the domestic market. Structurally, as I mentioned, we will continue to use surcharges, not only for peak, but to cover large package and to really just make sure that our pricing, quite frankly, aligns to our cost. We think we have the very best value proposition in the market, full stop. We have the best weekend coverage. And so, as a result, we think the demand that we are planning for will be there for quite some time here domestically. On the international side, it’s a little bit of a different story and far more complex. We do believe, as I mentioned, that commercial capacity will come back. Episodically, it will not be a straight line up than we actually have, we believe, until 2024. The longer it takes for commercial capacity to come back, quite frankly, the longer we have to make sure that this customer base is sticky. I pointed out in my opening remarks that we had $1 billion growth in e-commerce. We priced this e-commerce volume at future price. It is going to be very sticky. It was very competitively priced. So, we don’t believe there’s any risk there in our small business growth, we’ve also had internationally. We also believe that volume is very sticky. So, as commercial capacity comes back, we’ll adjust the network. We’ll bend the cost curve to offset some of the surcharge risk. But overall, we feel quite good about the strategies, and we have some time to implement them.
Brie Carere: Well, honestly, this doesn’t impact our Freight strategy. We are the market share leader because we have the best value proposition. We have had just a stellar year with the Freight team. They have done a tremendous job managing despite the tumultuous year we have. And while they did that, they introduced a new product that is growing rapidly. And in addition to growing our share with small customers, we intend to grow our share with the -- across threshold, FedEx Freight Direct product, and grow our residential share. So, we are tremendously excited about our FedEx Freight division, and we’re going to just stay the course.
Brie Carere: Absolutely. As we look at 2022 and 2023, we absolutely think that you’re going to see a greater than our historical average from a year-over-year price increase. As I mentioned this past year, when we look at our domestic volume, we repriced about 45% of our large customer segment. And quite frankly, we actually did most of that in the back half of this year. So, we’re going to have some lapping. You’re going to get benefits of those new renegotiations in the back half of this fiscal year. We’re going to get them in the front half of 2022. In addition, we still have to reprice the rest of the large customer segment. And really importantly, as Fred mentioned, it’s not just about the top line yield. It’s about really making sure that our price matches our cost. And we’re getting very, very focused on that, very disciplined, making sure that customers that have large package, they have the right surcharges, the right structure there, those that have the highest peaking factor really pay for the incremental labor at peak. And so, it’s not just about the top line, which I am -- I want to be clear, I’m optimistic about, but it’s really about aligning our price strategy with our cost, and we do think that that is going to have tremendous momentum next year and quite frankly the year after as well.
Brie Carere: So, from an enterprise contract perspective, each contract is very-nuanced. We have opened some contracts out of cycle when the customer has looked for increased demand. And so, of course, when they want to do something different than what has kind of been our historical average with them, of course, we’re going to have those conversations. I think it’s really important. Yes, we want to grow our price; yes, we want to grow our yield, but we also want to have really happy, satisfied customers. And so, we’re trying to strike that right balance. And so, some customers, yes, they did require changes in their portfolio, a change in mix to meet their business need because many of them saw explosive growth, especially in our retail segment and, of course, in our health care. So, of course, as required, we do reopen account and have those conversations every Thursday morning, as Mike mentioned, Mike and Jill and I get together, and we review what’s necessary to run the business. So, I’m very pleased that the team has been incredibly agile. I think the second half of the question was about B2B and B2C. So, I think the answer from a domestic perspective is we are going to continue to make Express more express. We’re going to lean into commercial. We’re going to lean into premium. And health care, we’re very optimistic about our last-mile optimization strategy, which will allow us to continue to put some residential business into the Ground network. When we -- and I guess the other thing that I can share is that if you look in May of this past year, it was our highest absolute commercial volume in the domestic network since September 2019. So we’re very confident about the return of our commercial business here in the United States. However, as I mentioned, 90% of the market growth will be e-commerce. And so, there will be no settling of the B2C volume within the Ground network. We’re going to continue to drive that growth. We’re going to lean into it, grow yield. And as Mike mentioned, our goal is to grow the margin while we do that. So very, very, quite frankly excited to lean into the e-commerce growth for FedEx Ground.
Brie Carere: Great question. And no, from a European perspective, we’re kind of the underdog. We actually see and have had tremendous momentum, as I mentioned, the $1 billion growth from an e-commerce perspective between Europe and Asia, and that’s intercontinental. So, when we look at the Europe business, Raj has mentioned, number one, we now have -- we already had, but we even strengthened it further. We have the best coverage across Europe into the United States from a commercial perspective, and the sales team is really excited about that value proposition. So, we have upside potential on both, the B2B and the B2C market share into the United States from Europe. From an intra-Europe perspective, we are predominantly focused on B2B. We’re just getting going on B2C, but we see upward potential there, and we actually also are seeing improving yields in the intra-European theater. So, from an intra-Europe perspective, we’re feeling optimistic. And then, from an Asia to Europe, that’s our third focus area for the European team. We have historically been under-shared in that lane. We have seen a tremendous relationship between our Asia and our European teams. Actually, our Asia team has taken share from DHL the last four quarters. So, we’re pretty pleased with them. We see a great pricing environment, and we see some really strong momentum.
Brie Carere: Well, we’re expecting a pretty robust peak. I think last year, we called it Shipathon. I think we’re looking forward to another Shipathon, quite frankly. So especially in the Ground network, we are absolutely expecting a robust peak in volume growth. I think Fred mentioned in his opening remarks, the goal is over $90 billion for the year. And I’m looking across the table at Jill, my commercial partner, and we’re pretty confident in that number.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I think the point that I want to make here is that the labor environment remains challenged right now. And we are doing everything we can possibly do, whether it is from wages, from technology, from routing and all things associated with it to make sure that we can get our service improved. We expect that over the next two, three months, that situation gets better and that we get ready for peak. And, of course, we are considering longer-term opportunities that Mike talked about in terms of technology as well. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: The supply chain constraints are, of course, real. The other thing to keep in mind here is the inventory to sales ratio. It’s an all-time low. And so, we do fully expect that as the -- especially as the supply chain starts to get organized here, and we still have opportunity to grow because, especially on the Express side of the business as the inventory sales ratio still remains very, very low, and that drives a lot of express traffic. I hope that answers the question. If not, just ask again if it’s not clear.
Raj Subramaniam: And Bruce, if I can just add. In some ways, the European markets are the late bloomers, up post COVID-19, but we now expect them to be back to pre-pandemic levels this calendar year versus what we thought will go to be next one. So, there’s going to be the demand, especially B2B coming back sooner. And again, I think, we are in a very good position for that.
Raj Subramaniam: And Duane, if I can answer the strategic point here. I’ve long talked about how we work strategically with some of the retail customers as they see the online growth. And again, that’s exactly what we’re doing. And when you see stories of retailers showing tremendous online growth, you can bet there is a FedEx story right behind that.
