Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'll let Dave talk about it. Express’ margins are going up. They are going to continue to go up, absent macro economic or geopolitical events. As I said in my remarks that the Fleet Modernization Program is making a huge difference, Alan said in his remarks, the productivity because the technology is going up, the system from adjustments that Dave made in his network allow us to put the right traffic in the right network and as I said, Express is in a sweet spot.
Fred Smith: Well, I will ask Mike Glenn to comment on it after I do, but a big part of e-commerce is handling returns. So some years ago as we saw the market evolving, we decided it would be a very, very good thing for us to have a supply chain capability to offer a broader portfolio of value-added services to our e-commerce customers, because this was a huge part of the marketplace. It wasn't just planning on how to get it to the end customer but how to efficiently process the returns and merchandise. So through quite frankly serendipitous chain of events, this great company GENCO, which was coincidentally in Pittsburgh and was by far the leader in this space in our opinion became available and we did a deal with Herb Shear, a gentleman and great management team that he has assembled. And so we think there are enormous energies there. I'll ask Mike and Henry to comment on it but we just couldn't be more pleased with GENCO being part of the FedEx portfolio and think it will enhance our competitive position and problem-solving ability for our e-commerce customers.
Fred Smith: Well, the answer to that question is yes on the pricing and of course, we’ve already done some of that and we’ve announced more. That's really where dimensional pricing came from. I mean, we were getting lots of packages that were one or two cubic feet and inside was a six ounce stuff toy and that comes from the way e-commerce is processed there. These large fulfillment centers or perhaps not so large. But they're using a lot of effort, particularly during the holidays to speed up, order fulfillment and they put things in boxes and is quite different than say Procter & Gamble packaging toothpaste in the most efficient and most dense way to minimize transportation costs. So the reason is it continues quite frankly with more effort not put into it on the part of the e-tailers is the Postal Service doesn't have dimensional price. And I have to tell you, I feel for a lot of our postal folks out there. They operate their parcel delivery system with 200,000 jeeps, which were basically designed for mail delivery and watching them it looks like a submarine. These people are -- they got at least, packages on the left-hand side of the truck, they have to stop, they have to pull them out, resequence them before delivery and at my house, I can promise you we’re getting a lot of very lightweight cube items coming from retailers through SmartPost or directly from an e-tailer. So over time, all markets are rational and it does not make a lot of sense for the e-tailer or the transportation company or the delivery company in the case of the postal service to pay money to deliver air. So I think pricing will rationalize it. As I said in my remarks, it's just a terrible shame that the 33 footers were not approved that gives about 18% more cube, very little increase in weight. And as I mentioned, from an environmental safety standpoint, it was just a complete lay up. And the forces that opposed it quite frankly, we’re not well informed on the issue. And hopefully, the Department of Transportation will move smartly to correct this because as I said, these are already used in 18 States and they’re more stable because it put slightly more weight on the actual of the twin trailers, the passing the 33 foot set of doubles versus 28 foot doubles at 60 miles an hour is basically inconsequential, its about a tenth of the second -- of a second different. So it’s a great opportunity to have a win, win, win solution in terms of national productivity for e-commerce reduction in fuel and environmental emissions and then would reduce over -- I think it was a 1,000 accidents estimated with the Ground parcel and LTL industry per year. But it is what it is and obviously we will have to operate the 28 footers but that would've mitigated a lot of these inefficient cube developments we've been talking about.
Fred Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith speaking. Alan mentioned that of the Ground margin delta 2.1% out of I think 2.2% was having to report because of the integration of Ground and SmartPost, the revenues at the gross level versus the net level. Prior to our doing that, we simply took the net cost of the postal deliveries and excuse me, the delta between the postal delivery cost and in our revenues, as a single network the accounting rules are such we had to take it on a gross basis. So there's no diminution whatsoever in earnings, cash flows, the performance of ground, it’s just an accounting situation. The second is the fact that we put GENCO into the Ground segment and Henry is in charge of this because it is so closely aligned with the Ground parcel SmartPost presence in the e-commerce market. Now again, as Henry said, GENCO does many, many other things for Express and freight and so forth. But we're very confident in our Ground margins and Henry want to add to this and say it one more time what our goals are here.
Fred Smith: Okay. We have some other internet questions here. Kelly Dougherty, Macquarie. How does a greater unpredictability of online sales challenge impact your year-out-year planning projections? Well, let me make a couple of comments here and then ask Mike to jump in or Alan. As we mentioned earlier, we have this enormous sales group, which I've unabashedly think is the best in the Industrial Services sector and as an integral part of that we have this wonderful solutions group. So our good customers that work with us in a partnership basis we can do an excellent job of anticipating what their needs are and provide the equipment in the right place and the sortation equipment. The people that have the real problem in the e-commerce business by and large are those that view the transportation companies as some sort of utility or a vendor and they make some really, really bad decisions. I mean, they are -- we’ve just watched an amazement several of them just really dig themselves into a whole. But our good customers, we work very closely with them. Now despite all of the best efforts, despite that, sometimes they grow faster and sometimes they grow in different places because of their customers, I mentioned in the Northeast, the demand was just extraordinary. However, FedEx Ground is very unique in this regard. Our hubs and those you have been in them you'll know this, they're essentially completely automated. So what that means is that if we're over volume in our New Jersey hub, we can divert that traffic to Hagerstown, Maryland or into Pennsylvania and sorted in a different timeframe, but we are not reliant on the manning inside the hub, because really the only labor that's at the location are the people that offload the trucks and the people that reload the trucks. And we've been talking about this over and over over the years and I don't think that a lot of people understand the profundity of that automation and that flexibility we have. It’s a big competitive advantage. It allows us to use bigger problems with more direct routings, which is a big part of our 27% day faster situation. So that's how we do it as we try to work with our customers and I have to tell you there are a lot of our midsize customers that it is very clear that they are figuring out this e-commerce, what they are doing some very, very smart things and creative things. And I think, in part that's why the market is growing as much as it is. Mike, you and Henry want to amplify that.
Fred Smith: So let me combine two questions here into one answer because I think this is an important issue. First part of it comes from Allison Landry at Credit Suisse. Have you seen any shift changes in the marketplace with respect to UPS’ acquisition of Coyote in terms of handling the peak season? And on the same line of thinking, David Vernon, as does the transition to the ISP model at ground increase the risk of these larger contracting entities are harder to handle or deal with in essence? Well, a couple of things here. First of all, we already have a truck brokerage, and transportation management unit inside FedEx and have had for quite some sometime. But much more importantly, I think it's a misunderstanding of the FedEx Ground business model because the very reason we have these small businesses providing our highway and pickup and delivery capabilities is that they are very, very close to the market, very close to the to the customers, very close to the understanding of the roads and geographic areas that they serve. So by design, we want small business people who have those characteristics and are very, very entrepreneurial and we do not have many contract service providers that have over 7 to 10 trucks. I mean that would be a very big one. And if you start going beyond that, you lose that tactile entrepreneurial feel. And the thing I love about it and I'm most proud about the ground thing is these are entrepreneurs and they do very well if they're good business people and it's just really fun to watch them. I hated that when we bought RPS, the single route contractor, you watch these young folks and minorities and everything start off and get an area and build themselves a wonderful life. And then because of all of this litigation and the plaintiffs’ attorneys and the state tax people and all that, we've had to move to the point where you have to have a minimal level vehicles and be incorporated. To be that as it may, we still retain the best of both worlds. And in fact, it's probably much more productive based on our experience to have the somewhat larger unit. So for all intention purposes, I will stay with this business model and that's not going to change. So we don't need the same number of purchased transportation tractors and trailers that UPS does. And so I think it was probably smart for them to get Coyote. I'm not sure that it would be smart for FedEx. And Henry wants to jump in here.
Fred Smith: So in essence, we have a huge truck brokerage capability through our highway contract service providers. They get tractors and are able to put this power on much better in the geographic area than a centralized brokerage system for us. However, again we have a wonderful truck brokerage and transportation management capability for our supply chain customers and to help with purchased transportation where we get it. Let me take one more from the Internet and then we’ll take a few from the telephone. Again this is Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Have you seen a contraction in domestic B2B? The answer to the question is no.
Fred Smith: Let me just state again what I said in my opening remarks here. We think we have very, very good strategic plans and an in-depth knowledge of this market better or at least as good as any entity on the planet. And we have very, very creative concepts to make our assets sweat more and be able to process more packages in all of our networks. And that's why we were so forthright in saying that we expect this to continue absent macro-economic or geopolitical events. And let me say it again, we continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flows and returns on invested capital, and we are confident these basic trend should continue well into the future, barring major events or macro-economic factors. Now having said that, I know it's very important for all you folks on the call, sometimes we are off 1% or 2% in the quarter. This is a big, big enterprise. We can pick up, transport and deliver to virtually any address in one to two business days to 90 some odd percent of the global population. That takes incredible networks. Henry Maier's network at Ground has 550 facilities. David Bronczek has 600 FedEx Express stations, which are very different in the way they're designed that just in the U.S. They're very different in the way they’re designed because they're designed to interface with airplanes, not with 28 or hopefully someday 33-foot hub. Mike Ducker’s FedEx Freight is very different and as I told you, these automated hubs that Henry is operating are some of the most incredible facilities ever put on the planet. So this is a very big complex business with an enormous amount of value add. And so we can’t get it within 1% or 2% sometimes, but directionally, we’re very confident that we will continue to achieve those things that I just said, increasing margins, earnings and cash flow and ROIC.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. Thanks for the question and thanks, Fred. We are in a sweet spot and if you remember our Profit Improvement Plan was driven mostly by structural costs initiatives and not as much on the revenue. That being said, the revenue has been better. We've had better yield management. But again we've had a terrific performance in our fleet. The planes are flying at 99 plus reliability and the fuel saving has been great, and of course, the reliability is all around the world. That being said, of course, our productivity and we've right-sized our U.S. operations here throughout the United States. And really on the global basis the traffic that we are moving on the international economy basis, that's growing is very profitable for us now, because we have it in the right network. So, yes, we are very optimistic about our profit improvement going forward. It continues to increase the profits. It doesn't stop. Of course, I saw some of the comments earlier. It just continues to keep growing and increasing. And Fred is right, I mean, we had nine year high of our margins at Express and those will continue to grow as well with our profits.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave Bronczek. I think I heard your question Transpacific, Transatlantic. It’s generally the same economic environment that Mike talked about at beginning around the world. It's growing but it’s more modest. So I wouldn't say -- I think it is actually growing more out of Europe because of the currency exchange, a little bit less out of Asia but around the world we’ve balanced our network. So for us in Mike's comments, we’ve took that into consideration as to where we put our packages and how we flow our network.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave. Alan’s right. I mean and if you remember what I said at the beginning, we structured our network to flex up and to flex down. And we would win on either side of that equation. And quite frankly, we’re not flexing down much anymore because the economy is pretty robust for us. International economy is growing and IP is still 72% or more of my all up revenue for international. So it's significant, its high yield. So when we actually can flex up or down when we win, we're in a really good spot, so that’s international network, couple that with the U.S. network and the Asia to the U.S. and U.S. back that's why you're seeing such high margins and profits from Express.
Alan Graf: Thanks, Tom. As I -- I think we’ve mentioned this before several times, but it’s important to mention it again. The 75% run out weight rate that we've captured, we captured at the end of last fiscal year. FY16 built on that. All five of the pillars are still the five that are producing the results. Quite frankly they're better in almost every category. You can go back and look at all the notes so you can call IR for the five pillars. But across the Board we are improving each one of the pillars. The one that we counted on the least was the global marketplace revenue and actually we've been better on that. All that being said, that was the one that we were worried about the most. We are doing very well there, because we planned it to be less than all of our cost initiatives. So I would say going forward, obviously, you can see in the numbers, we are having a great year in ’16 and that will continue into’17.
Alan Graf: We have a very detailed integration planning going underway right now that I'm very excited about. First of all, they're executing on our outlook strategy. We agree with that. We've been supportive of that. And they have been successful in that regard. Secondarily the integration teams have great details to the extent we’re permitted to talk about, that is on what’s going to happen on day one, what’s going to happen on next 100 days, in year one, two et cetera. I can tell you that the people that we’re working with are terrific. There are many, many opportunities that are equal to or greater than I thought when we build the strategic business case. Having said that, I would also tell you that the integration is going to take some time and is not easy to do. There are tax structural and accounting issues to deal with. There are IT issues, there’s rationalizing the lanes, all the things you can think of. We've got every one of those being worked on. We can't talk to their customers. They can’t talk to ours. We can talk about pricing and of course that’s where some of the big numbers are. But what I'm seeing so far is I’m very pleased with it. As I said day one, we are not going to see big synergies financially until fiscal ‘18. Fiscal ‘17 is going to be a year of getting our hands around some of these very tough issues and making sure that we don't do any harm. The business continuity is there that the customers are taking care of and that we don't miss a beat from service level. So it's not easy but I think the reward is going to be fabulous.
Alan Graf: Scott, this is Alan. One of the reasons that I’ve taken up my guidance for you on Ground CapEx is not just the -- by the way, fairly stellar increases in land acquisitions and material handling costs and that's all got to do with e-commerce. That’s also because Grounds going to continue to grow. What we can do and I’m a good Missouri Lutheran, so I can say this, we can’t build the Church for Easter. So part of what we’re doing about yield management and everything else is we've got to get these packages little bit smaller or we’ve got to get paid for the space they’re using. We can’t have a lot of excess capacity lying around the other 11 months of the year and we’re not going to do that. Henry is working his people everyday of the week, we’re open 24x7 for this entire peak season, competitions not doing that and that’s made a big difference for us.
Alan Graf: Hey, Brandon. This is Alan. We’ve been working for a very long period of time with profit improvement program and all the things that are involved in that are preparing for the very situation that we’re in. We have significantly reduced our capacity but it's significantly more fuel and maintenance pilot efficient and more reliable and we have a network that’s running pretty tight. Having said that, we’ve got a lot of growth for IP to continue to grow and move lower yielding products off that backbone network that we flying internationally. Productivity that we’re seeing in the field with our technology and automation improvements at Express are yielding tremendous thing. I mean, its essentially we’re doing exactly what we told you we were going to do in October 2012 and we’re learning as we go. And we’ve got a lot more room to do that. I’m going to pass it over to Dave Bronczek.
Alan Graf: Well, it had a pension credit unit from mark-to-market accounting really in our K and if you want lot more detail, we will be happy to take that offline.
Mike Glenn: Hi Nate. This is Mike. I think it’s important to note that that our sales team has a solutions organization that works hand in glove with our large e-commerce customers to help optimize their supply chains and that includes everything from types of information management solutions to location of distribution facilities, selection services, all designed to drive value for those companies. And sometimes those solutions are good for FedEx in the short term, sometimes they are not so good for FedEx in short-term but they're always good for us in the long-term because we’re working with customers to drive solutions that are going to benefit the relationship between FedEx and the customer over the long haul. So we're well ingrained in and embedded into our largest customers and work with them hand in glove throughout the year to prepare for peak season and operations 12 months out of the year. GENCO was a significant addition to our portfolio. We recognized we had an opportunity to enhance the portfolio. As Fred noted, they have world class solutions in the return segment. Returns is a particularly big part of any e-commerce value proposition because they tend to be double digits whereas the traditional brick-and-mortar retailer is in the mid-to-lower digit return rate. So GENCO has been a tremendous addition to the portfolio. We’re well down the track on integration and we see a lot of benefit going forward.
Mike Glenn: Yeah. Thanks Fred. I'm not quite sure how you're defining network but let me say that virtually every major retailer in the United States today has a dedicated linehaul operation to move inventory between distribution centers and stores and Amazon certainly no different in that regard. Amazon is a very large FedEx customer and we work closely with them as I just noted to optimize delivery needs and of course, work with them very closely to create new solutions to support the future growth. I do think it’s important to point out however that FedEx is a highly integrated global transportation network. In fact, one of only two operating at a significant scale in the United States today and only one of three major delivery networks in the U.S., the other two being UPS, the United States Postal Service. That’s not likely to change in the foreseeable future as these networks are very capital intensive and information intensive. And I think family, I think it’s important to note that our network is a lynchpin in the e-commerce market and our customers rely on us to sport their growth. So we feel quite comfortable where we’re situated -- comfortable where we situated today.
Mike Glenn: Yeah. I wouldn't read too much in the Express deferred traffic levels on a trend basis. Again, is similar to what Henry noted, specific pricing decisions on a customer by customer basis can impact volumes in any quarter. And so I wouldn't read too much into that. I mean, we are pretty pleased with where we sit from an Express volume standpoint, being up overall with the growth coming in overnight that that's a positive thing for us.
Mike Glenn: Well, I just want to add that, I think, it's important to note that peak season is a very highly planned period of time. I mean we literally will start working with customers in late January, preparing for next peak season. The second point is we’re not going to over commit to traffic levels that we can't handle in our network. In other words, we understand what the capacity is on a given day and our operating companies do a tremendous job flexing up capacity. But as we've noted many times on this call, we have to cap certain customers to make sure that that we're providing the service that meets the customer expectations. In addition to that, we have a team that essentially is conducting an orchestra for about one month out of the year and they have essentially a control tower that has minute by minute discussions with the operating companies, which are making changes to inputs that we received from our customers, which allowing -- allow us to deploy our resources and adjust the changes in demand both up and down. So as we say in the South this is not our first rodeo and we've been doing this for awhile and I think we have got a pretty good business model here and we've demonstrated that works well in terms of meeting customer expectations.
Mike Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn. And let me say, just reiterate the remarks we made earlier. I mean we’re off to a strong start in our peak season. As Fred said, we picked up over 26 million packages on Monday. We've exceeded our forecast for our peak days in the month of December and what January, February holds, we'll just have to wait and see. We don't forecast volumes for upcoming quarters. But we're very happy with where we are based on the start to peak season.
Mike Glenn: Bear in mind also we have a huge outbound market share and Express for the United States. So the dollar exchange ratio means that our outbound is affected much more than our inbound. And I think Dave mentioned earlier our European to the U.S. traffic is substantially up and our Asia to the U.S. traffic is it's short of flattish but it's not declining. And the real pony in here again is e-commerce and you're starting to see these patterns where people are shipping individual items door-to-door because they can now with the software that we're putting out there and others, they can see what the landed cost is and what the duties and taxes are. So it’s a sea change. It’s the same thing that's driving e-commerce in United States but is more industrial because their business products in domain and to some degree individual consumer B2C as well. There is international question about FedEx Trade Networks. It's an integral part of the Express segment. The quest is to comment on them. Only forwarding industry, I don't think it's appropriate for us to do that but it’s an integral part of the value proposition that Dave offers and the Express system is essentially focused on door-to-door express. There are some freight that moves through that network. We’re capable of flying extra sections of customers needed, particularly at peak and then FTN handles the cargo, the freight and heavy consolidation. So our FTN network which we built from scratch is a perfect complement for our customers to our Express network.
Henry Maier: No. The only thing I would add is their product footprint on the board, logistic side as well. So customers that want, for instance, fulfillment, GENCO could do. I think it’s important for the folks on the call to understand there are a lot of transportation segments between all of these nodes on the supply chain. And this gives us an opportunity to participate in that transportation whereas before we probably didn't get a chance.
Henry Maier: The other significant savings when we can marry two packages together, the residential delivery because the vast majority of the cost in any of these networks is really around stopping the truck in front of an address. So when you can pull a package out of SmartPost, for instance, marry it up in single network with a FedEx home delivery package, the savings are quite a bit -- quite a bit that costs are quite a bit less than paying the postage on that package throughout the U.S. Postal Service delivery. There are a number of other advantages as well. One is, is that we can maximize the capacity between Ground and SmartPost from time to time and at times even geographically throughout the year we see volume spikes. This gives us the ability to move front since the SmartPost package into ground hubs, Throughout the year we see volume spikes, this gives us the ability to move upfront some of the SmartPost package into a Ground hubs, small store operation and process of their as opposed to centrally just bringing in more people at SmartPost to handle the added volume. There are number of other issues and just in the sense that we can share people now. We have effectively dissolved the corporate structures, so all of SmartPost people are either being deployed in their current jobs and the former SmartPost or within FedEx Ground.
Henry Maier: Yeah. We strive for mid-teens margins at FedEx Ground. There is no discernible integration costs in there at all. I mean this is roughly 10 basis points frankly falls into all other. There was no single large item. You got to keep in mind with the company of this size and the fact that we recognize revenue on delivery not on pickup, having a couple thousand packages move in or out over quarter and have a huge bearing on operating profit.
Henry Maier: Yeah. This is Henry Maier. I'd just like to add to this question a couple things. First of all, Fred mentioned the 33 fully automated hubs we have. The second thing I would add is that we currently operates 49 fully automated satellites as well, which gave us -- which give us enormous flexibility in being able offload volume from hubs to these automated satellites and vice versa. They also provide a bit of a relief if you will for diverting volume away from hubs and being able to sort it and move it direct. The biggest reason why we are successful as we are and at peak, and we see the surges in volume is simply FedEx people. We have the greatest group of people of any company I believe in the world. We add in the yeoman effort of our contracted service providers and the dedication and professionalism, the commitment to quality and just playing innovation to being able to adapt on-the-fly. I can tell you it, for somebody who sits in my chair it's nothing short of an inspirational. And I think that's the secret sauce here which allows us to be able to handle the unpredictability of online sales.
Henry Maier: Well, I think it’s -- I would echo everything Fred said. I think it’s important for the folks on the phone to understand that we provide some peak incentives so that both our PND contractors and over-the-road contractors bring on the necessary resources within their business to handle our projected peak volumes. That just gives us unbelievable flexibility particularly when business spikes et cetera. I would add that the way you need to think about them as they are coin-operated. They are entrepreneurs. They respond very well to the opportunity to earn more revenue for their businesses and they step up every single year.
Henry Maier: Scott, this is Henry Maier. I’ll be a little bit more to the point. I’ve been around here for a lot of peaks. This is without a doubt the busiest one I’ve ever seen. And it is been consistent every single day since 11.30 and there's no sign it’s going to led up. So that’s where we are. Our people are stepping up to the task. Our network is doing -- is performing exactly the way it’s designed. If we didn’t have these automated hubs and automated satellites and the great people, I think we’d be much different shape than we are today.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Since its inception, FedEx home delivery delivered Tuesday through Saturday, which means we've essentially deliver Monday’s volume the previous Saturday. And with the advent of e-commerce, I mean, it’s a 24x7 market, you can buy things online from your phone anytime at the day or night. The way we are able to flex up our capacity at peak every year as we essentially operate a Monday through Saturday network and we run hubs on Sundays so that we can advance -- we can pick up volume into the network, so that we can smooth the huge peaks and valleys during peak throughout the six days of the week. It's occurred to us some number of years ago that why don't we just operate that way year round. With e-commerce, Monday is tends to be fairly heavy pickup days anyhow. Why not begin working that volume on the weekend rather than on Monday. Deliver the volume on Monday and then operate the network six days a week year round. The benefits of that are obvious. The first is, is that on residential service side, we essentially advanced roughly 20% of the volume in the network by whole day, so the customer gets to the day sooner than they would have been. The other thing is it gives us the ability to smooth the volume, which means that we can operate our fixed network more efficiently throughout the week and by smoothen the capacity we frankly don't need as much of it as we had in years past. And we’ve tried we -- as Fred and Alan mentioned here, we've had a pilot running since roughly May of this year. I would say it’s a success. We are currently studying where we roll it out next.
