Raj Subramaniam: Thanks Alan. I will open with our economic update and outlook and discuss our revenue performance and business conditions in each segment and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and enhancements to the FedEx portfolio. We continue to see broad base growth in the global economy. In the U.S., tax reform is improving investment incentives and disposable incomes by measures of consumer and business sentiment are at the highest levels in years. As a result, our 2018 U.S. GDP forecast is a half point higher than last quarter. Internationally, trade and production growth are supporting solid momentum in the global economy. Last year's rebound in trade drove the best air cargo growth since 2010 with freight demand growing over three times faster than world GDP. Demand and outpace capacity addition for ’17 straight month. The next few slides show details of revenue, volume and yield performance by transportation segment. It is clear our pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes increase yields across the portfolio show continued success. For our U.S domestic Express business, both revenue and yield increased 5%. Excluding the impact of fuel yield per package increased 3% due to our continued focus on revenue quality. FedEx international export package revenue increased double-digit to 10% year-over-year in Q3, primarily due to yield increase of 9% including fuel and exchange rate impact yields increase 2%. Ground segment revenue also saw a double digit increase at 11% in Q3 with volume and yield each up 6% as e-commerce continues to drive growth. Excluding fuel yield per package increased 5%. At FedEx Freight, LTL revenue per shipment increased 8%, mainly driven by our revenue quality efforts. Excluding fuel, LTL revenue per shipment was up 6%. Let me now discuss some exciting new enhancements that we have the FedEx portfolio. As we announced earlier today we’re going to increase our retail network footprint through the expansion of FedEx office location inside Walmart stores. We anticipate adding 500 office locations over the next two years. The strategic initiative between FedEx office and Walmart wrinkle brand even closer to busy consumers who are looking for reliable options for packing, shipping and receiving packages. Another new offering that is launched this month is FedEx Returns Technology. This is a solution that provides e-tailers with increased visibility, flexibility and efficiency around returns management. And for consumers, it enables simple and early credit for the returns at FedEx office locations as determined by their merchants. FedEx experienced record breaking volumes through our global network during the peak season much of that driven by growing in e-commerce shipments at FedEx Ground. This was the first peak season that we have more than 10,000 FedEx whole locations including FedEx office and well-known retailers such as Walgreens. We are pleased with how the retail network performed and expect this extensive convenience network to be a key part of e-commerce deliveries in the future. The approach we took on our peek pricing strategy of not applying a broad additional peak residential surcharge to all consumers or customers help us gain significant business in the small and medium customers segments. We’re proud of the strong service levels we provided to our customers during this record peak, and we are excited about the portfolio expansions that are rolling out. We will continue to innovate to provide our customers with great service and value. Let me now turn the call over to David Bronczek for his remarks. Dave.
Raj Subramaniam: Our strategy is to really offer value-added services to our customers as the result in more volume through all our core transportation networks, and as Alan pointed out, we have recently completed a reorganization that allows us to offer a portfolio of solutions in a more seamless manner to our customers. And I also want to point out here that this is particularly important to our profitable as small and medium customers segment as they expand their e-commerce offerings.
Raj Subramaniam: Ken, FedEx is not participating in the PRC docket, but we expect to file rolling to be issued this year. However, we continue to monitor PRC regulatory developments with a review the pricing aspect of it, and we totally believe that over the cost of last mile delivery we will continue to go up in the years ahead.
Raj Subramaniam: Matt, we don’t view onsite in terms of percentage of residential market rather we would think it is the matter of customer convenience. What we know from the e-commerce demand as you can see this increase, those increasing demand from consumers to have convenient options where they can reliably receive their packages. In this context, we are very excited about the rollout of our FedEx onsite program. As I mentioned earlier, we have more than 10,000 FedEx onsite locations in the U.S. including FedEx office and we are dramatically increased our presence with Walgreen adding more than 8,000 locations in the last year alone. And we are very happy with the performance of this network so far. So let me add one other point. Technology solutions are also going to be critical in this regard I mean that why we are very excited about the fact that our FedEx delivery manager user base continues to grow significantly. Ultimately the combination of these things including our retail network or technology these things will result in win, win, win solutions for our shipper for our consumer and for FedEx.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Ken. I believe you are talking about the differed in Express and really our volumes are impacted by the way we managed one large customer whose volume was at forecasted levels look at the base volume grows underlying basis especially in the small and medium customer segments we saw a very robust growth and by the way don’t forget the strong growth we saw in the ground segment which also carries e-commerce traffic.
Raj Subramaniam: Ravi, I think the strategic initiative that we have with Walmart goes up on a shared goal of providing customer convenience and value. That's really makes lot of us can save time and money as Chairman talked about. As I mentioned earlier this is an opportunity to serve our consumers who want, we’re seeking secure reliable options for packing shipping and receiving packages.
Raj Subramaniam: So Brian, Matt, Ellison thank you for your question. We don't comment on specific competitive strategies, but there are multiple new test in pilots were companies are considering variations of crowd sourcing or other options for last mile delivery. As you know e-commerce increasing demand for last mile delivery but operational cost safety and brand considerations of final mile delivery that need to be factored into the ultimate potential of any new offering. Now FedEx has unique capabilities regarding, we will continue to work with retailers to provide a differentiated value preposition and ultimately as superior service to the end consumer.
Dave Bronczek: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon to everyone. We are proud to report improved adjusted results at FedEx. We are especially pleased with the results of FedEx Ground where we have improved our operating margin. FedEx Ground segment achieved double-digit percent growth in revenue and operating income receiving benefits from ongoing cost management effort and improved revenue quality through a balanced approach of volume and yield growth. We are also reducing our long-term CapEx plans better match capacity expansions with pricing and volume growth. And as Alan has already talked about FedEx Ground having a great year, we expect the fourth quarter segment operating margin at Ground of 17% to 17.5%. FedEx Express segment revenue growth of 9% was driven by our international business despite the lingering impact of the cyber attack. We continue to see a runway for opportunity in international for years to come. As Alan has said, Express had six factors that primarily affected profitability in the third quarter, but we expect the Express segment adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter to be in the range of 9.9% to 10.4%. The underlying fundamentals of the business remain strong with higher base rates across the board and volume growth in both international and United States. As mentioned previously, we remain committed to our target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in additional operating profit for the FedEx Express segment in FY '20 versus FY '17. I also want to provide an update on our TNT integration. As you know, this was the most significant acquisition in our company's history and dramatically improves our global capabilities and competitive posture. I'm happy to say that at TNT, we are seeing strong service levels and the integration is accelerating. A key element of our acceleration plan was to enable the flow of packages between the legacy TNT and FedEx systems prior to full integration. This allows us to direct volumes to the highest service but the lowest-cost networks. This capability is expected to be in place by May 31st of this year. We are accelerating the migration of the FedEx clearance operations and systems as well, retiring dozens of legacy TNT applications. Our investments in strengthening the IT environment continue on an accelerated pace. We have made significant investments to improve TNT information security posture and we’ll continue to do so. The integration of our global sales force originally expected to be complete in fiscal 2020 is now scheduled to be complete one full year early. During the third quarter, we accelerated the launch of customer migration activities in Europe and Asia by more than one full year. Now FedEx Freight continues to show improvement in revenue and profitability. As our pricing strategies drive revenue growth while investments in the network improve safety, efficiency and lower our costs. As I said just last quarter, we expect these improvements to continue. FedEx Freight is indeed having its best year in over a decade and we expect the Freight segment will finish the year with an 8% to 9% operating margin in the fourth quarter. Across the Corporation we're making progress or improving our margins, our cash flows, returns and earnings-per-share. We expect every segment will have year-over-year increases in operating income in the fourth quarter. And with that, we will now turn it over for your submitted questions.
Dave Bronczek: Off course, we face competition across the globe all the time throughout our whole portfolio. The pricing environment is generally rational around the world, right news. We have made significant investments in people, our technology off course facilities over many years and it's paid off by creating large highly flexible and the most automated transportation network in the industry. These long term investments have differentiated FedEx from our competition, but we also have something else to differentiate us. It's our people and it's our culture, so thanks for the question Mathew.
Dave Bronczek: Obviously, we’re very proud of our peak this year and we’ve been for many-many years, and I am going to make some general statements here, but I am going to have David Cunningham at Express, Henry Maier at Ground, and Mike Ducker at Freight, give a little bit more color to the answer but, generally speaking we conduct our formal reviews of our peak performance, really immediately after peak, which informs our actions for our coming years with our customers and with our employees going forward. We are fully leveraging our big data -- we have a lot of data of course, in the artificial intelligence we have and we ensure we develop plans and optimizes our customers' volumes, our capacities and our service. In this regard a big part of our success is the strong alignment of Don Colleran that leads our great sales and solutions team with our customers. Overall, we’re very pleased with our peak performance. We’ve said it before. I’ll say it again, it’s what we are pride ourselves on is our relationship with our customers and our service. And with that, I’m going to turn it over to David Cunningham to talk about Express.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, the only thing I would add because Raj is off course right I mean we focus here at FedEx on our customers and our strategic value preposition, and I would direct you to our dream video that’s out there we have it out there and so you should take a look at that. I think it’s very self explanatory. That’s how we feel about our business and everybody else’s that we can be with.
Fred Smith: So, we have a question here on trade protectionism from Benjamin Hartford, which, I’m going to ask Raj to answer more fully. But I would like to do two things before I turn it over to Raj. I’m reasonably certain everybody is listening to this call, has some sort of electronic device in your hand a phone or an iPad or one sort or another. Go to your Google button. I mean, DEF meaning definition and then put in the word tariff for T-A-R-I-F-F by this table do it to. Once, you read Google dictionary there where it is, tariff, a tax or duty to be paid on a particular class or imports or exports. So make no mistake about it. The great benefits that Alan talked about due to the tax reform bill to some degree will be offset by increased taxes due to tariffs and if we have for national defense needs bigger aluminum or specialty steel requirement, we would suggest its FedEx as those would be bought by the government same way we buy F-35 Fighters or M1A paying respectfully. On the overall trading front, I'd like to give you a couple of numbers here that probably will surprise you. Our trade deficit in total goods and services 10 years ago was 4.9% of GDP, is now 2.9%, it's down by two percentage points of GDP for a couple major reasons. The first of which is fantastic technologies that are being employed in our oil and gas sector now, is called fracking which is reduced our dependence on imported petroleum very strategic in a law that of petroleum come from unstable and unfriendly parts of the world, owned by national oil companies of governments and aren't necessarily friendly to the West. And the second region that is gone down is that our trade surplus and services of which FedEx is a major component has gone up almost $300 billion over that 10 year period. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks and why I brought these two facts up. The correct way to go here is to deal with China on the issues with China, but overall it’s the lower trade barriers and the lower tariffs around the world, not to engage in less trade. At any case, Benjamin wants to talk about freight protectionism and more specific detail and ask to strength in the global air freight market largely increasingly trade protectionist tone from develop markets in recent months. One, are there any immediate thoughts on the direct impact of trade from the recently announced U.S steel and aluminum tariffs? And two, have you seen the shipper behavior change in relation to supply chain design, given the risk of reduce trade openness globally? Raj
Fred Smith: Okay, let’s move on to some questions about Express. What are you doing now to prepare for peak that’s different from what you've done in the past? We’ll start with Dave Bronczek and then David Cunningham will amplify.
Fred Smith: So Dave the last pre-submitted Express question in light of the strong demand environment in international export. Could you please update us on your progress managing capacity? Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Fred Smith: Let’s turn to Ground now the one from Benjamin Hartford of Baird. Henry, do you still view mid teens is an appropriate segment EBIT margin target? If so, what is a reasonable timeline for achieving such a level, northeaster notwithstanding, and we're in the midst of the fourth when I guess. I mean I would say about too much about the target here as we announce this. I think the rate funny a side, how much of the incremental improvement in current levels is predicated internal opportunities versus external healthy is a peer pricing growth over the macro? Henry.
Fred Smith: So, this next question for Freight also. This question comes from David Vernon of Bernstein. In the past, FedEx has discussed Deming LTL Freight shipments. What is the status of those efforts? And what upside potential does the Company see on that front? Mike.
Fred Smith: And finally for Freight, how much volume, can the FedEx Freight network handle without significant real estate growth? And next from David Ross of Stifel.
Fred Smith: So Tom added another question here, which I think we need to answer. Incentive compensation likely to be a significant year-over-year headwind to EPS and FY for fourth quarter FY ’18 somewhere magnitude to the headwind and in third quarter, Tom, I think that nature of the question indicates a bit of a misunderstanding about this. AICs now will be a headwind in the fourth quarter because and the weather will just stop the four quarters are gangbusters and because of all the noise that’s why, we gave you this onetime special deal of showing you what the anticipated segment margins are going to be in the fourth quarter. So what happened here is when tax reform took place and we felt that was appropriate to do all of the things that we have described to you. What that required us to do is to pick up AIC which had been reduced because of NotPetya, and then it was put back in the third quarter for the Company as a whole and off course especially effected the FedEx Express rate. So on a go forward basis it’s baked in and the fourth quarter you can do the math with the range for the year that Alan gave you it’s going to be in the numbers and the quarter should be quite good year-over-year for all of the segments. Again, I will give the caveat because if we are in the midst of some sort of weather system where the northeast or it's going to July, that’s a different matter, but we’re fairly confident that they will be at the end of that. Now, there is question from Jeff Kaufman of Tahoe ventures about electric vehicles for commercial trucks and the OEM following suit. What’s FedEx view on the emerging green technologies and where is the Company in terms of adoption and commitment to green technologies? Does FedEx believe these technologies are ready to meet company's needs? First of all, I would recommend to you Jeff that you go on our website and read FedEx's social responsibility report, which shows our enormous efforts in terms of environmental efficiency in many, many different areas. And specifically to the issue of the commercial trucks, I’m going to ask Mike Ducker, if you'd just comment on that for a second.
Fred Smith: So here is a couple of related questions, I’m willing to pass on to Dave Bronczek and David Cunningham, I’ll give you overarching comments first, from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc. Please discuss what drove the decline in international and U.S domestic volumes within Express segment in the quarter? How important is volume growth in achieving FY 2020 profit improvement plan? The second is from Jack Atkins of Stevens. To what degree was the June cyber attack at TNT negatively impact 3Q results? I guess it did negatively impact 3Q results at Express and would you expecting the lingering impact in the fourth quarter. Now, I think the question from Todd and Jack and I’m going to ask again Dave and David Cunningham to amplify this, reflects a bit of a misunderstanding here and that please recall that when we started this year, we told you that we were no longer going to be talking about Express and TNT. So the numbers that are in the Express segment now are the combination of the two. So the reality is the FedEx Express volumes are growing, but the TNT volumes were adversely affected by NotPetya, and we are now going back up to two to where we would have been had this attack not happening. And let me again give enormous thanks to our sales, our customer service, and particularly our IT professionals that did the most unbelievable job of recovering from this attack which the which the U.S. government now says was a government or government sanctioned attack on the Ukraine and TNT was just a side victim of it. So, the fourth quarter will I think began to show these in a more granular fashioned, but it’s we're not seeing a decline in Express traffic in the fourth quarter. We will have recovered most of the NotPetya volume from TNT now. Put some meat on the turkey.
Fred Smith: Yes, I think that’s a wonderful way to end up before I turn it back to Mickey. I'd urge all of you who've not done, the FedEx e-commerce video at fedex.com/dream it's 2.37 seconds long and it could can tell you in that 2.37 seconds, what it would take us an hour to tell you. So, thank you for your participation and Mickey close it out.
David Cunningham: Thanks, Dave. I want to congratulate the Express team on the best peak service ever. In this age of e-commerce, our peak continues to evolve as the customers use both Express and our great Ground company to meet shipping needs. As Dave said, we saw our customers stay in the ground system longer this year. This resulted in lower peak volumes at Express and a more concentrated surge in a few days just before Christmas. Our peak planning is already underway and we’ll take the key learnings and dial that into next year’s plans to ensure great service, but improve efficiency and productivity.
David Cunningham: Well, the Shanghai hub is a fantastic modern automated facility with all of our latest technology the hubs are 134,000 square meter facility handling 66 flights like a process 36,000 packages and documents for our healthcare is an important value-added sector for FedEx and the coal chain capability of temperature control storage ranging from minus 22 to 25 degree siliceous is the key part of all of our new facilities.
David Cunningham: The investments in our Memphis and Indy hubs will modernize and automate these key facilities, big data and our real time ability to mind and improve efficiency and productivity of these facilities by directing packages most efficiently through the hubs. As Alan mentioned at Memphis where we'll have a new bulk truckload facility and oversize shipment handling capability plus automated sorting and secondary sorting capabilities. At Indy, we're increasing the box stored capacity from 111,000 packages to 147,000 packages per hour. We're putting in a small package short system of a 150,000 packages per hour and we will have increase international store capacity as well. These facilities will improve the reliability of our networks lower cost improve safety for better place to work for the 1,000s of team members to work in these operations.
David Cunningham: Commercial line haul continues to play an important role as we develop solutions to facilitate international growth ensuring we move the right traffic in the right network which enables us the growth of our priority products on the purple tail network by partnering with commercial carriers across various international gateways we are able to avoid flying empty space where we experienced in balanced trade flows such as the trans-Pacific eastbound lane. So we are experiencing constraints on some lanes we are constantly working to balance and right sizing network when compensatory revenue.
David Cunningham: Yes, I just had a couple of comments to look for Dave just have I think first thing you got to remember is that the effects in Q3 were mostly one-off type of effects. Q4 ends up being a seasonally strong quarter and we’ve already told you what that’s going to be. Our TNT network was fully restored and back to business as usual as of the end of 2017. The recovery of the business over the last five months has been remarkable and given the value preposition of the TNT road network our Freight volumes have been strong and we are experiencing solid growth in these products. The cyber attack continues to had a lingering effect in the third quarter and our existing customer base has not fully restored all volumes as they continue to gain confidence in our ability to provide service and recovery of our business our outstanding performance during peak is evidence of the strength of our network and our recovery and our sales teams are leveraging this in the fourth quarter and growing and winning business.
Mike Ducker: This is Mike Ducker. Let me just add a couple of brief comments. First of all, congratulations to the FedEx Freight team who had a tremendous peak season as well. As you know, it occurs a little bit earlier than does Ground or Express and as a result of that we were able to provide some support for our other operating companies during that critical time of the year adding to the overall performance of peak season so very pleased and again congrats to our team for the job well done.
Mike Ducker: Kevin, thank you. First of all the LTL volumes have been very strong, including good contractual renewals, our team is handling quite well. Truckload shipments 10,000 pounds will typically account for less than 2% of our total shipments and while there's been some tonnage growth it still remain a small share of our total tonnage, and we also have an excellent transportation management team assembled to monitoring in state takes steps to manage truckload volume, if that becomes necessary.
Mike Ducker: Kevin, as you well know, we have a very service sensitive product, therefore we think it's really important to negotiate contracts with good service quality, in them and we’ve done that with all of our key rail providers. Those providers are doing a great job for us as our rail on-time service levels have actually including overall, during the third quarter, and I think my partner, Henry at Ground has experienced similar strong service levels from our rail provider.
Mike Ducker: Thanks, David. We currently have about 90 dimensional standards and will soon be adding additional devices in many of Fred your service and across the network, those devices serve dual-purpose first of all they allow us to capture incremental revenue on shipments that are density based commodities. And secondarily, we capture information for costing system, so that we can more accurately develop pricing for our customers.
Mike Ducker: First of all let me give a shout out to our planning teams, who have really done an excellent job in planning capacity in our network. We continue to make investments in the facility network and plan for the future; we add capacity by strategically by market. For example, we just open two new facilities in the Chicago land market this January that added over 400 additional doors in the market, bringing total doors in the area to 1,500. So we’re also investing in technology to improve the throughput in all the facilities that will provide additional capacity as well.
Mike Ducker: Yes and as a matter fact, this company has long been known for its innovations. So we’re on the waiting edge of many of these technologies and we believe that the faster adoption of those will greatly improve efficiency and customer experience in the trucking industry. So were heavily invested in our safety systems and artificial intelligence with many companies that are using advanced drivers systems that include turning Telematics and many other features. So we're working hard on the new technologies that are coming out to adopt and use the advantages that they provide for our system. Tesla as a matter of fact soon to be announced that we will be purchasing some Tesla electric vehicles in the near future. Small order, but we think they will have great benefit in our system were testing them in the near future as soon as we can get them off the line.
