Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Following my remarks, Mike Glenn will highlight our views on the economy, and Alan Graf will detail our financial results and outlook. In the quarter just ended, while FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight improved their profitability in the first quarter, the slowdown in the global economy and global trade constrained revenue growth at FedEx Express and affected overall earnings. We have significant efforts under way to reduce cost in the Express segment, some of which we'll talk about today and all of which we'll talk about in detail at our Investors and Lenders Meeting on 9 and 10 of October, and we hope most of you can come to that meeting. Now let me turn it over to Mike Glenn.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me weigh in here, Tom. I mean, fundamentally, what's happening is that exports around the world have contracted, and the policy choices in Europe and the United States and China are having an effect on global trade. Global trade has grown faster than GDP, except for the 2000, 2001 meltdown and 2008 and 2009, for 25 years. And over the last few months, that has not been the case. So that's what's really going on, is that exports and trade have gone down at a faster rate than GDP has.
Frederick W. Smith: Well, let me elaborate on what I said just a moment ago. I mean, systemically, the policy choices that have been made in Europe and the United States and China are having effect on world trade. The episodial product launches that you refer to, we've been talking about for 2 years. And we are carrying a huge amount of that traffic, but it is episodial. At the same time that you have that going on, you have a declining value per pound. In a lot of electronic equipment, you have fuel going up, partially in response to the quantitative easing. I mean, as the Fed puts more money out there, people put more money into commodities and drive the price up. So you have products that are getting lower in value per pound, which is the key correlation for goods being moved by air. And so they're going on the water to an improved container liner system that's been developed over the last few years. So you've got a lot of things that are going on there, and the product launch of Apple's and Microsoft is not going to provide the type of sustained growth in the international trade that the world has seen historically. So when that turns back around I think is directly related to the economic macro system in Europe, North America and particularly in China.
Frederick W. Smith: I think that, that remains to be seen. I mean, the global trading economy is still the largest single economy in the world. But over the last several months, particularly as we went into this fiscal year, it's been disappointing, and I think it's reflective of the low growth in the United States. You've got contraction going on in Europe. And because of North America and Europe, China's export economy, which has been driven by the consumer economies in the United States, North America and Europe, are reflected in the lower trade numbers. So I think until some of these macro issues get resolved, you'll see the relatively low international trade numbers. Now having said that, we're actually taking market share. We'll talk about this at the October 9 and 10 meeting. We're taking market share in the intercontinental trading area. The problem is, as Dave pointed out, the mix of traffic, the configuration of our networks was set on one set of assumptions, and those have turned out to be correct. So you'll see at the October 9 and 10 meeting, where we have a significant initiative under way in Express to take huge amounts of money out of the Express networks, reflecting what I just told you about.
Frederick W. Smith: I should add, though, that those super express freighters Dave talked about are not additions of capacity. They are changed routings in order to take advantage of the 777's nonstop capabilities and give our customers better value. And going back to the question about Apple and Microsoft and so on, these product launches, a part of what Dave is saying to you, we manage that by adding extra sections and extra capacity. So we have been very reluctant in the recent past to add scheduled capacity and meet these requirements with variable capacity. And that's probably going to be the case for the foreseeable future. I mean, we'll probably put up very little incremental schedule capacity. And Dave, you might want to add to that.
Frederick W. Smith: I can tell you this on China. The locomotive that has driven China's growth is its export industries. And with the situation in Europe and, to a lesser degree, in North America, that is a significant issue for the Chinese economy. Now the consumer consumption in China is not increasing at a significant rate, contrary to everybody's hopes. While exports from, say, the United States into China have grown, they are dwarfed by the exports from China into the United States. And as the big economies in Europe and the U.S. have grown or contracted -- grown at a far lesser rate or, in the case of certain European countries, have contracted, that's reflected in the numbers in China. And you can't escape that. I've been somewhat amused watching some of the China observers, I think, completely underestimate the effects of the slower exports on the overall China economy.
Frederick W. Smith: Well, first, let me clarify something. The management of FedEx has never used the term restructuring. That's something that you have mentioned and the media has mentioned. We intend to take a significant amount of cost out of the Express system, and on October 9 and 10, you'll see how we're doing that. But it's not the -- we're not going to lay off people and we're not going to take some Draconian steps. All of the things are very well-thought-out, and we're very confident we can achieve them, and I think you'll be surprised at the magnitude. The organic expansion in Europe and China, they make great contributions with IP or IE. That's not the issue with the domestic operations. The issue is the linehaul operations, because it costs the same amount of money to put up a unit of capacity whether you're flying it full of IP or IE. And so I think you will see, commensurate with the outlook that we're talking about, FedEx Express being very cautious about adding capacity, unless it's competitively differentiated, and then moving the lower-yielding traffic into the right network, which is what Dave was talking about. But we'll see you on October 9 and 10, and you'll get a lot of detail on that.
Frederick W. Smith: The movement between Priority and Economy is essentially driven by the macroeconomic situation relative to the capacity. And so if the economic outlook changes, people buy the Priority Services in order to assure that they get moved on the time frame that they're looking at. It's really an arbitrage. Now having said that, on a systemic basis, as the price of fuel has gone up inexorably, almost, over the last decade, what you're seeing are these big trends that I talked about a little earlier. The air cargo market in its traditional definition is not growing. The door-to-door Express portion of it is growing relative to the overall market, and the -- a lot of traffic is moving onto the water because moving goods by air is very energy-intensive. So a huge part of these things, of what's going on, is driven by the price of fuel, and that's going to change people's decisions on manufacturing and supply chains. So we're going to talk about that on October 9 and 10. But you can't have jet fuel going up to close to $4 a gallon on occasion without it having a big effect on the choices people make in terms of the speed, price trade-off and the decision as to whether to move bulk commodities by air or on the water.
Frederick W. Smith: Well, I don't know where you came up with the term limited cash flow. I think our cash flow's very strong. And we have done 2 major things with the Express fleet. One is we have deferred deliveries of the 777s, because we are not going to escalate the scheduled aircraft in the near term, and we have accelerated the replacement of the MD-10s with 767s, which provide a high ROIC, and they're 30% more fuel-efficient. And we're going to continue to do that. And the reason we're going to continue to do that is because we have such strong cash flows. I mean, our EBITDA is going to be very large this year, so it's not like we're not making money. I mean, we've given a $6.20 to $6.60 range. And if you do the math, I think you'll find out our cash flows are very strong.
Frederick W. Smith: Let me just say what I've said on a couple of occasions here, and again, we'll talk more about it in October. The company doesn't view its individual segments as stand-alone businesses. I mean, we manage the system as part of a portfolio. And I think we've been pretty good in forecasting where the market was going. I mean, that's why we bought Caliber, that's why we upgraded FedEx Ground so that it's now the fastest ground system out there. It's making a lot of money. It's because we understood that that's where the market was going. As Dave Bronczek mentioned, we've expanded over the last 3 years our FedEx Trade Network significantly, so we're now a major player in a much broader international trade marketplace than we were just a few years ago. I think the one thing that has changed faster than we would have anticipated, and it is directly related to the policy choices made at the governmental level, is the price of fuel. And the price of fuel, if you plot it over the last 10 years, it's really quite astounding. And it's a little bit like a frog being boiled quickly or boiled slowly. I mean, it jumps out if you boil it quickly. But when you do it slowly, it sits there and gets cooked. So the world economy has absorbed an incredible increase in the price of fuel, and that has had very big implications on the way people think about supply chains on their decisions to move ocean or whether they move things by air. There's a great logistician up at MIT that said if it keeps going, the places where you ought to put manufacturing plants are Mexico and Eastern Europe. So it's not by accident that FedEx made a great acquisition in Mexico, which is just going barnburners, the MultiPack, and in Poland, in OPEC. So I think the only thing that's been at issue here is that the growth rates have been far below what everyone would have wanted because of policy choices. And secondarily, the increased price of fuel combined with those macroeconomic issues have slowed the growth of exports and, secondarily, they've made people trade down, whether it's in the domestic market or in the U.S. market. But none of this was -- we didn't miss any of it. We did all of the right things. It's just here late in the last few months, it's been very disappointing in terms of the macroeconomic environment.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. On the economic front, we continue to see modest growth in the global economy. Our calendar year '12 U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2.2% and 1.9% for calendar year '13, which is 0.5 points lower than our fourth quarter earnings forecast. For industrial production, we expect a growth of 4.2% in calendar year '12, slightly below last quarter, and 3% in calendar year '13, 0.5 points lower than our fourth quarter forecast. Our global GDP forecast is 2.3% for calendar '12 and 2.7% for calendar '13, 0.3 points lower than our last call. Turning to yield and revenue management, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yield increased over 4.4%. The increase was driven by pricing and rate discount improvement, followed by favorable service and customer mix changes. The Ground package yield increased 3.6%, excluding the impact to fuel. Year-over-year increase was driven by lift and discount improvements, followed by an increase in extra services charges. Excluding fuel, International package yield declined 2.3% year-over-year due to the impact of exchange rate. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, FedEx rate yield per hundredweight increased 2.4% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by pricing rate changes. And now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf.
T. Michael Glenn: Tom, I'd just add that when we see weakness in the economy, not unlike what happens in the United States, we see a shift from our Premium Services in the Priority network to deferred services to take advantage of lower transit times and lower rates. That's just one way that customers manage their supply chains in difficult economic conditions, so I think that's what we're seeing.
T. Michael Glenn: I think our sales team is doing an outstanding job balancing the traffic growth levels and yield improvement in the Freight sector. Yields in any one quarter are impacted by a variety of issues. Since a tremendous amount of the traffic is contract-based, we deal with contracts that come up during any given quarter, and so we have an opportunity to influence different amounts of traffic during any given quarter. There's also some mix issues there. We saw strong growth in the Economy segment and not as much in the Priority segment, but we're really pleased with the job that our sales team is doing managing yields in the Freight segment.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I think the main thing is our goal is to strike the right balance between yield improvement and volume growth to maximize the operating profit within each segment of our business. The main issue that has put pressure on yields in the International segment is the mix shift that Dave talked about earlier, where we're seeing strong growth in our deferred services and a slight decline in our priority services. Obviously, as the economy remains weak, it is tougher to grow those Premium Services in our -- in the priority network. So we'll have to manage through that going forward, but that's the main issue putting pressure on yields at this point.
T. Michael Glenn: Christian, I think it's important to point out that almost 1/2 the year-over-year decline during this quarter was due to one customer in the cell phone industry shifting from a total Express solution to a combination of Ground and SmartPost in order to manage their supply chain during this economic period. Beyond that, the weakness has been relatively broad-based among industry sectors and is largely economic-based.
T. Michael Glenn: Just from an economic perspective, as I mentioned, our global forecast is -- for calendar year '12 is 2.3%. In the developed countries, we're expecting 1.3%; in emerging markets, which is 5.1%. Again, this is slightly lower than we were last quarter. In '13, we're looking for 2.7%. Again, developed countries, 1.5%, and emerging markets, 5.7%. We've certainly seen a growth slowdown in the emerging Asia sector in the first half of Q1, but that's probably run its course, and domestic demand remains robust in the global headwind -- into global headwinds. But obviously, there are a lot of policy issues that will impact that.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, and Alan's right, and Fred, of course, is right. We're going to talk about international opportunities there and how our linehaul and our networks reposition to handle the right products in the right network. The same is true in the United States. We have worked on this for many months, and you'll be, I think, surprised, as Fred pointed out, the magnitude of the numbers. And, of course, our aircraft fleets, we're going to talk a lot about that as well. That's been a big upside to our profitability going forward, too.
T. Michael Glenn: David, this is Mike. As I mentioned earlier, almost half the decline in the Express domestic segment was due to one large customer who shifted from a largely deferred Express solution to Ground and SmartPost as a way to optimize their supply chain during the weaker economy. So that was the primary driver during the quarter regarding the deferred traffic.
T. Michael Glenn: We're certainly seeing some pressure on deferred traffic levels. As you would expect to see any time when you have a weak economy, there's some trade-down from deferred to Ground. There's some trade-down from Ground to Freight in the larger shipments. So certainly the economy is having an effect on that, but the primary issue is one large customer.
David J. Bronczek: Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. I'll start off, then Mike Glenn will add some color to it. First, on the International numbers, and I think it was appropriate that we split them out now. And I already talked about the International Priority and the deferred, the economy, you can see sort of what happened in our mix shift, a 2% down in our very high, very profitable International Priority packages. And a dramatic increase, 13% in deferred, that actually grew and drove our linehaul per -- the pounds went up 4% this quarter. So we're taking a hard look at it, and you'll see some of the decisions we've made on moving some of our traffic on the ocean through FTN, our customers have talked to us about that. Putting the right freight in the right networks. We're very pleased that the customers are talking to us about their package content, their high-tech customers, and in terms of their value per pound and their shipments so that we make sure we get the right network for the right customer at the right price for the right profit. So yes, we were a little bit surprised that the International deferred package volume went up so much, and it drove some of our linehaul an increase of 4% in our pounds. But that's a good thing as we adjust our network.
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. No, thanks for the question, though, Helane. No, we're actually adding some super express freighters in October and November, one out of Taipei that gives our customers there 2.5 hours of later service and cutoffs for them into North America and into Europe and actually another one that starts in October out of Munich that comes up into Milan and directly heads into our hub here in Memphis. So our customers continue to see great value and great service, and we keep adding more and more traffic. As we pointed out before, the shift has been different, so we're going to spend a lot of time with you on October talking about our international network and how it redesigns around the mix and the product types that we have going forward so that we're much more profitable while we gain more volume and more business.
David J. Bronczek: No, that's right, Fred. And of course, our FedEx Trade Networks organization is becoming very, very successful at bundling the customers' products, and a lot more traffic is moving on the ocean now in our same technology, great value-added service. So we'll talk a lot about all of these initiatives that we have going forward. I think you'd be very pleased with how profitable our International divisions around the world become.
David J. Bronczek: And to add to that, our FedEx Trade Networks organization has done a tremendous job of opening up, I think we're up to 51 markets, 125 cities now. And, of course, the visibility and the technology that we provide at FedEx across the board in all of our networks is something that the customers value very much. So when they're moving on the ocean, they still see the visibility, they still see the tracking, they still see the reliability of the service commitment on deliveries. So it's a movement for our customers that adds more value to them, and we'll be talking more about that in October.
David J. Bronczek: Well, we're in very good shape right now. You're right. We've added over 100 cities, probably, in the last 3 years, and we're in very good shape right now in all the major markets around the world. We'll add some more. We'll continue to open more cities. But by and large, in the main ports and the main lanes, we're already there and just adding customers. And with our bundled capability internationally, it's really positive and up. We have a lot of upside potential with FTN.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, I'll answer that, then Mike Glenn will jump in, too. Alan's exactly right. I mean, our FTEs, and you can see that, is down 3% year-over-year. It's 3,450 FTEs. The service has never been better. The quality of our customer care has never been better. Our linehaul in the United States is down 2% as well. So -- and our Aircraft Maintenance is better. So across the board, we've been diligent at reducing our cost commensurate with where the volume is, but the volume is between Express and Ground at FedEx, so that's a good thing.
David J. Bronczek: Jeff, this is Dave. And to add something else that you'll see in October that you probably don't see now is we've, on purpose, added a lot of investments in Europe. Our organic European plan, it's -- is very successful, and you're going to see a lot of the benefit to that. And also, in Asia, organically, in terms of more salespeople, more stations that we've opened. So it's -- we've added some costs and some investments that we are very confident will pay off in a big way, and you'll see more of that as well. So that's somewhat into our numbers too that you probably can't see at the moment.
Alan B. Graf: Well, I think the key here is what we've talked about several times. When IP is in a declining mode and IE package is in a strong growth mode, that's a big factor, and we think that's going to continue. I mean we took significant haircuts, that Mike mentioned earlier, to our calendar year '13 numbers. And so we see the economy not improving from here. And I watched Mr. Fisher this morning, the ex-Fed member, saying that he thought the economy was at stall, at current. And I think that it's -- not a voting member, he's still currently there. I think that's what we're seeing. So we anticipate more of the same in the second quarter for Express. And also, we'll have some fuel headwinds versus the previous year at Express the way the fuel surcharges and our bands are working out in terms of price increases in the lag. So fuel's definitely an impact, but not going to see much improvement in Express in the second quarter as we keep our service levels high. And we'll be telling you in October what we're going to do and when we're going to do it at Express. So those are the 2 keys.
Alan B. Graf: This is Alan. Look, we're going to continue to build scale at FTN, and we're going to continue the expansion. But there is not a customer out there right now that FTN can't compete for, which is a position we haven't been in until just recently. So that's going to be an important part of our game plan, as Fred mentioned.
Alan B. Graf: Sure. I'll let Dave get some specifics. This is Alan. I'm going to just say again and iterate this, we manage the U.S. domestic business as a portfolio. And if you combine our Ground and Express domestic businesses, you have one heck of a great profit story. And in fact, Express domestic's profitability is good, even despite there's a 5% volume decline, because we're managing the heck out of it. So I'll turn it over to Dave.
Alan B. Graf: Just to finish the thought up, yes, there will be a significant amount of SG&A reduction around all FedEx Corporation on top of what we're doing at Express, and that would be my part of the show.
