John Dietrich: And I'm not going to speak specifically to the number you raised with regard to the remainder of the year on DRIVE except to say that we are committed to the $1.8 billion for the fiscal year. And I think it's safe to assume that's spread across all of our operating companies. And with regard to your question on surface, it's predominantly Ground. But as we continue to migrate towards Network 2.0 and through our DRIVE initiatives, there's a lot of complementary work that's being done together by the teams. So those savings are being realized both at Express and Ground.
John Dietrich: We're quite pleased with the progress we've made at Express and the margin expansion. As Raj mentioned, this is all of our primary focus to continue that expansion and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for us in DRIVE. With regard to Europe, that will be a key focus area of ours and we are committed to the $600 million that you mentioned. And the Postal Service, certainly, as we're negotiating towards the deal, if that deal were to materialize, you would expect that it's mutually beneficial for both sides. So we're looking forward to bringing that to closure as soon as possible. And all of that will contribute to our ability to continue to expand our margins at our largest sector at Express.
John Dietrich: And from a reporting standpoint, and we'll be providing more details regarding the new reporting structure as we go forward. But I think it's fair to say that we'll continue to break out both Ground and Express yield and volume by service as we currently do and frankly, continue to provide sufficient data for you all to monitor the performance in those business segments.
John Dietrich: I'll start with that last point, because I think it's worth repeating on the weather piece, which ties into some of our digital strategies and our ability to adapt, to allow for what was substantially poor weather here in Memphis to be rerouted in a manner that had an immaterial impact on us. So as you'd expect, there was a lot of moving parts at Express, both positive and negative and the levers of DRIVE, the focus on flight reductions. For example, we had 5% fewer flight hours in the quarter. And there are some additional benefits that flow from that on your cost side, because when you're not flying airplanes, you're able to avoid certain maintenance costs. The air ops team is doing an exceptional job of managing its cost for aircraft undergrounded, whether you're using what's called green time on engines that are available, limiting your inventory purchases and so forth. So it's really across the gamut where we're seeing improvement there, all in the midst of some revenue headwinds that Raj and Brie talked about. So we're going to continue to keep our head down and focused on our costs. One of the things I'd like to say this is a journey, not a destination and we still have a long way to go at Express, and it is our primary focus and look forward to keeping you posted on further improvements.
John Dietrich: I think what I would add to that as well is, to your comment about kind of changing environment, the teams meet weekly on this. And there are some programs that are delivering more than we expected and there are some programs that are delivering less than we expected, but we're always looking to fill the pipeline as well on additional opportunities. And that's an ongoing project and that speaks to DRIVE being part of our culture going forward, that's not going to stop. And we're going to adapt to a changing environment and I think that will help us as we move forward.
John Dietrich: I'll start with the last one. It's about to be rolled out. It has not been completed and Brie can talk more about that in a minute. But Q3, as I mentioned earlier, was a combination of things. We saw, while the revenue was soft, we're focused on quality revenue, the cost controls were solid and strong and there were some other levers that were alluded to earlier. As you can see, variable comp, for example, is down. So that was a contributor. But all these things taken together resulted in us and our focus on improving our results for Q3.
John Dietrich: And let me start by saying on that $2.2 billion, that's certainly our goal to have that all flow through. But we have to be realistic and understand that a lot of the pressures that we're seeing today are expected to continue for a while. And while we're going to continue to focus on those things within our control, there are certain things outside of our control. And so our goal is to have as much pass through to the bottom line as possible and we look forward to keeping you up to speed on that, including when we next talk in June. With regard to Ground, exceptional story, exceptional performance from the team. I believe those margins are sustainable. And there's still a number of projects in the pipeline that allow us to continue to grow and expand that business and those margins. So again, that's going to be our focus as well.
John Dietrich: I'll start on the first part on the calendar year. As you'd expect with everything going on, there's legal and accounting exercises that need to take place to get us through this next period, including June 1 date of One FedEx. But I can share, it's certainly on my radar to migrate towards that and we'll keep you posted on developments towards that.
John Dietrich: Yes, certainly, there's going to be some investment required when you're consolidating facilities, particularly sort facilities but there's also upside in that you're able to reduce your facilities footprint along the way. So that will involve certainly some planning and processes, analysis and all that. But we're excited actually about the end game here and that is our overall footprint will far -- the benefits of that will far exceed the investment and contribute to a really efficient network.
John Dietrich: And I'll speak to the Ground piece. And I think one of the drivers of the margin expansion and cost control at Ground was lower line haul expense that I alluded to. And we moved a lot of high cost and ad hoc external line-haul spend into our scheduled network. And as a result, achieved lower rates on the planned line haul purchase transportation. And this is all part of a broader optimization and ongoing optimization that's taking place in the network through DRIVE and through Network 2.0. And so every aspect and even those first and last mile will be part of that. And we're also leveraging the capacity that we have. And we do have some additional capacity in the ground network that can absorb additional volumes at no incremental cost. So that should help improve margins as well.
Brie Carere: I think from a competitive environment perspective, yes, it is competitive, but I don't think that's particularly different in our industry. We're very used to a competitive environment and the market does feel quite rational to me. When we look at the yield, focus for the team, I'm actually pleased with the discipline of both the sales and the pricing organization. If you remove the fuel headwind across each one of our segments, Express, Ground and FedEx Freight, we have kind of low single digit yield improvement on the base. So I think the team is continuing to execute on our revenue quality strategy. And from a momentum perspective, we do have some headwinds this year that will diminish next year, especially in the international market. If you think about calendar year '23 from an air freight perspective, the overall air freight market yields decreased between 30% and 40%, that is not going to repeat next year. And then, of course, from an international demand surcharge, it will continue to be a headwind in FY25 but less of a headwind than this fiscal year.
Brie Carere: And Ken, I'm just happy to clarify, from a Network 2.0 perspective, the Canada plan has not changed. Alaska and Hawaii are done and we are beginning the rollout of the integration in Canada that will begin this April, and we will be done before peak and it's on track.
Brie Carere: From a USPS contract, I really can't say more than I already said earlier. In short, we are feeling very positive about the negotiations, both parties are working eagerly, we're at the table. I think we are days or weeks away from knowing if we will have a contract, not months. And as we have shared previously, their current contract ends on September 29th. So we will know very, very soon. And I'm certainly not at liberty to talk about the details of a future contract.
Brie Carere: And honestly, from lessons learned, I think the team feels really good about their execution to date, to Raj's point, we have seen kind of the P&D benefits that we anticipated as well as we've seen the team be able to execute from a service perspective. I will say we are being very disciplined, we're being very methodical and we are giving customers the advanced notice as we go into market. That was one piece of feedback for customers. Even though we anticipate being able to deliver the same level of service with the combined organization as we are as the individual, they do want that notification. And so we, of course, are giving customers that advanced notification. And to Raj's point, on the positive, I cannot under-emphasize how important that single pickup is to our small customer segment. This has been the only feature gap we had to UPS in that segment and we are about to close it. So I'm pretty excited about that.
Brie Carere: John Smith and Scott Ray are crushing it. When we went back and looked at our Q4 the toughest quarter to -- I should say, Q4 calendar year, the toughest quarter to deliver awesome service, not only are we faster, I am quite confident, we -- on those higher standards, from a delivery service perspective, we also had better reliability. How are they doing this? It's discipline. It's day in and day out execution. We look at our service metrics every single morning. We talk about Net Promoter Score every week at our Revenue Management Committee. And to Raj's coverage, on the integrated leadership team now with the service organization, we absolutely expect to extend that across the entire network, and I just could not be more appreciative of our operators and how well they're doing.
Brie Carere: I think we've got the best returns portfolio in the market. When you look at our retail coverage as well as our transportation solution, it is best-in-class. And when we looked at our January numbers, the FedEx Ground returns portfolio did see some healthy growth. You layer that on with the new announcement of our FDX platform, we are going to be the only provider that has not only the physical capabilities but a very comprehensive digital capability. And what do I mean by that? We are going to be able to help all retailers, brands and merchants process their returns on their Web site, manage their exchanges, manage the inventory, integrate their branded tracking and communications to customers. It's a really powerful offering. As I mentioned earlier, we started to preview this with some customers. We've got some pretty big names in what we're calling our private preview. And I look forward to sharing more results once we do the full launch later in the fall. I think I'll stop there. I'm enthusiastic about this…
Brie Carere: I think from a peak perspective, we're really pleased with how we're managing peak from a service, from a customer and from a profitability perspective. First and foremost, the team starts literally now for this coming peak. And what do I mean by that? We are already talking to customers about what their peak requirements are for next year. And so that John and Scott have advanced planning. And then, of course, as we get closer to peak, we take the top 100 customers and we are managing forecast on a weekly basis. I think some of the integrated planning that we are doing with Dataworks is also incredibly helpful so that we have real time information. We're not waiting for spreadsheets should be passed over, but we've actually got real time visibility into some of our largest customers, which has been incredibly helpful. So I don't anticipate us doing much different this year but more of the same. And again, I also was really pleased with the peak surcharge capture. We are ensuring that the customers that really drive the investment we need in December we're getting recruited for that cost. So we feel good.
Raj Subramaniam: Bascome, let me start, and then John can add on to this. First of all, we are well on track to complete our consolidation of FedEx operating companies. This has been -- a lot of great work has already been done and into one streamlined and simplified organization. I think two words kind of describe this move, one is efficiency, the other one is effectiveness. I think we are looking forward to the structure that actually moves us forward on both fronts. And I think at the end of the day, this transformation efforts will set us up to drive improved performance and profitability over the long term. I'll give it to John to talk about the rest of it.
Raj Subramaniam: I think I'm going to take a minute here to talk about Tricolor, because I think it's a good opportunity. So bear with me for the time I'm going to take here. Firstly, Tricolor is a fundamental redesign of our network to improve the utilization of assets, our ROIC, profitability and our operating margin. And first and foremost, our overall capacity will be determined by the demand environment and Tricolor will allow us to better flex our capacity to mass demand. Now within that capacities when we'll break it into three networks, purple, orange in white, we call it, and that cater to the different cohorts of traffic. The idea is to move the right product and the right network while reducing the cost to serve. The purple network will be a highly optimized and a leaner network designed to move international priority parcel volume that protects our value proposition in different geographies. Now this network now becomes much more parcel centric, will have significantly better service but also density, and that density will improve the revenue proposition and revenue per flight. Now turning to the orange network, that will cater to the premium freight traffic. And these are FedEx planes that will operate off cycle from the purple system, which allows two things. Firstly, it allows us the ability, once again, to maximize density and asset utilization. It also de-congest hubs and improve service. But most importantly, it allows a truck fly truck model that reduces the cost to serve. And in this context, it should be noted that we are fully leveraging the existing capacity in our trucking networks in the US and Europe. Prior to fiscal '24, we haven't really moved any international freight shipments in our market leading LTL network with FXF. And now it's already begun to change, but in Tricolor it will take for hold here. So by doing so, we reduced the cost to serve and we are able to target more of the premium air freight segment. Now I'm going to call it a new term, think of it as the global LTL segment, that's what this is about. Now as you rightly asked, are we adding capacity to go up a low yield and profit, answer is no. We are going to get the overall capacity by the premium demand. It should also be noted that 20% of the global air freight shipments approximately drive about 80% of the weight, which is a primary target for freight forwarders. We're going to focus on the other 80% that will readily work with the model I described. So the white network then is primarily use of passenger billing capacity to move lower yielding e-commerce and deferred track. So these three networks working in concert with high technological orchestration is what we call Tricolor. Let me just reinforce again that it helps the baseline productivity, it improves our existing asset utilization and makes the entire system more efficient. And we're going to manage the execution of Tricolor with the rigor of drive and to ensure success. So again, thanks for the question.
Raj Subramaniam: And Brian, I don't think I have much to add to what John has talked about. I think the idea that we use our latest and greatest in digital tools and the notion that we are now able to look at FedEx as a overarching network and able to move things helps us. Of course, we’ve got to -- you've got to see as the weather patterns that are very impossible to predict, but I'm just pleased with the work that we did this time around, and we'll continue to get better in this regard.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I think we introduced Tricolor in the last conference call and I think this design is just being put in place as we're speaking here. And so in terms of the DRIVE commitments, we had originally talked about $4 billion by FY25 and less than 50% in FY24, where we will hit those numbers, right, for FY24 and on track for FY25. And again, the other part of it, of course, is Network 2.0, which we said $2 billion by FY27, and that's underway. So with the focus on making sure that we have structural cost reductions, we have network redesigns with the whole FedEx portfolio in play. And the idea that we are moving forward on our digital tools, all three are working. And I think we've got work to do but we made some good progress. John is going to add more as just said.
Raj Subramaniam: I think first of all, Network 2.0 is on track. Let me just take a step back here. You'll recall that we said we plan to deliver $2 billion in savings by the end of fiscal '27, and we are taking that measured and deliberate approach. And as we just rolled out our new leadership structure in the United States, and it's obviously a much more streamlined structure and much more effective structure and essentially with the goal of putting one truck and one neighborhood design into action. We are encouraged by the early results we're seeing in the initial rollout as well so far Network 2.0 model on the whole [teed] approximately 10% reduction in P&D costs and maintained very strong service levels. As we become more tech enabled in this regard, we'll deliver even greater improvements. And as we have already talked about, we are focused on implementation of Canada before peak. And I'm also happy to say that I'm very excited about Network 2.0 from a service perspective because it will drive a better customer pickup experience. So we are on our way, on track and again, some ways to go.
Raj Subramaniam: And Helane, as part to your second question, all I can say is that we, as a team, are very much convinced that we have a unique story at FedEx here. At the opportunities that we have won in the industry is one thing, but within the industry, we have a unique opportunity because of the strategies that we have deployed. We started moving early than anybody else. We are performing better than our competition, both on the top and the bottom line. And we have a longer runway because of the opportunities we have identified. And so we will try to educate as many people as we possibly can on our strategy and where we are. But we are just seeing the early stages of what's possible at FedEx. Any one particular quarter sometimes kind of throw you off but the long term strategy is sound and we all believe in it, and it's going to be a good run in the next three, four years.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, I wanted Brie to answer that question because she holds their feet to the fire every single day. So I'm glad that you heard that answer directly from Brie.
Raj Subramaniam: I'll just say this much, when we integrated of these customers, even I can program and there's no cohort environment I can set up the returns policy. So if I can do that, anyone can do it.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, operator. In closing, we saw continued operating income growth, margin expansion despite lower revenue for the third consecutive quarter, and this is clear evidence that DRIVE is working. While these results are encouraging, it is our top priority to maintain momentum and continue to transform our network and the way we work. Once again, let me thank our FedEx team members for their hard work and dedication to delivering outstanding customer service. I'm really proud of the work that we have accomplished as we continue to build the world's most flexible, efficient and intelligent network. Thank you for your time and attention today.
