Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website, where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. And now, Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Mickey Foster: Now I'd like to open our question-and-answer session. And please remember, callers are limited to one question, so we can accommodate everyone.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, this is Raj. Let me answer that question. The supply chain constraints we're seeing today are two-fold. One is because of the lack of supply of critical components like semiconductors and the second is because of the congestions we're seeing in the port. Now as you know, FedEx gets out traffic a few miles downstream from the port, and that supply chain is actually flowing pretty good through the United States. Of course, we are also flying over the top and delivering high-value goods from the global economy through the system. We expect the supply chain constraints to stay for some time. The air cargo capacity is going to be constrained for some more time, and we are very well positioned for success here. Let me also add this point that we have the network flexibility to scale up and down. The size and scale of our network is massive for us to be able to manage the cost accordingly as well. But for the foreseeable future, I think there is strong demand for our services internationally.
Raj Subramaniam: Ravi, this is Raj. Let me just say that the e-commerce market is growing very strongly, as Brie pointed out the numbers in her remarks. We are in the center of that e-commerce growth ecosystem. When you talk about any retailers and their omnichannel story, what often gets missed is the FedEx story that's right behind it, underneath it. And as you can see from our growth in the last – these two fiscal years, we're going to grow more than $20 billion, and so we're not lacking for growth. When people talk about the last mile, sometimes and most times, they forget about the first few thousand miles. And again, some of the statistics that people see and talk about are so misleading that I don't even know what to say about that.
Raj Subramaniam: And Ken, let me add to that by saying this much. Firstly, the first and most important point is the demand for our services is very robust. The pricing environment is very robust. The labor headwinds start to recede in the second half. The investments that we have made get more efficient as we go into the second half and the technology investments that make us more efficient as well. So we expect in the second half, our profit and operating margins to improve year-over-year, and we get double-digit. So I guess that answers that question.
Raj Subramaniam: And Jack, let me add one point to what Brie just mentioned. The ability for us to access low-cost intra-European networks for our international business in and out of Europe, that's the cost advantage as well in addition to all the portfolio and revenue opportunities that Brie just talked about.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. The answer to that question, Jordan, is that we are targeting second double-digit margins for the second half and improved year-over-year margins and improved year-over-year operating profit. So in terms of your other question, I'm sorry, say that again, I didn't quite understand it.
Raj Subramaniam: So we hired at the rate of 10,000 to 12,000 per week since Q2. And again, our objective here is to make sure that these team members stay with us post peak and that we have the labor situations to make our networks more efficient. The whole problem was our networks were inefficient. And now even as we speak, we are reloading packages back to where it should be in the first place. And that's what's going to make the difference.
Raj Subramaniam: And Helane, on the carbon-neutral goals, we have announced and we are very proud of it, the fact that we announced that we achieved carbon neutrality across our global operations by 2040, and we didn't do this casually. We thought about this a lot. And vehicle electrification is a key path to our success here. We are expanding the use of electric vehicles that will lead to significant reductions. We expect that 50% of FedEx Express global PUD vehicles will be electric by 2025, rising to 100% of purchases by 2030. So we're making good progress there. We have line of sight on the over-the-road vehicles. On the SAFs, yes, we will obviously look at that, but SAF represents a very small piece of the demand, and also the cost is not where it needs to be yet. So we know that there's some fundamental research needs to be done to really address this issue, and that's part of the reason why we're investing $100 million with the Yale to create the Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture. And again, the initial work and focus on to offset the equivalent of carbon emissions from the aviation industry. So lots more to come here. But again, this is something we are very serious about and working with the best minds to get the answers.
Raj Subramaniam: And let me just reiterate that FedEx Freight is an important part of our overall enterprise strategy, and our results at FedEx Freight, our outstanding margins illustrate that our strategy is working.
Raj Subramaniam: We're not going to break out the numbers for you that you asked for, but let me just address it qualitatively. The rationale for the integration remains as sound as it was when we made the acquisition. The portfolio in Europe, we're talking about international. In and out of Europe, in the continental, we are very strong there. Intra-European Express, we are doing pretty good. It's the intra-European Ground business that we didn't have very minimal share. Well, with TNT, we have the best player in that business. Now that being part of this portfolio and we will stay very disciplined on the international domestic business, we now have the portfolio to make it successful and piece it all together not only from a customer value proposition perspective, but also from a cost of moving international, especially economy goods on the road. So I hope that answered the question, but we feel that – and also, the restructuring program that we announced earlier this calendar year is on track to make sure that we are as efficient as possible in Europe. So a lot of things going on. Very excited about what April 2022 brings.
Raj Subramaniam: The LTL side, our utilization is strong, but we are very disciplined in how we manage that business. The revenue quality and efficiency are watchwords as we – we are the number one revenue share in this segment, and so all I would say there is that the demand for our business continues strong. Our revenue quality remains strong, and we will be very judicious in how we add capacity.
Mike Lenz: So Ken, this is Mike. Let me just highlight a couple aspects there as you think about the second half. So Ground had the most significant impact from the labor availability challenges. So that, again, has significantly impacted margin and profit this quarter. As we move through the rest of the fiscal year, we'll see further mitigation of that somewhat in Q3, particularly in Q4, if you recall, the labor market began to turn around that period of time. So we'll be lapping some of that plus, we will have fully address the network inefficiencies. That said, we're not projecting any change in the labor rates because that is a step change that we think will persist.
Mike Lenz: No, Tom, you're thinking about it in the right format there. Certainly, in December here, as the peak volume surge, we are continuing to navigate the network inefficiencies. But coming off a peak when the package handler count would otherwise perhaps go down further, we will stabilize that at a different level in order to optimize going forward. And just to reiterate, we're not assuming any reduction in the base pay rates as it were of labor from the market because I think that's well documented. That's here to stay, and we're managing to that going forward.
Mike Lenz: So Chris, let me go at it this way. So first the three key components for driving the second half of the year are the pricing initiatives, the labor aspects that we just covered, as well as the headwinds we had in second half of last year. So as Brie mentioned, we're being very thoughtful about the various pricing levers and initiatives. So recall that the GRI goes into effect in January and that the surcharges – certain surcharges that we announced back in September, first of those hit in November. So we only had one month in the second quarter, so that will hit the whole year, as well as the ongoing contract renewals. So those are three key things to keep front and center when you're thinking about drivers for the second half of the year. As far as the broader guidance overall, Q2 was above our expectations. As Raj mentioned, the labor impacts actually came in right in line with what we anticipated back in September, but we executed strongly on our revenue quality initiatives. We managed and deferred the various expenses, and we were able to accommodate incremental demand, particularly from Asia Pacific. So the combination of the second quarter, our outlook for the second half of the year and then, of course, the impact of the ASR on share count is the last component in terms of when you think about the pieces of the overall annual guidance change. So hopefully, that helps frame that.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Duane, this is Mike. I think, certainly, opportunity to explore that further in June, but I would just emphasize that the announcement of the authorization is just a logical evolution in where we have been in terms of capital allocation and strengthening the balance sheet. You recall, we repurchased – we paid down some debt in the fourth quarter of 2021. We increased the dividend 15% this past June. We continue to thoughtfully invest in the business for efficiency as well as growth. So this initiative is just as part of the overall capital allocation, and so that's just the next step along the way, and we can elaborate more and explore further in June.
Mike Lenz: Hey, Jordan. This is Mike. Another aspect as we've aggressively addressed this situation is in terms of the flexibility, in terms of scheduling and engaging employees, such that it's not as binary as full-time, part-time there. And that there's the scheduling flexibility helps us well in terms of navigating labor availability when and where you need it.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Brian, it obviously depends on the precise timing and market conditions, but it would be somewhat north of $0.20 per share for the balance of the – in terms of the overall annual EPS. As it relates to the hiring, as Raj said, we've set a record in terms of applications two weeks ago for hourly positions at vacant. So we expect to continue to see progress on that front, and we'll be very mindful of how that evolves.
Mike Lenz: Helane, this is Mike. I'll take the first part of that. Yes, we are aware of proposed legislation related to the repurchase, as you mentioned there. Our transaction will largely complete in December. So we'll just have to see how that would play out subsequent to that, but that's the accelerated share repurchase delivers much of it upfront.
Mike Lenz: Yes. David, it's Mike. It's just important to reiterate that completing the physical integration here at the end of this fiscal year really sets the foundation to enable this opportunity going forward, and we can certainly expand upon that in further detail when you all come visit us in June.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Bruce, this is Mike. ADS grew 3% in the quarter. The revenue quality focus came through in the bottom line, and we continue with our initiatives to incorporate technology into the LTL business to do exactly what you ask about there and enhance the efficiency and utilization of our assets.
Mike Lenz: So Todd, this is Mike. I know we threw a lot at you as it relates to the initiatives there, but they will continue to build in terms of – labor is one piece. We talked about the new facilities we opened. Those facilities aren't as efficient at the outset. We are making – we are seeing that from those that we opened last year. We're also exploring different ways to even fully utilize those assets, the technology elements that Raj highlighted. So there's a number of components there that come together and will be integral to driving Ground profitability and margins higher, and so we're very optimistic about the trajectory there, and getting past this headwind of the labor right now really will be a good launching point for these other aspects to gain even more traction.
Frederick Smith: This is Smith here. There is a massive margin improvement opportunity. Raj, you can talk about the rest of it.
Frederick Smith: Well, we have expressed to both Republican and Democratic administrations that we feel that it was a major mistake for the United States to walk away from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. What that agreement did was to allow us to deepen our trade ties with our other trading partners. And of course, given the leadership of Japan, the other participants did go forward with it. So the best way to normalize the relationships with China is to sign TPP and get a more normalized trading relationship, which China would like to then join. And on the broader issue, obviously, we feel very strongly. As our great Secretary of State, Cordell Hull, said decades ago, he and Roosevelt were really the architects of United States promoting open trade. It's when goods cross borders, armies rarely do. So the best way to keep a harmonious relationship with China is not to disconnect, to trade where we can. And that's what we support. And I'm hopeful that at the end of the day that cooler heads will prevail, and we'll join the TPP and we will try to have that constructive relationship with China. The reality is people forget about this, and all of the populous politics. The trade that the United States promoted in the last 30 years gave each household in the United States an increase in disposable income of about $10,000 or $11,000. I mean it was a huge benefit, an enormous tax decrease. So we are strong free traders, and we think we should stay engaged in China, and we hope the administration does that. And I quite frankly, am optimistic because I think at the end of the day, that view will eventually prevail. Particularly in a period of labor shortage, it's impossible for the United States to manufacture all the goods that consumers in the United States want. So I hope that was helpful.
Frederick Smith: Bascome, we appreciate the question. We are very proud of the results of FedEx Freight and we see great opportunity going forward. That's a key part of the overall enterprise strategy. Raj highlighted some of the collaboration initiatives. It will have a key role as well as it grows the very successful FedEx Freight Direct product that's being well received. And so I think it will be just continuing to focus on the success as the largest LTL carrier in terms of the revenue quality and sustainability of the performance of the Freight business as a stand-alone as well as the synergies that will accrue to the overall enterprise as we increase collaboration beyond what Raj highlighted earlier.
