Fred Smith: Next question comes from David Ross of Stifel. Did Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma hurt operating performance due to airport closures or does clean up relief demand end up making up for some of those headwinds? I think we covered some of that but, Dave, you and Raj may want to comment on it.
Fred Smith: How has fulfillment offer -- the fulfillment offering been received in a competitive market and what is the ultimate market opportunity for FedEx, again, from Brian Ossenbeck at J.P. Morgan. How is the rollout of FedEx Fulfillment services progressing and what are the longer-term revenue objectives for the service, do you expect it to be material or a complementary service? That’s from David Vernon of Bernstein. So Raj and Henry.
Fred Smith: It’s about 10%. It’s certainly going to grow as a percentage, but will it be half, I doubt it and the business courier, anybody in this room, will it be 20% per day, 18% per day, who knows. But I think you see the purchase of Amazon of Whole Foods, they want to be in the grocery business. Groceries are heavy, hard to handle, people like to come and see the produce and so forth. I’ve been in the grocery business twice, once as an Independent Director at Malone & Hyde, which was a big wholesale grocery business and later for many years as a Director at General Mills. And I have to tell you, it’s one of the toughest businesses in the world with very low margins and very, very good competitors. So I think there’s going to be more of this. I think you’re going to see e-tailers become more brick-and-mortar and I think you’re going to see brick-and-mortar become more e-tailers. And how that all shakes out, I don’t know, but we believe as a management team that we have the assets in place to be able to participate in these markets extremely well and we just have to, as Alan said, make sure we keep it in balance. I mean, we had extraordinary growth this last quarter in a couple of our e-commerce customers that really were very surprising to all of us. So same time you have got that going on, you have announcements like the Amazon-Kohl’s announcement just today, I think, it was about returns, and Best Buy, as Amazon products. The -- what is the -- they have their Alexa, yeah, how -- my goodness, my grandkids love them, so they can talk to Alexa all the time. So they’re just laying Alexas at Best Buys for sale. So all of this is not quite as pristine as a lot of people would like to think about it and I think over the next few years there are a lot of moving parts here and you have to be flexible and nimble to be able to deal with the market as it evolves, because you’re not going to be able to predict exactly how it’s going to evolve, that I promise you. So sorry for the long winded answer, but it’s not a question that lends itself to a simple reply. So we got a couple more here, okay. Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Is TNT’s customer mix skewed to lower price, less service-sensitive businesses, do you expect to change this customer mix over time to support the stronger profitability in the combined TNT FedEx Europe operations? Dave Bronczek, giving it to Cunningham because it’s...
Fred Smith: Let me just close off here with something I think is very important for the people that follow FedEx to recognize, particularly in a time where there’s all this very problematic geopolitical rhetoric going on. The world is becoming wealthier almost everywhere. Hundreds and hundreds of millions of people have risen out of the middle -- out of property into the middle class in China, in India, in Africa, these enormous populations and they are all equipped now with cellular telephones and access to the Internet or the vast majority, and that more -- more than anything else which is what e-commerce on steroids. So you’re seeing fundamental demand at the individual level drive companies to export and international e-commerce to grow. That’s why we put up CrossBorder. And I think a very big part of the increase in “air cargo demand” is being driven by these e-commerce demands at the individual or the various country levels. And we’re very proud of the network that we’ve developed in India and China and Indonesia and Southeast Asia, I could go on, Mexico. Certainly wish our Mexican teammates well with this earthquake. So that’s a big, secular trend that is driving an awful lot of things and I think that as much as any type of cyclicality of traditional product flows in “air cargo” is something that’s here to stay. So, on that, I think that we should tie it off and give it back to Mickey here.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. I’ll comment on it. Obviously, we’re affected like everybody else. When the storm hit, we were had to close down. We opened up right away. We had pre-staged materials for our employees and for the communities in advance of the storms. Those things we could do. Unfortunately, for example, today in Mexico City, they had an earthquake which we can’t pre-stage. So we have very little effect in our base business, I would say. We’ve recovered very well. On service has been great, the customers have been great. I personally flew on that relief flight down to Miami and the communities down there welcomed our help and our supplies and so did our employees.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. Brian, we do not breakout our business by industry segment. But it’s important to recognize that retail is one of the wide range of industries that we serve, healthcare, automotive, airspace, financial services, construction, the list goes on and on. It’s also important to recognize that we provide our services for several retailers that are performing very well and are growing their business with FedEx. We continue to deliver millions of packages to stores which is obviously a B2B move. As you said, more and more retailers are evolving their business model to compete with pure-play retailers and we see this as an opportunity to provide even better value for our customers, whether it is fulfilling from store or a DC, we have a portfolio of services that we can cater to their needs. And furthermore, there are opportunities for retailers to provide unique value to their customers by leveraging their infrastructure in combination with the services that we provide. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. Let me just kick it off. Thank you for the question. We think there is significant potential for growth for FedEx Fulfillment, especially serving small and medium customers. FedEx Fulfillment is best suited for companies who manage approximately 50 to 2,000 orders per day and as you can imagine, this is a growing customer segment and we are very excited about the opportunities ahead.  It gives the companies an opportunity to focus on their core business while we manage warehouse and fulfillment inventory, transportation management, reverse logistics and so on. We have opened a second fulfillment facility in California earlier this month. And if customers use both our facilities in Fontana and in Greensborough, Indianapolis, they can reach 94% of the U.S. population in two days via FedEx ground. Let me turn it over to Henry.
Raj Subramaniam: David, thank you for the question. Manufacturing growth has been robust in the recent few months and the inventory to sales ratio has been quite low. And as I said earlier, the trade has been strongest since 2011 and there is also synchronous trade growth across the globe. Also, the capacity addition has been in check for both cargo and passenger airlines, so we see continued strength in the market. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: As a matter of policy, we do not release that information. All I can say on this is we are committed to our pricing strategies that drive a balance between volume and yield growth and as you can see over the past few years, we have done that very, very successfully. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: I’ll just say that returns represent 20% to 30% of all the goods transported through e-commerce and in fact that we have a terrific transportation portfolio and now with FedEx Supply Chain, we have end-to-end solution for returns.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. I’m not going to comment on the market share directory other than to say that dimensional weight pricing is a very common industry practice and it allows us to make the best use of space in our aircraft and vehicles, and also encourages our customers to make packaging adjustments. Ultimately, efficient packaging is increases the sustainability of operations as well. So it’s a common industry practice and we are very comfortable with the changes we made.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you for the question. As I said before, this is the fastest freight growth we’ve seen since 2011. The trade growth is 1.4 times GDP for the first half of this calendar year and typically it’s been roughly at GDP for the last few years. So what’s driving it? It’s driving -- what is come -- the manufacturing especially in the technology sector is a key driver of this trend for this year. We expect that to be continue for the rest of the year. As to how far freight versus GDP goes forward, I can’t comment on that, that’s very early -- too early to say.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Let me just add, we opened up the first facility in February of this year and the second in June. This is a for profit business. It drives ancillary transportation revenue and we’re pretty excited about the potential for the business going forward.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David and Brian. SmartPost redirect or what we call delivery optimization enables us to increase delivery density by matching a SmartPost package to a home delivery package that is going to the same or adjacent address on the same day. We make these matching decisions in real time and we’re seeing great progress, although, this capability was only launched about seven weeks ago. We anticipate this will continue through peak and it’s very important to remember that our objective with delivery optimization is to increase density of delivery, the number of packages per stop, as well as adjacent deliveries.
Henry Maier: Thanks, Ben, for the question. FedEx Ground service providers can choose the type of vehicle to deliver packages that best meets their business’ needs, while complying with the appropriate regulations. It is one of the many decisions that entrepreneurs who own these businesses make every day to ensure the best possible customer service while considering safety, reliability and what makes the most economic sense for their business.
Henry Maier: Okay. Well, thanks for the question, guys. Well, let me remind, everyone, that we have over 100 automated facilities in the network today and we believe FedEx Ground has one of the most automated sortation networks in the industry. Let me begin with the load side. Load side is a little bit less mature and developed. We are, however, employing sensor technologies that ensures maximum use of trailer space during the loading process, thereby improving our load factor and this sensor technology includes tools that allow us to provide very quick feedback to our workforce about loading techniques. On the unload side, it’s a little bit more mature and developed. We’ve had underway and that’s -- we’ve had efforts underway in that space for almost two years. We’re examining two different systems that utilize a combination of robotic technology including sensing, movement and intelligence, with bulk unloading techniques. We’re seeing some really good results in that area. Longer term, our approach will be to figure out this technology as we move forward with new building design.
Henry Maier: Well, we acquired GENCO, FedEx Supply Chain because of their return to dispositioning capabilities and they process hundreds of millions of returns a year. Their primary business is the business of repairing or disposition, something comes back so that the merchant or ultimate seller of those goods doesn’t have to deal with it. The benefit to FedEx is, is that we play in the transportation side of that, so we get the double whammy here. We get the ability to participate in the transportation and we get the value-add around the services that FedEx Supply Chain provides. Raj is probably better suited to comment on the growth returns in the industry based on what we’re seeing with e-commerce, but it’s a significant place that we need to play going forward, hence the reason why we thought GENCO was such a good fit to FedEx.
Henry Maier: Well, purchase transportation expense is primarily driven by increased volume and higher rates, included in that number is postage. If you think about the fact and the Ground network that all of our transportation is purchased, whether it’s P&D, line haul or what we ultimately tender to the U.S. Postal Service, it all shows up in that line and it moves pretty closely with the growth in volume.
