Raj Subramaniam: Allison, thank you for the question. Let me just start off, and then I will have Henry answer the details here, but the most important thing that happened to us here was the timing. We have as we'd -- on the calendar we incurred a lot of the cost of running up to peak in Q2 with none of the revenue benefits, as we talked about, and that, you combine that with the slowing down of the commercial segment resulted in the results for Q2. Let met turn it over to Henry to see what he has to add.
Raj Subramaniam: And this is Raj again, the risk of being repetitive, I cannot underemphasize our focus on revenue quality. Renewed focus on B2B, gaining on small medium segment and all the things Brie just talked about this is very important for us.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, again thanks for that question. Yes, we are actually, the commercial velocity that we're seeing in Europe is quite good. As we talked about earlier it's the best we have seen since the beginning of the integration and parcel volume growth intra-Europe and in Europe is starting to starting to park up here. So, and at the same time, we are starting to kick off our integration milestones next, as I pointed out earlier, we will by end of May of this fiscal year 2020, we are expecting to be interoperable, and then proceed on to fiscal year 2021. So, we're not waiting for the full integration to get all the benefits, we are generating those as we speak. And we are seeing the volume growth come and good commercial velocity. I'm going to turn it over to Don for any comments he may have on Europe.
Raj Subramaniam: The last thing I would add to that is what's encouraging to me is the fact that this growth is happening in light of what's not a very strong macroeconomic set of circumstances. So team is out there, we believe they're taking share, they're growing our business aggressively. We're hoping as both I think Fred and Alan mentioned earlier, on a more macro level of certainty that comes along with hopefully some good news on Brexit also has this, encourage although we haven't dialed that into a plan. So I like where we sit. I like how the team is executing, right now as we go into the back half of the year.
Henry Maier: Yes, hi, Allison. The thing I would add here is that most of the costs you're seeing is the timing of peak and the six and seven-day operation being set up. We began operating seven days a week on November 3rd, and it's going to take a while for the volume and revenue and the network to catch up and cover the expense, and I think I didn't hear the full part of your first question, but I think it had something to do with yields, and I think that, as Raj probably said, is due to mix.
Henry Maier: Well, I'm not sure what more I would add there. I mean we've talked about this. Most of the cost, 60% of the margin impact, as Alan pointed out, is the timing of peak this year, and by the way, it's a peak that's six days less than last year, so you have this volume that has to be handled in a much shorter timeline than it did last year, that takes more drivers, that takes more package handlers, that takes more line haul, et cetera, across the operation to get done, and then there is the bow wave of cost with the implementation of six and seven-day that wasn't in these numbers last year. Every day at FedEx Ground is now a service day and it takes a minimal number of people in order to staff these operations to provide the service.
Henry Maier: Hey, Ben, it's Henry Maier. AB5 legislation relates to the legal test under which an individual's employment classification should be determined under California law. Since 2011, FedEx Ground is only contracted with independent incorporated companies, not individuals, and they must classify and treat their staff as employees under applicable state and local laws. So at this time, we don't believe it impacts us. Thanks.
Fred Smith: Well, this is Smith here. I don't know again how much more that Raj, and Henry, and Alan can say about it. Standing up to six and seven-day network was very expensive for us, and the expense for peak in general, which is always put up front, was a total drag. And we certainly anticipated some of it. But we probably underestimated the cost of standing it up. And then when we went into the peak season, as Raj also said, we had an unbelievable response. We had 37 million packages on Cyber Monday, and our plan was for 33 million. So we have said clearly that we believe by the fourth quarter Grounds margins will be back into the teens. We're not able to show you our spreadsheets, but that's our cost projections. And yes, there's no question, we spent more to put the network up than we thought, but we'd never put up a six or seven-day ground network before to a permanent thing. So there's a little bit of a new ground for us. But no question we missed on the cost side, but it's up and operating, as Raj said. We probably never had a response in the recent past from our ground customers, like we've had. Brie can perhaps add to that on seven-day. And it's an entirely differentiated product, and it's also something that's going to substantially change the ecommerce business. In the last weekend that just finished, we delivered over 14 million packages on Saturday and Sunday. We weren't event delivering packages on the weekend a couple of years ago. So we're pretty confident where we're going. And clearly, we didn't do the greatest job of forecasting our costs and we were hit with a couple of other things, like the insurance reserves which are, looking backward some period of time, that's basically because of the litigious society we live in and the more expense that's required to operate a transportation company in general, which is a huge issue to a small transportation company. So we've answered it three times, and we're pretty confident about the fourth quarter, and we gave you some annual stakes, but I don't know that it's productive to plough this ground anymore.
Fred Smith: Yes, and so that's the reflection of the industrial economy and in large truckload carrier, they just went bankrupt, Celadon. So it's really a tale of two, two economies. And the stock market of course is very bullish. But the industrial economy does not reflect any growth at all worldwide to speak up.
Fred Smith: Let me start off from this and have Don speak to. This is Smith speaking. First of all, when the economy started deteriorating a year ago in Europe, and we were hopeful for trade deals as we went on the fiscal year as we expressed to you in the June Analyst Call. We began to put constraints on pilot hiring, and we have not been hiring pilots for some time now. On an attrition basis, I believe, Don and Greg Hall, our Head of Air Operations told me that we will have a net reduction of several hundred pilots next year just due to retirement, and of course, that corresponds to the flight hour reduction. So, this is something that we've been thinking about for long time if things didn't materialize. In terms of female pilots, FedEx had been a leader in this. This has been something that's been a project of mine for a long time, female and minority pilots we percentage-wise at one point I'm far away from the Express business, this level of details, at one time we had the highest percentage of both. I'm sure that's different now, but we work very hard, and we participate in female and minority hiring longer term. We are among the prize jobs in the aviation industry, and we do not have any problems hiring aviators today, but in the future with the military releasing, so few of them, that may be a different story, but Greg has done a great job for Don developing Grow Your Own Pilot Program. So, we put a lot of thought in this. Our pilot attrition is going down, and so we anticipated this. Raj, Don you want to say…
Alan Graf: So let me, let me try to give you a little bit more kind of detail on that. First of all, couple of things we didn't mention about. Our miss here in the second quarter, we got substantially less commercial volume at Ground than we had forecast, which was a big impact. High density, higher yield, heavier packages that didn't materialize. Our commercial growth is about flat. Secondly, we operate in extremely competitive labor market these days. And we've seen wage inflation in certain markets due to increased competition for personnel. That was a little higher than we anticipated. So having said that, we are at the bottom, our adjusted operating profit decline year-over-year is horrific, and it's going to improve, it's going to improve in Q3, and it's going to improve substantially in Q4 versus the prior year's adjusted operating income, it won't be the message so bad we might, we might not be back to where we were last year, but we will be a lot closer obviously than how wildly we were in the second quarter. The other thing is, is that I think if you think about all the positive things we've said and that we're seeing, as we get into 2021, we will start lapping Amazon. We will have a lot more of the sixth and seventh day on our belt and we're going to be delivering millions of packages on Sunday for the rest of this fiscal year rolling into 2021. We will finally start getting turning the corner in Europe, with the operational synergies that we will start seeing and those will grow during the year. I've got nothing in this current range for any sort of a trade deal, because we haven't gotten one yet then we have some upside there. If that happens more, we will even have more upside into 2021. So without giving you specifics, we're at the bottom and we're going to come up off the mat and we're going to improve through the rest of this year and into the next.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Well, we've done that; we were asked earlier about there is some big bold move. I don't think you have any idea how big 8% reductions of flight hours is, but it's tremendously large. We're not going to grow our fleet. We're just replacing it. We're tightening it. Tighten it up, and reducing flight hours. Express's domestic margins are fine. So, it's the international that we got to keep working on, we've been dragged down by TNT. Some of it self-inflicted, some of it macro, we're handling the flight hours, I think we're doing everything that we can that we should be doing. Well, our CapEx is going to drop significantly after we get the past FY'22. As I said, those of our essential aircraft replacements, which we need, if we're flying more flight hours, then we will be retiring MD-11 faster than we anticipated, but we don't expect any growth there beyond that. I think a 6% to 7% of persona revenue in '23 and beyond will start to show a significant improvement in our ROIC and ROE. So as I look out there, again it's, I'm frustrated I'm sure. Our investors are frustrated. We're here at the bottom but we can see a way out.
Alan Graf: Well, getting exactly those details, because it depends on what the flight hours are and everything else, it's a significant number. And at the same time, we expect to be improving the revenue quality on it significantly, so we should get it from the top line and the bottom-line, and I'll turn it over to Don, and then -- he's been leading the planning on this, and I think it's outstanding.
Don Colleran: Thanks, Raj. And thanks for the opportunity to add a little bit of color to what you've already shared. Like you and the rest of the team, I remained very confident in our strategy in Europe and what we're seeing relative to the plans we're executing. I think it would help a little bit when we talked about interoperability and integration on the Ground to kind of define what that means. So what that really is, it's our ability to flow volume between networks supported by the proper technology it allows us to do that in a very efficient way. So what does that mean? So that allows us to link import and transit clearance processes, enables cross-source capability for our packages in a dual network, it allows us to enable inter-subcapability and it links our A hubs in our Ground networks. So what are we seeing over the short-term and what are we seeing our business right now. So as we communicated on previous calls, we remain on schedule to have Ground interoperability completed by the end of this fiscal year which is May for us and on the year side, in October of 2021, calendar 2021. We realize benefits each and every day as we complete our integration tasks. To give an example, we're set up for almost 1800 lanes in our European Theater. That's 40% of our total lanes either faster by one or two days. And our customers are responding very positive to that, Raj and Brie talked about the pipeline activity, and that's all well and good but what I measure our results are, what we're seeing in our planes and our trucks and we're seeing some nice revenue momentum in our business right now. That's really where we begin to see the synergies in the leverage in our business as we integrate the networks, and at the same time we add possible volume into it. That's where you know, the music really begins to happen. So I feel very positive about where we are, we remain on schedule. We have the European team in here. Last week, Raj and I and Brie and Jill, we spent a lot of time in Amsterdam with the team. So we're on schedule as we've communicated, we're beginning to see some of the benefits. And we'll continue to see the benefits as we transition in the back half of this fiscal year into the next fiscal year.
Don Colleran: Thanks, Alan. I won't get into the specific on the numbers as you suggested, but what I can tell you, we've made and will continue to make significant reductions in our flight hours both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. As we mentioned, our businesses in the U.S. is in a pretty healthy position, but we've lost a significant customer. So, what have we done in response to that? While we were taking significant costs out of our U.S. business, inclusive of flight hours in a significant amount, labor savings, aircraft maintenance and vehicle saving. So, we're looking at it this everywhere, not only in terms of what we're doing in the flight hours, but corresponding costs that are associated with that both in the U.S. and our intercontinental business. The number that Alan has quoted, six to eight is inclusive of both, but we're looking at flight hours everywhere in ways that we can optimize our network and match lift to load.
Don Colleran: Just one thing I like to add to that. I've had the opportunity since I've been in this role to spend a lot of time with our pilots, and we have an absolutely amazing group of pilots. Without question the best in the industry. We have a best source of our pipeline, so -- because the brand is so strong, because they do such a great job for us, and they're helpful in the recruitment of pilots across the world. So, first of all, we have an amazing group of pilots that do a fantastic job for us as they have during this peak season. I mean the staff's reliability of our aircraft and what our pilots are doing is nothing short of amazing. So, the other greatest source of recruitment that we have and we have the best pilots in the industry bar none.
