Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. Second quarter earnings increased to $1.57 per share, and operating income increased 15% to $827 million. Yield improvements and cost management at express were the primary drivers of the profitability improvement. Results also benefited from the favorable comparison to last year’s Sandy-impacted results, lower pension expense, and a modest benefit from the voluntary employee severance program. During the second quarter, the company repurchased 7.2 million shares of FedEx common stock for a total of 10 million shares repurchased fiscal year to date. The second quarter share repurchases had no effect on the quarter’s earnings per share, but will have an estimated $0.04 per share impact for the full year. Express had a wonderful quarter. Operating income increased to $326 million and margin increased to 4.8%, despite slightly lower revenue. The profitability improvement was driven by stronger base U.S. and international package yields, lower pension expense, and lower net expenses from ongoing cost reduction activities. International priority revenue per package increased 3% while average daily volume declined 5%. Important to note that within the IP category, average daily volume for the lower-yielding distribution services declined, while IP average daily volume, excluding these distribution services, increased 1%. International economy average daily volume grew 10%. Fuel costs decreased 8%, due to 6% lower jet fuel prices and fewer flight hours. 3% fewer gallons were used year over year, as we optimized our network and flew more fuel-efficient aircraft. Fuel price did not impact income for the quarter, based on a static analysis of the net impact of year over year changes in fuel prices compared to changes in fuel surcharges. Express is implementing a 3.9% average list price increase, effective in January. Turning to our ground segment, revenues increased 10% to $2.9 billion and operating income increased $424 million, due to volume and yield growth at ground and volume growth at SmartPost. Average daily volume at ground increased 8% from continued growth in our commercial business and home delivery service. The increase in operating income was partially offset by higher network expansion costs as we continued to invest heavily in our growing high margin ground and SmartPost businesses. Operating margin declined, primarily due to this year’s later start of the holiday shipping season as Fred mentioned, as Cyber Week occurred in December this year versus November last year. The seasonal increases in volume, revenue, and operating income related to Cyber Week will be realized in this year’s third quarter versus the second quarter last year. Ground and home delivery will be implementing a 4.9% average list price increase, effective in January. SmartPost rates will also increase. At freight, revenues increased 4% from higher weight per LTL shipment and higher average daily LTL shipments. Operating income increased slightly as higher revenue from increased demand was partially offset by higher purchased transportation. Weight per shipment increased 2% due to freight’s priority service offerings. Average daily LTL shipments increased 4%, as economy and priority services both grew. Turning to the outlook, we expect revenue and earnings growth to continue into the third quarter and the remainder of FY14 from ongoing improvements in the results of all of our transportation segments. Based on these improvements, plus our to date share repurchase results, we are raising our earnings per share guidance for the full year to 8% to 14% from the FY13 adjusted results. This compares to our previous growth range of 7% to 13%. This outlook reflects share repurchases made to date, but does not include any benefit from additional share repurchases. We plan to continue purchasing shares under the program, but have no specific timeframe for completion. We have 32.2 million shares under our current authorizations remaining. We are continuing to execute on the profit improvement programs we announced in October of 2012. The majority of the benefits from our profit improvement programs will occur in FY15 and to a greater extent FY16. Given our economic outlook that Mike discussed, coupled with continued execution of our profit improvement programs at express, and earnings growth at ground and freight, I see increasing earnings, returns, and cash flows over the next several years. I too would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication during our very busy peak season. They are truly an amazing team. And lastly, remember that Monday is the last day to ship your presents overnight and have them delivered before Christmas. And Dave could use the business. Now we will open it up for questions.
Alan Graf: Let me just say that we’re on track to be where we need to be by the end of FY ’16. I think you could see, in the express results, that we’re making some significant progress. We’re also managing the business as we go. As I mentioned in the last call, the five buckets that we talked about back in October of 2012 are likely going to change, but we’re still committed to the number. We’re managing very aggressively the trade down in international. We were glad to see our pure IP grow and our yields go up this quarter. I think that was a very good sign. So we’re not going to give you benchmark measurements on where we are until we get further into the program. We’re only two quarters in, but we are on track to be there by the end of ’16.
Alan Graf: Well, I thought we were very aggressive in the second quarter, accumulating 7.2 million shares in that quarter alone. We don’t have a specific time for completion, but we will continue to be buying shares. And as for our dividend policy, of course that’s a board decision. Our board generally takes that decision up in the June meeting, which has been what we’ve done for several years. And my expectation is that’s when we’ll address it again.
Alan Graf: On your first question, that Dave just addressed, let me just say that we are continuing very hard to continue to work on our international networks. As you know, we’ve taken down two trans-Pac flights since the announcement of our profit improvement program, going from 10 to 8. Recall that we retire a lot of airplanes early, and accelerate the depreciation of a lot of others. And we are in a process, and we are managing our customers’ needs with our continuing to get to the right place on our networks, and that’s going to continue all the way through ’14 and all the way through most of ’15 before we’re going to probably be exactly where we need to be. But having said that, it’s an integral part of our profit improvement program. Now, as to capex, I’m very happy with where we are in our capex. We’ve got a very strong balance sheet. It’s very important that we do the two things that we are mostly doing with our capital. One is the fleet modernization has to continue at express. It’s an integral part of our profit improvement program. We’re seeing significant benefits and you saw those in the second quarter, particularly in fuel burn and maintenance. That’s going to continue as we continue to add the 767s and 757s. And the other big piece of this is we’ve got to continue to expand the ground network. And we are in the process of building three to five major hubs over the next several years. These are going to have very high ROIC. We’re going to continue to grow round at a nice growth rate and maintain those high teens margins, and that’s an important part for what we’re doing as well. So we are as steely-eyed as ever on capex, but we are intentionally spending a little bit higher than our 6% to 8% range right now in order to get the benefits to the bottom line.
Alan Graf: Hard to say. We’ll have to see what the opportunities look like there in terms of ground’s growth rate and how far along we’ve come on the express profit improvement program. But certainly we probably will be high for the next couple of years, and if we have the ability to move a couple of things around, you know, one or two planes come due in May instead of June, it could change these numbers. But I think at least through fiscal’16 we’re going to be at probably about where we are, and then we’ll see how well we’ve done with our profit improvement program and how we’ve improved our returns, which I think we’ll be successful at. So as long as we can see that modernizing the fleet and ground growth continue to improve our returns, we’re going to keep investing in them.
Alan Graf: I’ll start, and then I’ll turn it over to Henry. One of the great things about our company is our operations and engineering group and OR groups are brilliant in determining where the forecasted future traffic flows are going to be, where hubs need to be, and how much capacity we need to have. And even though we’ve significantly stepped up our investment and will continue to do that in ground, to keep up with its growth, it’s going to remain tight. And it’s going to remain tight by design. We’ll be able to handle those 50% increases that Henry talked about for the three to four week periods of peak, but the rest of the year, it should be running fairly close to full. And I’ll let Henry give you some more information about that.
Alan Graf: Well, obviously that’s one of the big places that we’re working as part of the profit improvement program, to get our overhead down not just in services but at every operating company. And I think we’re doing a very good job of that. Our intersegment charges are very complicated. Some are directly based on revenue, which would explain a little bit of why ground’s getting a little bit more and express getting a little bit less. Others are directly charged, and others are just using basic good old cost accounting to arrive at what the appropriate ones are. I can tell you that one of the good things about our company is the great debates we have on this subject. And we have the right amount of pension in there, and I think it makes us focused to keep them all as well as possible in total.
Alan Graf: Over time, we’re going to be an all-twin operator. So that’s longer term. And I’m not going to give you any specific timeframes on that, but that’s where we’re headed. And I’m going to ask my boss to talk about alternative fuels.
Mike Glenn: We made a specific decision and elected not to participate in some product releases that would have traveled in our distribution services capability. That decision was driven by our revenue management and yield improvement programs, and that was the primary issue there that affected those volumes in the quarter.
Mike Glenn: We’re very pleased with the response to Delivery Manager. Of course, it’s a key enabler to ecommerce this time of year by allowing consignees to really take control of the shipment, to manage the signature requirements, to redirect that to a hold location or schedule a future delivery. So it’s a big bonus to have that active and up and running during the peak season, and it’s critical to our ecommerce strategy. One Rate is still relatively new. Again, we’re pleased with the response to that. Customers love the convenience and simplicity of the service and we expect a future positive response as well. So we’re very excited about both of those opportunities, and both of them play a part in ecommerce, which is especially important this time of year.
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly customer mix impacts that. What you typically see is smaller customers tend to have lighter weight shipments and shorter length of haul. And we’ve been very successful diversifying our customer base for LTL. So it certainly had an impact, and it certainly has a drag on yield per hundred weight when you do see the change in mix of traffic. Now, we also had some stronger growth in other customer segments, stronger than anticipated, which provides an opportunity for some yield management activities which we have initiated and will be conducting going forward. So we think we’ve got a good handle on yield per hundred weight and where the levers are, and we will be managing that, along with the FedEx freight operating company going forward, to continue to improve our margins.
Mike Glenn: Yeah, I would say the important point to understand here is ecommerce has a very long runway, both domestically and internationally, and FedEx is well-poised to benefit from both of those. Clearly ecommerce is growing at a multiple of overall retail sales, but having said that, based upon the Forrester research, it will be 2017 before online sales represent a total of 10% of all revenue. So we’re still at the tip of the iceberg here in terms of ecommerce and its potential. I think another issue that is a big driver is mobile devices now account for about 11% of online transactions. Free shipping is part of about 50% of the transactions. SmartPost is particularly poised to take advantage of that. So there are a tremendous amount of emerging trends in ecommerce before you even get to looking at how big box retailers are starting to respond, picking at the store level to facilitate efficient next day delivery on a cost-effective basis, which FedEx is well-positioned to take advantage of. So I would say, even though there’s a tremendous amount of talk about ecommerce, we’re still in very much the early stage development of this channel. And we sit right in the sweet spot of it. We talked about delivery manager earlier in the call, about enabling our companies to really take control of the transaction. Our retail network enables people to get their packages when they want to, and we’ve got other technology out there that we’re working on to further facilitate this. So FedEx is extremely well-positioned with our broad portfolio, but I think the important point here is that we are, again, very early in the overall stage of this channel. And again, I would just refer you back to that Forrester research, which states that it will be 2017 before we reach the 10% point of all retail sales being generated online. So a lot of runway here, and we’re well-positioned to take advantage of it.
Mike Glenn: We have terrific collaboration between the freight operating company and our sales team. And let me remind you that the entire FedEx sales team in the U.S. sells our complete portfolio of services. And that is a strategic advantage for us. It allows us to target and provide coverage for customers that are not typically seen by an individual when dealing with LTL transactions. And again, combined with the power of the bundle and the terrific collaboration that we have with the operating company has really been a plus. We’ve also had enhancement to our automation systems, which has made it much easier for our customers to do business with us. And the outstanding service levels that the freight team is providing really give us an industry leading value proposition.
Dave Bronczek: Alan mentioned it, and it’s a good point, the majority of our IP of course is not the distribution services product, and that actually grew 1% all around the world, led by the U.S. outbound and Europe. And on top of that, our international priority yields grew 4%. So we’re very pleased with that category.
Dave Bronczek: On the IE question, we’ve had double-digit growth in IE for many, many quarters now. But don’t forget the IP product, the pure IP product, is still the dominant product that we have. It’s over 70% of all of our international packages around the world. So IE, yes, it’s going into other networks. It’s in a network that makes us more money, but the IP is really the key going forward.
Dave Bronczek: We’re very pleased with where our capacity is right now. The customers are as well. And we’ve mentioned, in several quarters now, in the past, that we’ve made some trans-Pacific adjustments. And going forward we’ll see how things go, but right now we’re very pleased with where our network is.
Dave Bronczek: I’ll answer the first part of the question, then I’ll turn it over to Alan. Our customers sit down with us all the time, and they kind of tell us what kind of services they’re looking for from express. And we’ve balanced our network right now to achieve those goals for our customers and for ourselves. And so yes, we have opportunities to move more IP. We have more opportunities for more IE as well. As you know, the global marketplace for underbellies around the world keeps increasing, so we see that there’s really no end in sight for what our customers want from us, and we of course have a great product offering in our FTN ocean business, and that keeps growing. We do a tremendous amount of business in FTN now as well.
Dave Bronczek: I’ll just jump in from Express’ point of view. Obviously, the globalization of ecommerce and our global powerhouse network around the world, with over 200 countries and all these customers, and they’re all global reaching now. And this is a synchronization around the world. It’s an art form, and we’ve been doing it successfully for decades now.
Dave Bronczek: I can tell you that, and I mentioned this before, the U.S., international, as reported this quarter, was up. Europe was up. Asia was off a little bit because of the distribution services primarily and the release of some of the product launches. Other than that, though, they were up in Asia and clearly across the world. So where our volumes and our yields and our network capacity sits, we are very pleased with where we were and we are this quarter as well. In terms of third-party distribution, we’re using FTN, which is a sister company inside of express very much now, and we’re using it for some of the launches, quite frankly, as well. And we just have a lot of opportunity around the world to continue to move lower-yielding traffic into the right networks to make us more money.
Dave Bronczek: We’re obviously putting our 777s, high reliability, low fuel, better operating cost airplanes, the 777s, in our international network, bringing back the MD-11s into our U.S. network. They’re replacing the older MD-10s, some of our older planes. Some of those MD-11s are on lease as well. So we’re going to be continuing to cycle this through our global network, but where the global service improvements and cost improvements are coming from, the 777s are going there, the MD-11s are coming back here.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Fred. That’s exactly right. Osaka opens in April. We’re really excited about it. It lets us flex up and flex down off of our main backbone network without adding to that network, with change of gauges, flights from Asia feeding Asia into the rest of the world over Osaka. It’s going to be terrific. So as the volumes grow, we just add change of gauge in Asia. Or if they decline, we can flex down as well. So it’s a terrific flex up and down. Shanghai is, I was just out there recently, a new facility. It’s tremendously automated, very efficient, right in the heart of a lot of our business opportunities in China. So we’re very excited about both of those hubs that are opening here shortly.
Dave Bronczek: On the purchase transportation, remember a lot of FTN expenses are in the purchase transportation. And the revenues are up in there too. We made that change last year. In terms of our overall expenses, as you can see, they’re actually performing very well. Pension should have been a positive for us in the quarter.
Henry Maier: Let me give you a little bit of color here as to what’s going on. First, I think it’s important to realize that not only is ecommerce increasing our volumes during peak, it’s making holiday volume spikes peakier. And you need to understand, over a four to six week period of time each year, our business typically more than doubles. And preparing for this phenomenon, and ensuring we’re able to handle it with the level of reliability and services customers expect, is a year-long activity that starts in January of every year. And yes, it means every year we invest increased operating expense in the second quarter. This year we had to do some unprecedented things to prepare, which is just another indication of how we’re enabling this new ecommerce economy. For example, our network expansion costs increased to ensure we have capacity for the forecasted volume. This is not only a peak phenomenon, but it’s just building the base capacity we need to handle the growth we see coming year-round. Our purchased transportation cost increased to ensure we have the resources to pick up and deliver all the packages. This happens every year and it includes rental equipment and purchased line haul transportation. This year, we incurred some increased vehicle maintenance costs in Q2 that we’ve historically spread out throughout the year. We decided this year, in preparation for the peak season, given the fact that it’s so compressed as opposed to years past, it made sense to incur these maintenance costs now. And again, the focus on that was ensuring outstanding service for our customers during this holiday season. Now, we operate our network seven days a week during peak, allowing our fixed assets to truly sweat, and avoiding the cost of carrying capacity the rest of the year when we don’t need it. These decisions afford a significant flexibility to manage our network in the busiest time of the year while providing unparalleled service to our customers. Now, all these things that I’ve mentioned are not atypical to what we do every year. The only thing that’s different this year is the timing of Cyber Monday, which begins a week that typically reflects some of the busiest volumes we see throughout the year and the fact that this year peak is compressed into three weeks rather than four. And we call that the compression of the calendar, which by the way will be the same next year and then in ’15 we go back to something more normal, which is a four-week period of time. So I hope that answers your question.
Henry Maier: Volume at SmartPost was affected by the calendar and the later start to the holiday shipping season. The yield was impacted by lower fuel in the quarter. Everything else was in line with what we historically see. Once again, it was all about the calendar.
Henry Maier: More than a quarter of the volume that we see in peak comes in Cyber Week. And if you think about it, that volume and revenue and profit was all shifted to the third quarter.
Henry Maier: We manage between 150 and 200 real estate projects a year, typically. We take a five to seven year view of the marketplace when we plan these facilities. We are very careful not to add capacity we don’t need 11 months out of the year. And at peak, in the month of December, we plan to add operating expense as best we can to handle the volume surges so we can dismantle it when the volume leaves. And that essentially the way we’ve run the company for the past 20-some years, and it’s worked out very well for us. Now, sometimes we might get a little bit ahead. Sometimes we might get a little bit behind, but as Alan said, we are a highly engineered and highly automated operation, and we have incredible flexibility to be able to flex up or down in the short term to handle customers’ volume as it comes. So I think you should be confident going forward that we have a good plan to handle anything that happens in this business.
Henry Maier: With respect to ground capex, 90% of our capital expense in FY14 is to expand capacity. And included in that are expenditures for the new hubs Alan mentioned: building expansions and relocations, material handling, and rolling stock.
Henry Maier: We used a little bit of rail throughout the year. In the month of December, our rail usage jumps up. In fact, I think this month it’s about 7% of the miles that we run. And that would include ground and SmartPost. We use it where it makes sense. We won’t use it where it degrades our service, so that’s how we think about this in our network.
Bill Logue: Let me jump on that. Again, we’re really pleased with our volume across all the segments, and particularly the priority economy mix. We saw very good growth in both. So we’re excited about that. And also, the year over year fuel surcharge came down, so that kind of was a big impact as well, on the yield. So look at that, and again, as Mike said, we’re very focused on our yield management process. So we’re in a good position.
Bill Logue: Obviously we’re very pleased with the volume growth, and as I said earlier, it’s across all segments, the small, medium, and large customers, and focusing on priority economy, volume coming out both segments, is really showing the value prop is kicking in. We went through a couple of quarters there that we had some volume challenges the last two quarters. So the team really responded well, went out there and brought in some excellent volume for us. And as we go forward, as I’ve always said, our goal is double digit margins, and to get there, we need really good balance on both volume and yield. And that’s our focus going forward.
Bill Logue: On the freight side, over the past three years, as you’ve noticed, we’ve grown our rail usage substantially, particularly on our economy offering. So that’s worked out very well for us. We continue to look at lanes and adjustments we made this past July. And again, going forward, we’ll continue to look at our network. You saw some of our purchase transportation growth this year, and again, that was due to our rail increases coming off in July. And again, we’ll tweak and adjust our network as we see appropriate for the most efficient way to run our business.
