Mike Lenz: Sure. Thanks, Ken. So, as Brie highlighted, for the fourth quarter, we continue to project a lower level of demand, and that just heightens the emphasis of further traction on the cost initiatives. So Express, in particular, we’ll realize greater savings from the initiatives that we’ve highlighted, and that will drive to the mid-single-digit margin projection there. At Ground, we also expect -- we expect margin improvement at Ground, but not the same magnitude that we realized in the third quarter. And then, lastly, at Freight, we had an exceptional fourth quarter last year, and we’re projecting strong performance in the fourth quarter this year as well, but we’re not anticipating building upon that near term given the volume declines there. So hopefully, that puts it in context further for you there thinking ahead.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Jack, this is Mike. So, think about DRIVE as the framework of how we approach the business and running a more flexible and efficient operation across the board. So within that that has enabled us to move quicker here than we anticipated coming into the quarter in terms of our cost initiatives, and is also foundational to the $4 billion of structural cost reductions that we’ve identified. So, if you think about the structural cost reductions, that’s operative irrespective of the demand environment. So think of that as moving the same traffic with less assets and resources. So, we look forward to giving further updates on the progress and details of the various domains within DRIVE on April 5th.
Mike Lenz: So okay, Jordan, the -- yes, we will -- the $1 billion of permanent that Raj alluded to, we will realize that this year. The bulk of that is at Express, and we will see more traction on that, particularly in Q4 here. We’ve highlighted the flight frequencies that we’ve been reducing. We have -- we had -- as Raj said, we had nine more aircraft parked during the third quarter, and we’re projecting to park six more during the fourth quarter. So, that is illustrative of the takedowns and reductions underway there. And then also another component of the $1 billion, was taking out investments in that and initiatives and projects that we don’t anticipate picking up.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Tom, you hit it very directly there because it indeed was the case that last year was very challenging in terms of the circumstances with the labor market in that. So, I certainly would highlight in the third quarter that Ground did an extraordinary job of flexing down resources following peak there. So, that was definitely a key element of the improvement there in the third quarter. That won’t be as big of a tailwind in the fourth quarter, given the dynamic that you highlighted there. But again, multiple dimensions within the ground operation of efficiency across the network within the docks and the facilities, line haul as well as pickup and delivery. So again, good progress there, and more to come.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Ariel. So certainly, as the environment has evolved here in the last 6 to 9 months, that’s heightened our emphasis on efficiency and cost initiatives to realize margin improvement and drive improved returns on invested capital. And so, the DRIVE framework is allow -- enabling us to relentlessly pursue these initiatives in a number of fronts. We talked about flexing the labor hours, the air network, the structure of the ground surface transport. So again, a lot of progress, more to go, but we’re very confident that Express can realize the full potential going forward.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Sure. Thanks, Stephanie. Well, it was a number of fronts of the efficiency side with, again, flexing down the labor hours following peak. We also had a lower surge premium for this peak relative to prior peak. So, that was a consideration as well. But broadly, the focus on utilizing the assets more efficiently and in a lower demand environment, that means certain facilities in that. We closed sorts or smaller transfer points in that. We’ve shut those down. So again, it’s just about optimizing the network across the board. It’s not -- there’s no single linchpin to that. And look, it’s very much impressive to see the progress we’ve had here when we’re also facing a headwind there from increased infrastructure costs at Ground, so that represents opportunity going forward as well on top of everything.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Scott. So first, for the gain on the sale was roughly about $30 million at the Freight company for the facility there. And then yes, the reference for Ground was that the year-over-year improvement for the fourth quarter, we wouldn’t anticipate it to be as large as what we realized here in the third quarter. So, that’s the two freebies. On your other question, I mean, look, we are holistically adjusting the cost base on all dimensions, all areas. Every dollar is under scrutiny. So, that entails both, the adjustments for reduced volume levels across the board, and you see progress there in a number of the lines, and then gaining traction as we lean into realizing the structural reductions with DRIVE. So, we will look forward to updating further about how the various initiatives are playing out here when we see you on April 5th.
Mike Lenz: Okay. First, Brian, weather was roughly about a $50 million year-over-year headwind. So, if you want to put some dimensions around that. I think Raj wants to highlight what to expect here at DRIVE Day.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Bascome, it’s Mike. So yes, we’ve continued to generate solid free cash flow even amidst the challenged business environment, which heightens our emphasis on capital efficiency. And you’ll see that going forward across the board. Sorry, what was the last part of your question? Oh, sorry, the onetime cost...
Mike Lenz: Yes. The expenses we had that were $120 million for the third quarter. That’s the business optimization that we identified and about $180 million year-to-date.
Mike Lenz: Sure. Matt, let me address the aspects of that. So first, the way we have structured the DRIVE framework is that we have 12 domains with individuals assigned to each of those that are accountable and own the realization of the opportunities that are identified there. Now, of course, there’s multiple teams, and there’s multiple sub initiatives under that to enable those outcomes. But to the question of how do we measure and have accountability, that is definitely the structure and framework that we have in place. To your question about Express margin and profit volatility, that’s precisely what Raj was highlighting is a primary focus is to make the business more agile, more flexible with the various deployment of technology, making our fleet more flexible so that we can react and adjust. So, certainly realize that we need to build from here, and fully anticipate that going forward, and we will be relentlessly focused on that across the board.
Mike Lenz: No. Ravi, this definitely illustrates the discipline, rigor and focus we have around responding, adjusting to changes in the volume environment, running an efficient network and adjusting in short order. Again, I’d highlight last year was -- quite frankly, the last two years, were quite unprecedented in terms of ability to both project and understand demand because our customers themselves were -- had a lot of uncertainty amidst the dynamics of the pandemic. And we sometimes skip over it, but the profundity of the labor availability and the immediate cost increases in terms of higher wage rates that were experienced at Ground can’t be diminished. But this is a rigor and discipline that, as Brie said, it also supports our service levels across the board, too. So, it’s a virtuous cycle there that we’ll build upon going forward.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to help, Chris. It’s Brie. From a volume decline perspective, what we anticipate seeing in Q4 is that the decline will get less. So sequentially, the volumes will improve from Q3 to Q4. And actually, when we’re thinking about Express, we think that trend will continue into Q1 as well. That is here in the U.S., but also from an international perspective, as we talked about, we’re going to open up international economy. So, we do think that the volume decline will moderate Q4 over Q3 as well as Q1 over Q4. And again, I am talking about that decline year-over-year. I hope that helps, Chris.
Brie Carere: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jon. I actually don’t think it’s surprising. This is getting back to what we do best. We have been known historically for our customer experience and for our service. And we know when the network is running, it’s most productive. Service actually moves with productivity. So, I feel really good about it. I absolutely think that it is sustainable. And in fact, we’re going to continue to do better from a service perspective. So, this is what we said we would do. This is what we knew we would do. We’ve got a little bit more work to do, but it feels really good. And I think the sales team is really loving the momentum that it’s giving them. So, I hope that helps clarify.
Brie Carere: Yes, sure. Happy to clarify. So what we saw in Q3 from a yield perspective, obviously, from a yield growth, we were very, very pleased. From a general rate increase, the capture was really strong. In fact, in Europe, it was the highest capture that certainly I have ever seen coming out of Europe. So, I think that the global pricing team and the global sales team are doing just an outstanding job. So, we feel really good about the execution from the GRI. As we look forward into Q4 and beyond, we will see yield growth moderate, but we think the fundamentals are going to stick. The U.S. market right now, from a pricing perspective, is very rational. The team has done an excellent job of aligning price with cost. We’re getting more for peak surcharges. We’re getting large package surcharges as we should. So, we think the market is rational. We did a good job in Q3 from a capture perspective. But, of course, we will see moderation in yield growth next year as we’re just lapping really, really high increases. I hope that helps.
Brie Carere: Yes. Hey. Great question. So we absolutely are having a lot of conversations with customers. They want to diversify their supply chain over the last several years. I think it’s important to remember the primary conversation that we’re having is about Mexico, and we have a fantastic value proposition out of Mexico. So, as customers do want to diversify, we are anywhere they need to be. So, we feel really good about that. But I do want to be clear that it is a future conversation. From a magnitude perspective, we do not see any short-term large shifts that would change the position of China being the world’s manufacturer. So, I don’t think that that’s an immediate issue. I do think it’s a future issue.
Brie Carere: Yes. Hey. It’s a very fair question. From a European perspective, I do think it’s important to remind everybody that we have a very unique value proposition in Europe. There are real stickiness with the parcel and the freight bundle. And also, our sales and our customer service team do an incredible job with very personalized and social -- or solution-oriented selling. So, for the customer base that is there, it is sticky. They value the bundle. We’ve got opportunity to take profitable share. But I think the ability to get that GRI capture really emphasizes the loyalty that we do have in that customer base and honestly, an opportunity to go take some more profitable share in Europe.
Brie Carere: Hey. Jeff, thanks for the question. So I think first and foremost is that our primary goal is to maintain and improve the service momentum that we’ve created. And so, as we think about any potential exogenous factor in the market that might put stress in the market, our goal is to protect our customers and to make sure that we’re there for them. So absolutely, as customers are inquiring about available capacity at FedEx, we have been really clear that, yes, of course, we would entertain any good business, and we’d love to talk to them. We do need to have that business on board and those contracts signed by the end of March. We are not going to put or staff up like this is a peak factor. We are going to plan for long-term partnerships with customers. And anybody that wants to come and enjoy the FedEx value proposition, we’re happy to talk to them prior to March 31st.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just say this much. I think I’m just delighted with the sense of urgency and with what the team is working. The DRIVE program is -- creates a lot more rigor, and I’m just thrilled with the progress as the team has applied this rigor and discipline to the work at hand and look forward to showcasing them to you in just a couple of weeks here. During that update, you can expect a deeper dive onto the domains that we have identified, which is shown on this slide. We’ll show you the metrics that we’ve been tracking. And I think that will be -- it will give you a much better way for you to understand our business. And I think it’s fundamental to the transformation underway at FedEx. Thank you, Brian.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, David. Our fleet modernization strategy that we’ve been underway has allowed us to build a more agile and flexible fleet. And so, we come to a fork in the road here, are we going to see a high demand environment or a low demand environment? And the MD-11 was that flex fleet. And as we now look at the demand environment, we don’t see that high demand coming through. So, we look at opportunities to right-size the fleet, and this is the predominant planning cycle as happens over Q4, so we’ll update you on those plans as our entire fleets needs are finalized here.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, operator. In closing, I want to thank our team members as FedEx was once again the only delivery company ranked in the top 20 of the Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies. We also were named earlier this week as one of the world’s most ethical companies by Ethisphere. This recognition would not have been possible without the commitment and dedication of our people around the world. And as we celebrate our 50th anniversary next month, I’m most excited about the ways that this team will continue to innovate and deliver for the next 50 years. Thank you very much.
