David Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. No, we see strong demand actually running into Q4 here. We have great momentum all around the world, especially in Europe and Asia, U.S. outbound and U.S. domestic. So the weights are strong. As Alan pointed out, IP alone with 15%. IP, IPFS was up 21%. So I think we're running into Q4 here with great moment.
David Bronczek: Yes, thank you, Alan. We obviously talked to all of our folks in Japan daily and they're doing a terrific job, and everybody is safe and accounted for, which is the most important thing. We have always maintained our Osaka flights, Narita, we had one day that we had to slow down the inbound flights there because of the backlog for the Northeast there in Sendai area. But we're back in Narita now and Osaka. And everybody's performing very well there obviously it's very difficult situation, so we're watching it closely. But we're up and operating, and we never stopped operating in the South, in the West, and so watching it closely.
David Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. Yes, Fred's right. Our global powerhouse is going into more parts of the world, deeper into more countries, India, Mexico, China, the U.K., all around the world. So we're adding to our products and portfolio and customers have a different mix of business now they can give us across the world. But it's our global footprint that's so powerful, and we're going so deep into these countries now and providing new opportunities, new services. And then of course, our high-tech customers are just shipping, I'm sure most of you received from FedEx the latest iPad and on and on. But I think it's what Fred said. It's the global power of our network going deep into many more countries.
Alan Graf: Tom, this is Alan. We had, say, back to a year ago when we had an explosion in our IP package and freight, so the comps in the third and fourth quarter are tougher than they've usually been. We may be a little bit lighter at the moment than we thought, but always this time of year, it's very difficult to tell and particularly with the impact of Japan, we'll have to wait and see. But our confidence is still pretty strong about continued growth, and the combination of our yield program and the higher weights is really driving that revenue line.
Alan Graf: Okay. Well, first of all as we look into the fourth quarter, we're starting to see a lot of the headwinds lap themselves and abate. So what's left is, obviously, we completed the complete reinstatement of our 401(k) January 1. So that's obviously having an impact here and the rest of fiscal '11 and somewhat into FY '12. Our aircraft maintenance is going to remain high in the fourth quarter, as we look at the timing of the events. So for fiscal '11, it'll be an anomaly of the year in my view. It will start to mitigate in FY '12, which will be a positive and one of the things we're excited about, I cannot tell you today what the market will be like on May 31, when we do our pension calculations, but we certainly are expecting nothing like we saw in the increase in FY '11, so that should be a positive going forward. Our productivity improvement plans are on track. Our G&A cost continued to decline in terms of revenue. So we're excited about that as well. One little math exercise that everybody needs to remember is that at these very high jet fuel prices, that's a margin restrainer because it adds exactly the same amount over time to the revenue line as it does to the expense line. And artificially, is lowering those margins. But the absolute cash flow and EPS won't be impacted by that, just simply the margins will be. So we have a lot of favorable things turning our way. And we're hopeful that the Japan situation will be very short term, and we'll continue with the yield management program until that we're optimistic about the outlook.
Alan Graf: Well, obviously, we're going to improve significantly in Freight. I mean, the combination is behind us, and we'll be solidly in the black here in the fourth quarter and looking for very, very good productivity and improvement in FY '12. Ground is just going to continue to keep hitting it out of the park, rocking along with these 15% margins were very nice growth rate, and that will continue. And Express, we just want to forget about the third quarter. I mean, we had everything that could go against Express go against Express in the third quarter. It's behind us now. And I think the outlook there is very good for significantly improved margins.
Alan Graf: And, Donald, this is Alan. Let me just add that even though we are selling, hopefully very soon here, a number of the facilities that we no longer need, we are adding doors in key locations to make this network more flexible for whatever additional volume comes. We intend to start back on the growth rate here in the LTL business once we get through this initial period of offering the priority and the economy services.
Alan Graf: Yes. Well, Ken, the actual postal structure that you've been hearing information about, I think probably the mostly widely conveyed message was the Saturday operation. They're really talking about Saturday delivery. We do not do Saturday delivery with SmartPost. And their facilities will still be open for acceptance of packages. When we get into the peak season, just so you understand, we run three ships 7x24 because that's gigantic increase in volume necessitates if you use your capital equipment to the greatest advantage as humanly possible. There isn't any pressure on the Monday through Friday delivery with the post office. I think we're sitting perfectly to the extent that the change will be -- we will advise you, but at this point, we don't see a risk that we have to be concerned about in the near or long-term future. And we have a great working relationship, both as their largest vendor through FedEx Express, and we're their largest parcel select customer. So we work very closely with them to ensure that we're doing all the right things.
Alan Graf: Yes, the desert is fastest. It's now that where our utilization's are up and there are more aircraft, but it's also some timing anomalies. So as I've said, that will still be fairly high in the fourth quarter, but it will mitigate in FY '12.
Alan Graf: Yes, Fred's exactly right. I mean, we have a lot of requests right now from the American Red Cross, Heart to Heart and many, many others. Of course FedEx is famous for providing that level of support anywhere around the world, whether it was the China earthquake a year ago, 18 months ago and so forth. But on top of all that, we are getting a lot of requests right now, and we're looking at positioning it to ship materials, heavy materials into Japan to support the reconstruction efforts over there. So you would expect that because we are so big and so global and we have the resources, so we're queuing that up now.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Let me just give it to you direct. No, we don't have to get back to those old yields to get very, very nice double-digit margins to freight because we have taken out a tremendous amount of cost duplication and G&A overhead.
Alan Graf: Well, it I think that the productivity that we have, momentum that we have in all of our operating companies is tremendous right now, so we're going to continue to get continued productivity gains. I mean, if you look at Ground, for example, and how they're driving increased margins, it's because every time they add another 100,000 pieces, whether it's in SmartPost or commercial or home delivery, they're getting additional economies of scale and productivity. Our technology improvements that we're adding everywhere is providing us additional productivity. Our G&A headcount is essentially frozen. So it's everywhere inside the company. It's being engineered with cost management and service improvements in mind, and we're very focused on quality and so it's pervasive. As far as some big giant cost reduction, no, I don't think so, although eventually, we will see lower pension costs as interest rates rise.
Alan Graf: Well, on a cash basis, it's unlimited because we actually don't have any net cash outflow to do the restructuring. So the write-offs were book entries only. And as we've said many, many times, the productivity alone, not to mention the service improvements that we're getting from the priority, the economy thing are very substantial. So I wish I had 10 more projects just like it, quite frankly.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add one last thing. It's important to note that in all the quarters that FedEx Express has had since we started FedEx Express after the split with FedEx Ground, this was the highest average daily volume quarter that we've ever had across the board, domestic U.S., international, priority international domestic. And in Q3, International Priority across the board was the highest volumes that we've ever had.
Frederick Smith: Okay, Tom, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Mike Glenn. When I'm talking about base yields, I'm including everything except the fuel surcharge, which is out of our control. But what we're managing to in terms of rates has been very effective. We have a lot of momentum there. Our general rate increase is sticking very nicely, particularly as we look at what we're doing at freight in the LTL business, which by the way, having reduced volume is okay. That's by design because we've got to get paid appropriately. So let me let Mike Glenn follow up.
Frederick Smith: Well, Gary, if you look at year-over-year, in the third quarter, the net fuel impact is about a wash across FedEx Corporation. We anticipated that it was going to be a positive before the run-up. So we have that working against us in the third quarter. And of course, the fourth quarter, if things stay the way they are, we will not get our full surcharge until May. So right now, we are being penalized by having to run-up in fuel prices and having a trailing six week or so surcharge increase. But what's offsetting that is, as I mentioned before, a lot of these headwinds are starting to fade, we have a lot of momentum. Fourth quarter is always our best earnings quarter of the year, and we're pretty confident about that. With the caveat about fuel going haywire or Japan, which is a very large business for us, deteriorating more than we think it's going to, that's certainly uncertain and we're obviously keeping our eyes on that. Dave can talk a little bit, it would be a good time now I think, Dave, to talk a little bit about what's going on in Japan for us.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add to Alan's point on Q3 for Express. We had 27 operating days. We had severe service disruption days. That's 1/3 of the whole quarter for Express.
Frederick Smith: First of all, our projections are based on our business and the new network and looking at all of our operating metrics that we have planned and our volume levels and so forth. So it's nothing to do with the Yellow or anybody else. It's our base business. And as far as Yellow, obviously, I wouldn't comment on any of our competitors. And again, we focus on our business in making sure that we're running the best freight business for our organization going forward.
Frederick Smith: Yes. I think, obviously, our structure, the way it is, is about the two offerings, gives us a lot of flexibility in either the priority or the economy network depending on the customer's need. Again, that's for any customer that would present our options. Obviously, Mike's team and the sales front, plays a very important role for us, making sure the customers get steered to the right network. And then obviously, from a pricing perspective, making sure that it's going to be a profitable business no matter what new business we pick up from any competitor.
Frederick Smith: Sure. Obviously, Japan, being the third largest economy in the world, is big for us, and it always has been. So we're watching it closely. We're keeping all of our resources in play there. We're providing more when needed. Quite frankly, we're getting a lot of requests, as Alan or Fred mentioned earlier, for people wanting to ship things into Japan now. And oddly enough, that will probably be a benefit for us going into Japan. So it's an important market. And I think we just have to monitor it and watch it closely. But right now, we feel very good about where we are. We're still in Narita, Osaka, and we intend to keep providing great service and possibly even more lift into Japan.
Frederick Smith: Yes, capacity, obviously, is an important part our business. We've been using a lot of rail with our economy in the offering and that's gone very well. So we continue to adjust on that work. Obviously, we have plenty of capacity. Again, the key point is where the appropriate customer is needed and where the yield is. And we just needed internally to adjust our resources now that we have operations kind of on both sides of the business. So it's all about adjusting capacity as the demand needs and our job is obviously to make sure that we align the resources to it. If we have capacity, we have multiple variable options with our own linehaul, with the purchase transportation linehaul. So we have that flexibility to put the resources where we need to.
Frederick Smith: And as far as facilities from the PU&D side of the business, pick up side of the business, with the reduction in our number of centers, we're very confident that we have the right pick up and delivery network out there. Now it's just kind of continuing to adjust with the customers' demands.
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith. Let me have Dave and then Mike Glenn comment on this. It's all of the above. The facts of the matter are, the world economy continues to get bigger, the biggest economy in the world is the economy of world trade and the fastest growing part of world trade is the growth among the emerging markets and the emerging markets to and from the industrialized nations. And I think today, perhaps because of the tremendous news capabilities we have, everybody gets fixated on an event or one thing or another, and while many of them are terrible and not very pleasant, the facts of the matter are that the momentum of introducing billions of people into the world trading economy is one of the biggest things that's ever happened in the history of the world. And our Express operation and the entire Express segment sits right in the middle that. So that's why we have the confidence. And with the biggest air express air cargo network, it's about 60% bigger than the next largest one, we're getting a lot of advantage from scale. So that's the macro answer. I'll ask Dave and then Mike to comment on more specific issues.
Frederick Smith: The only other comment I would make is if you look at the GDP forecast for the emerging economies, both in Asia-Pacific and Europe, they're growing much faster than U.S., which plays right into the sweet spot for our value proposition. The launch of the 777 aircraft gives us a significant competitive advantage in key markets, allowing us to pick up later and open new market opportunities. Our broadening product portfolio is certainly playing a role in that. So we've got a terrific value proposition out there that's playing right into the hands of these emerging market economies that are growing at a much faster rate than the U.S. economy.
Frederick Smith: Yes, I'll add to Mike's point there. We also, the first couple weeks, we saw a lot of customers trying to understand the new offerings and it certainly has stabilized over the past four weeks, so which makes it obviously, easier for us to build our plan and so forth so we're seeing that stabilization, which kind of addresses that confusion issue I think on the front end as well.
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith. I'll ask Dave to comment further. It's very difficult to ascertain what the effect is going to be. I don't think in the scheme of things, with a company the size of FedEx, at about $10 billion a quarter, that the net effect of Japan is going to be significant. Now that doesn't mean that there couldn't be a lot of money in human terms, but in relative terms to FedEx's operation. And secondarily, while this thing has been horrific and one of the worst things we've seen in a long, long time, the reality is it's fairly localized. And assuming that there's no great effect from the nuclear power plant issues, the Japanese are very resourceful people and we're carrying a lot of traffic out of Japan as we speak. And the trade balance from Japan and to Japan was always much more export oriented there. So there will be more traffic going into Japan from reconstruction purposes than would otherwise have been the case. And of course, there will also be humanitarian relief, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we try to stand up and help people do that because we have a unique capability to do it, and other people in the industry also do that. So I don't think that Japan will be significant overall. There may be some pinch points in various supply chains and have some effect on automotive or high-tech production. But the Japanese are very able folks, and I think the way 'they've handle this thing is also very admirable. I might add, and on our board, we have Doctor Shirley Jackson, and Doctor Jackson's the head of the Rensselaer Polytech. And she was also the head of the nuclear regulatory commission, and we coincidently had our quarterly board meeting on Monday. So one of the most interesting things we've had in a long time was to listen to her educate us with about the situation in Japan. And I think the likelihood is that the effects of the nuclear situation there are more probably less rather than more, unless there's some drastic, unfortunate convergence of events takes place.
Frederick Smith: I love that, a little bit light. We like it lower, okay? So that's where light is good. We are seeing improvements to our lowering of our effective tax rate as a result of our international profitability and our permanent reinvestment programs, and then we have around the world. We would love to see a corporate tax rate reduction. We love to see territoriality and all those to help us even more, but working with what we can, that's a major driving factor. And of course, our cash tax rate is going to be very low as we take advantage of 100% expensing this year, this calendar year and 50% next calendar year.
Frederick Smith: Well I'd say for this year, just depending on how things work out and with the Japan situation, 36% to 37%, but yes, we intend to drive it down over time. On a static basis as we continue to improve our international profitability where our earnings are taxed at a lower rate.
Frederick Smith: I'll handle the first part and then I'll turn it over to Mike and Dave Rebholz for the second. As we stated many times, we are being very aggressive right now. We have a substantial amount of cash on the balance sheet. As I've said, we're going to be very nicely cash flow positive this year. That's after we paid for our CapEx, after we pay for our acquisitions and after we fund our pension fund and after we've paid off some of the debt. I mean, we have a zero net debt position if you take our cash and offset with the debt that we have on the balance sheet, in fact, it's positive. And we intend to make sure that happens in FY '12. Having said that, because we're getting expensing at a 100% and 50%, we think now's the time to, with markets that we see, to accelerate that a little bit. So we're going to be aggressive, and we'll probably take our CapEx up in FY '12 as a result and accelerate some things forward because we're getting the essentially, tax-free, interest-free loan from the government from the expensing. So that's our plan but we'll still be cash flow positive and we'll still drive improved earning and we will be carrying our company for the long run.
Frederick Smith: Express yields, we certainly believe we've got plenty of opportunity going forward. We have a multiphase strategy here. I've talked about some of that already. Obviously, we have a number of contracts that will come up for a renewal. In the next six months, we expect to get above-market rate increases as we renew those contracts. Our sales team is doing a fabulous job negotiating with our customers in that regard. We're doing a great job of managing surcharges as part of that. The annual rate increase, we're holding on to a higher percentage of that. The change in dimensional weight pricing has provided a benefit greater than our expectation and we continue to manage that. So we have a lot of things going in our favor. And again, I have to say again, our sales team is doing a fabulous job of taking the yield management challenge and executing accordingly.
Frederick Smith: Well, Ed, the majority of our contracts are multiyear contracts, some are two some are three. It's rare that we go above three years unless the customer just insists on a longer-term contract. Obviously, we have the ability to make adjustments to those contracts with appropriate notice, but we don't think that's the right action to take there. And I'll be honest, I don't have the percentage off the top of my head on the amount of the business under contract, but it's -- I would say, it's a little over half.
Frederick Smith: A little over half would be under -- I mean, just to be clear, all of our discounted businesses is on a pricing agreement. So that would be, for all intents and purposes, a contract. The difference is for our larger customers, you tend to have multiyear contracts, with the smaller customers, you have Evergreen contracts. In other words, they just continue on with annual rate increases built in until one party or the other terminates the agreement. So all of our discount businesses is under some form of agreement, but the larger customers clearly have -- tend to have the multiyear agreements.
T. Glenn: Alan's correct. The sales team is doing a fabulous job in the yield management program, and there are a number of components to that. One is as we sign up new business, we're signing that business up at higher average yields, so that the pipeline of new business coming in is coming in at higher rates. Secondarily, we're doing a terrific job at negotiating increases to our agreements as they come due. We're also doing a great job of clawing back surcharge discounts, all of which, which had a significant impact on yield. And our team is doing a great job of selling through the dimensional weight change that we implemented in January. So the combination of all those activities certainly lead us to believe that we've got continued opportunity moving ahead to see our yields enhance further.
T. Glenn: Well, I would say we're in the very early stages. We're certainly in the first quarter of the football game here in terms of the yield improvement plan that we're putting in place. Obviously, we have multiyear contracts, and we're not breaking contracts and we're dealing with those as the opportunities present themselves. The biggest impact that we're seeing short term is obviously the new pipeline of business and secondarily, the adjustments that we made in dimensional weight. But our team is doing a great job as contracts come up, getting higher than market rate increases as we negotiate new contracts. So I couldn't be happier with the team in terms of how they're performing, both in terms of base rate increases, changes in surcharges and things of that nature. So we're very early in the game. I would characterize this as a marathon. This is not a one or two quarter exercise. This will be in place for some extended period of time. I'm talking about a multiyear program.
T. Glenn: This is Mike. Let me just say that Bill's team has done an outstanding job of maintaining very high service levels during the transition. The volume impact during the quarter, as he mentioned, is largely related to weather, and then secondarily, our yield improvement program. As you can see by the results, we were quite aggressive on the yield improvement activities, and we're extremely pleased with the success that we had. More importantly, looking forward, our pipeline is quite full, and customers are responding extremely well to the choice of priority and economy options, and that's giving us the flexibility to really pick and choose our spots, and again, command higher rates based upon the value proposition that we're providing. So we couldn't be happier with where we are at this point. And it really is a great value proposition for our sales team to sell, and we think we're in a great position going forward.
T. Glenn: Yes. We haven't had a material change in the forecast for calendar year '11. We're still looking at 2.9% GDP growth. Industry production is just under 5%, as Fred mentioned. Consumer spending, again, just under 3%. If you look at our fiscal year '12, as we go into that, we're looking at 3.3% GDP growth, industrial production down slightly from this year. And again, consumer spending around 3%. So not a significant change in that.
T. Glenn: Yes. David, obviously, we've seen a lot of that. We saw a lot of that when the fuel surcharge went well over 20%. We don't feel we're in that range at this point. As Alan mentioned, our outlook's based upon the fuel prices as we see them today. Clearly, if we were to see a significant spike up where the fuel surcharge were to increase another 10 points or so, it's quite possible you can see some trade down. But we're all ready -- that's the part of our sales strategy to ensure that customers traffic gets in the right network. And so we try to point in that direction already. So I don't think you would see as much has occurred in the last go-round. And keep in mind that we built the surcharge, we've taken two points every year for the last five or six years and put it into the base rates. So it certainly minimizes the impact of increasing fuel prices. So there's certainly a possibility that you could see a slight mix change if the fuel prices continue to escalate. But again, our sales team has done a good job of making sure customer traffic gets in the right network to begin with. So certainly don't think it would have the same impact that we saw several years ago.
T. Glenn: Kevin, let me jump in. This is Mike. Obviously, we've worked a lot with customers to help them understand the new services available for them. There's been some minimal change in the split of the business, but it's certainly within our projections of what we thought would happen. I think customers are learning the services, learning the service level, the transit days, and we'll continue to see some modest adjustment going forward in that. But it has not been a significant issue for us and certainly within our expectations.
T. Glenn: John, this is Mike. You're correct that we're not at our peak yields, although we've had significant year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter improvements in yield, and I certainly expect that to continue. And I also expect us to exceed those peak yields. Although certainly, we don't make forecast on timing of such activities, but we're going to stay committed to the yield improvement programs, and we think we've got a value proposition now that will allow us to do that, and I'll let Bill comment on the network and the ports of yield in that.
T. Glenn: John, this is Mike. If you look at weight and its impact on yield during the third quarter for ground, the primary driver there was rate and discount changes. Once you exclude fuel, weight had a very minor effect on yields in the quarter. And if you look at it at a quarter-over-quarter basis, weight actually had a very slight negative impact on the yields, which is always the case in the quarter with peak season because you tend to have a little bit lighter weight per transaction there. So all up, a slight positive on a year-over-year basis and a quarter-over-quarter basis, a slight negative.
William Logue: This is Bill Logue. Well, first of all, we're very pleased where we are six weeks in the new corporation here. First two weeks, obviously, were dominated by weather. And again, so I look at it, we're really kind of four weeks into the new program and the team is just on an absolute fabulous job of working our way through learning a new organization and structure after fighting through the first few weeks with the weather challenge. So from a cost perspective, those first two weeks, obviously, very expensive. We're headed for a lot of incremental cost, we have to work our way out of the situation with the weather. Bottom line is we are moving along nicely. Every week, we get better and better. All our efficiencies that we've laid out, our targets, every day, every week improve. And again, we're sitting now four weeks into the post weather start up, and we feel very confident where we are going in here into Q4. I will say this, Q4, as Alan stated is expected to be in the black. But also, Q4 will be a very important quarter for us, as we continue to adjust and tweak the network to make sure that we're getting ready for a strong FY '12.
William Logue: Yes. Let me say this here. Again, the first two weeks as Express felt, we had -- actually the quarter had some significant impact from weather, obviously. So if you look at the numbers, there's a substantial number in it. It obviously cost or lost revenue in expenses because the weather storm, I think we had five significant events in the quarter. Obviously, the first couple of days of the new structure of the company were pretty dramatic. But as we go forward here, we're confident and comfortable that we have the right strategy. As far as volume is, we worked hard obviously, Mike's team on the services front, on the yield initiatives. And if you look at the comparisons, the comparisons in Q3 are based on a vary substantially kind of unnormal third quarter of last year, which very -- the volume was very high. So again, we've worked this past year on the yield initiative, and we're seeing very positive results there. And again, we're confident that the volume that we have in the year-over-year comparisons is driven by the yield initiatives primarily, some seasonality, obviously, and some weather. So we feel we're in good shape there. And as we go forward, the customers have responded very well to our new initiative. As we put it, there's choice out there, and they certainly have understand the new initiative. The first two weeks, obviously, there was, I think we read there was some confusion out there. There was -- with the sales team, the ops team and our customer service organization did a fabulous job of touching base with all our customers that were either in the priority or the economy mix and talked to them and clarified to make sure they were picking the right services for their business. And so we think we're well past that, and now it's full steam ahead into Q4.
William Logue: And, Donald, this is Bill again. I will say after the first six weeks here, obviously, the first four weeks, we learned a lot in the new network and we are spending a lot of time making the appropriate adjustments to make sure that we're able to handle today's volumes, future volume, and we're making appropriate adjustments to our network to make sure that we're ready. Obviously, any time you take on a major restructuring that we did, you plan for it. And then the real skill comes when you adjust to what reality hits, when it hits. And again, we're making those adjustments. And again, we've learned a lot and we've made great strides short term. We have great plans for going forward. So we're well positioned and excited for the freight future.
William Logue: Obviously, we've been -- restructuring our network is key, but internally, we focused on the network is one half, to continue yield initiative is the other half. So the answer to your question directly, yes, we need a network positive gains. We're getting that plus continued yield improvement to get where we need to be to get our -- to achieve our double-digit margin goal. And Mike's team is doing a great job continuing focus on it and the ops team has done a great job aligning our metrics for our network side and then the continued great performance by Mike's team negotiated in the yield side of the business is really a key factor as well for our long term success.
