Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our conference call to discuss operating and financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We're very pleased with the operating results at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, which continue to show improvement. At FedEx Express, persistent weakness in the global economy and increasing demand for lower-yielding international services limited profits during the quarter. Superstorm Sandy affected overall earnings as well. At the October investors and lenders meeting, we showed you plans to improve annual profitability by $1.7 billion during the next 3 years with a significant portion of the benefits achieved by fiscal year 2015. I'm very confident we're on our way to achieving this ambitious goal. We're hard at work currently on another record-setting holiday shipping season driven by the increasing popularity of e-commerce. On Monday, December 17, team members moved about 19.8 million shipments through our various systems around the world, a daily record. For the overall holiday, we believe volumes in our worldwide networks will increase by more than 13% compared to last year. I'd like to say thank you to all our team members, especially those in the areas affected by Sandy, for their hard work and dedication during this peak season. Before I turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his views on the economy and Alan Graf for his analysis of the quarter, I'd like to do 2 things. First, I'd like to thank Bill Margaritis, our Corporate Vice President of Communications, who will be departing FedEx on December 31 after 16 years of service. Bill, we appreciate everything you've done for us during your time here and look forward to seeing you often in the future. Second, I'd like to congratulate FedEx Express for being recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as among the world’s top 10 best multinational workplaces for the second year in a row. The ranking is the world's largest annual study of workplace excellence and identifies the top 25 best multinationals in terms of workplace culture. Now let me turn it over to Mike Glenn.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. On our Investor Relations website, you can read a speech which I gave in May at the Wings Club that gives a comprehensive look of our views about the international cargo business from the Express sector through the commodity airfreight or traditional airfreight business down to Ocean Freight. And you'll see that over the last several years, particularly since the great recession, there have been major systemic changes. And I'd commend that work to you because it gives a more comprehensive answer to the question you just asked.
Frederick W. Smith: We have a question from Andrew Meister. Are you actually trying to affect turning freight from one network to another for the long-term benefit of both FDX and your customers? And how do you affect such changes, if so? The reality is we don't affect those changes. The customers affect the changes, and it depends on a number of factors. But again, referencing the Wings Club speech, what you'll see is one of the most important elements in the transportation market over the last decade is the increased price of fuel. From 2001 to 2011, the price of diesel and jet fuel went up about 4.5x. So that by itself drives people to make price service trade-offs, and obviously, the more expensive Express transportation, the more energy intensive, because it's built around aviation, and it drives people to make decisions. Second is the relationship of value per pound of the product that's being shipped. Mike mentioned a cell phone provider, I think it was a communications company, and they moved from Express to SmartPost. Well, what happened there is cell phones went from being exotic, expensive devices to much lower-cost commodities, and so the need to move them with the same speed requirement declined. That's happened to a lot of the electronics trade across the Pacific. And they may be moved in air transportation for a product release, but over time, as the value per pound of the product goes down, they might move to ocean transport. So it's a dynamic process, and we're not doing this. It's a function of what the customers want, and we, then, have to be prepared as we are to efficiently handle it. And that's what the FedEx portfolio does. We can handle nearsourcing or Trans-Pacific. We can handle the most economical shipment in our Ground and SmartPost network or the defibrillator for the surgery tomorrow for a first overnight delivery. Now I do think that the rapidity with some of these changes over the last few years has been something that we've had to deal with, and that's what we talked about in the investors and lenders meeting. And the reality is that things didn't come back the same way after the big recession as everybody thought they would, and so clearly, the voluntary buyout and the new networks that Dave Bronczek are putting in place are reflecting what customers want. So that's the answer to how traffic churns in the network. It's not us. It's the customers and the macroeconomic environment and the input costs, particularly the price of fuel.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I'm going to make a few brief comments regarding the economy, then give a summary of our yield results and then finally, a couple of comments on peak season. We continue to see modest growth in the global economy with our forecast for U.S. GDP calling for 1.9% growth in calendar year '13. For industrial production, we expect a growth rate of 2.4% in calendar year '13. This is slightly lower than our prior forecast, primarily reflecting a lower entry point in FY '13 due to Hurricane Sandy. Our global GDP forecast is 2.5% in calendar year '13. And finally, I just want to emphasize that the calendar year '13 outlook could swing either direction depending upon policy outcomes, especially with the fiscal cliff issues in the U.S. and certainly issues in Europe. Turning to yield. In the domestic Express sector, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express yields increased 2.5%, which was primarily driven by pricing and rate -- rating and discount improvements. In the Ground segment, again, excluding the impact of fuel, our yields increased 2.9%. The year-over-year increase was driven by list and discount improvements followed by an increase in extra services charges. Excluding fuel, in the international export Express segment, package yields declined 3.8% year-over-year due to a change in product mix, rate and discounts and weight changes as well as the impact of exchange rate. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight increased 1.9% year-over-year, which was primarily driven by pricing rate changes. And as noted in our recently released peak day volume forecast, FedEx expected to handle more than 19 million packages on Monday, December 10. FedEx, not only exceeded our forecast on the 10th, but we also handled more than 19 million packages on Monday, November 26, which was Cyber Monday, and Monday, December 17. The heavy volume was driven primarily by e-commerce sales, which consist of lighter weight, lower-yielding residential delivery packages; and our team, both at Express and Ground, worked very closely with our largest e-commerce and multichannel retail customers to deliver outstanding service during this peak season. And with that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Market share data trails, so it would be premature to make definitive statements regarding market share gains at this time. Although, we have seen strong performance, stronger performance out of the Asia Pacific region and certainly, strong performance out of Europe.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, I was just going to highlight, as Dave mentioned, as most people know during the quarter there were several high-tech product releases that certainly benefited the market overall in FedEx. And those don't happen every quarter, but certainly, we benefited from that during the quarter.
T. Michael Glenn: I don't think there is anything beneficial in that regard. I think to the contrary we're still lapping the one customer -- one large customer, the cell phone industry that I mentioned last quarter, which moved the traffic out of the Express network into the home and SmartPost -- Ground and SmartPost network. So that is still a headwind for us in the Express sector. So what we've seen is stronger numbers. Obviously, we've been benefiting from e-commerce to some degree and specific opportunities with other customers. But it's more -- I would say it's more of a headwind than a tailwind that we're dealing with.
T. Michael Glenn: Ken, I just want to highlight a couple of points. I certainly agree with what Dave is saying. But I want you to focus on the fact that FedEx has been leading the industry in terms of overall yield improvement. And our yield management and our sales team along with our revenue management team has done an outstanding job of managing our yields in the various quarters over the last couple of years. Our objective, as I stated at the investor and lenders meeting, is to balance our yield improvement along with volume growth to maximize profitability for each operating company, and we have worked very closely with the operating companies to make sure that we accomplish that. Certainly, during quarters leading up to -- or the quarter leading up to the peak season, we do see a change in customer mix, as Dave noted, which does put some pressure on the yield. But our long-term objective is to balance yield improvements and volume growth to maximize our profits, and that's what we're focused on. So some quarters you're going to see yields a little higher, some quarters you're going to see yields a little lower, but the key is improving our profits.
T. Michael Glenn: Our yield strategy, I can tell you, is independent of what our primary competitor is doing. As I said before, our objective here is to balance our yield improvement along with volume growth to maximize our profitability. We've worked very closely with our Express company to identify opportunities, whether they be on a lane segment basis or out of a particular market or region to grow our services. We've had a lot of new contract negotiations that have come up in the quarter, and we work, again, very closely to make sure that we're getting the level of contribution that we need to get. What's really driving a lot of the yield issues in the market in general in Express is the growth in e-commerce. And again, as I stated at the investor and lenders meeting, our SmartPost and home delivery services are ideal for growth in SmartPost; and at the same time, we are being more selective in the Express segment when pursuing e-commerce opportunities. Certainly, Express benefited during the quarter from strong e-commerce results, but we are more selective in that regard and perhaps more selective than our primary competitor.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, as Bill indicated, when you're dealing with softness in the economy and you have the number of competitors that we are facing in the LTL industry, there is certainly opportunity to see more aggressive pricing. But I would reiterate what Bill said. I would consider the market rational. I think our team has done an outstanding job, again, working with the freight operating company, selectively being aggressive where appropriate and at the same time being focused on improving our yields. And as I stated before, without the impact of fuel, our yields went up 1.9% during the quarter, which I would characterize as very solid performance.
Alan B. Graf: Tom, thanks for the question. At the investors and lenders meeting, we had thought that the buyout would be as people departed. We have since done a lot of further accounting research and have determined that we will take the charges upon the signing of the execution of the voluntary buyouts no matter when people depart. So that's why we will expect most of the charges to occur in 2013. We are working very hard on our reorganization plans. We think we know within pretty a good tolerance range of how many people are going to accept it and where they will be and how we will address that. But until we actually get through February, it's going to be very difficult for me to quantify how much in fiscal '14 that we will be able to put to the bottom line as we determine how long we'll have to retain people to ensure the smooth transition. It will be significant, but I would look for most of the benefits from the voluntary buyout to be realized in fiscal '15. And I will say the same thing for the profit improvement program at Express. We've already started it there. Dave will talk about it. In fact, I'll just turn it over to him and let him talk about it as part of this. We've already started that. We've saved a lot of money already, and we're well on our road. I would just say to sum up, we are very confident about reaching the $1.7 billion profit improvement program by fiscal '16. And I think as the deeper we get into this, the more confident that we are. And let me have Dave talk a little bit about the profit improvement.
Alan B. Graf: Rob, let me just add to that, that we're building momentum, and while I know that a lot of people don't like my outlook for the third quarter, we did keep the year the same because we expect the momentum to build through Q3, and we will really start to see the impact of this at Express in the Q4 results for Express and for the corporation and then on into fiscal '14. So momentum is there. It does take a while to get everything once we've made the plans executed. You've got, for example, bid packs with the pilots. You've got attrition that you have to let happen. We've got to continue to go through the reorganization for the G&A that we're doing, but strong momentum-building, and you'll see it in Q4.
Alan B. Graf: I would also add that our European organic expansion plan is right on target. Our strategic business case there is -- looks very good despite the weak economy over there. They're executing on it very well. As you know, we've made important acquisitions in Poland and France, and we will continue to roll that out, and we're very pleased with the progress.
Alan B. Graf: Well, as we grow FedEx Trade Networks, our purchase transportation costs are going to increase because they're all -- that's all purchase transportation. FedEx Trade Networks is a very important part of our strategy. It goes back to the last couple of questions where we're getting bigger in ocean, and we are also getting bigger in forwarded air traffic on a small basis now, but hope to be larger as we go where we can't justify flying an entire aircraft. That's an important part of our strategy. Also with acquisitions, there's a lot of purchase transportation acquisitions. And acquisitions, when you first make them, you have 2 costs that you have to deal with, particularly in the first year. One is you can't capitalize the cost of the acquisitions anymore. Now those are expensed immediately. And secondarily, you have integration costs as we hook those acquisitions into our international network. We know that going upfront. We have a strategic business case on all of these that understand that. But as we get them tucked in and up and running and FedEx-branded, 18 months down the road, they start to pay off. So those are the answers there. As to the fuel, you have to remember about the fuel surcharge. You have to remember what happened a year ago in terms of those lag between the surcharge and the price and what happened this year. So a lot of people thought we'd have a tailwind. We actually had a headwind, as our fuel price variance was significantly higher than year-over-year and our surcharge revenue was basically flat across the enterprise.
Alan B. Graf: I think it'll be a combination. There'll be small stair steps, but it'll mostly be momentum that will drive this. Again, we are talking about thousands of people here. So as we reorganize around that with a very limited backfill behind that, we have to space these folks out. So there'll be May, then there'll be some August, then there'll probably be some November, then there'll be some the next May. And I don't have clear visibility of that except I know where we'll be in fiscal '15 with pretty good certainty. So we'll have a lot more to say about this over the next couple of calls, Art, because I'll have a lot better knowledge after we actually go through the process. We've told our employees what the voluntary buyout is. We want them to think about it over the holidays and talk with their families. We want to do this the right way, and I'm confident that we'll get where we need to be.
Alan B. Graf: Elliott, the -- most of the voluntary buyouts offered are at FedEx Express and FedEx Services. There'll be a significantly large population, but I'm not going to get into details of numbers. As I said, we expect it to be in the thousands of those who will take the voluntary buyout, and I've given a number between $550 million and $650 million. We will book the majority of that in the fourth quarter as contracts are signed as opposed to spreading that out. So we will have most of the voluntary buyout -- will be in fiscal '13. There will be some continuing costs associated with the program that will go into fiscal '14, but they will not be material compared to the savings that we'll see in '14. So we'll have a plus in fiscal '14. I just can't tell you how big it is today, but I will certainly give you some indication at our next call, and then we'll have a great definitive answer for you when we report our year-end earnings.
Alan B. Graf: Well, I didn't comment on the run rate in '14 and I'm not going to, but you got the fourth quarter charges correct.
Alan B. Graf: I think Dave told you earlier about our biggest customers who are having seasons that are higher than they even forecasted. And so that means that we had to add late additional capacity in November and in December to be able to handle the volume surges that we had not planned or forecasted and still make the service commitments that we made. So that's probably a little bit of nonrecurring because we've really had an unbelievable peak so far as we've given you the numbers. But having said that, knock on wood, the weather's been pretty good, and I think we'll have a great Service week this week and expect that we will continue our expansion at Ground. And we will have to have some of the things that we're dealing with next year, so there's a little bit of that in there. But generally speaking, the margins in Ground are solid, and they're going to stay solid and their growth is going to continue.
David J. Bronczek: Yes. Thanks, Alan, and that's correct. We're very optimistic that the 5-point plan that we presented is going exceptionally well. SG&A, as Alan pointed out, a big part of it is at Express. This quarter, I should go back to, and I'll talk about expenses in a minute here, significantly was affected this quarter, our profits and our margins by Superstorm Sandy was a big part of the $0.11 was at Express. Another big part of it significantly was at fuel that Alan pointed out, although it seemed like it would be a positive, it was a negative significantly. Pension, and then the fourth point that you may not pick up, it's in -- our purchase transportation is our new acquisitions sits in that purchase transportation number. It's a big negative number. That's the short term, obviously, until we get these new acquisitions rolling. So you have those significant headwinds in our profits and our margins this quarter. Going forward, we're very optimistic that those margins and profits improve. But on the expense side, even in this quarter, our FTEs were down 1,736, over 2%. Our fuel usage was down, thanks to our great programs we've put into air operations, aircraft maintenance was down even though our pounds were up. So our pounds were up across the world, a lot of them being international economy, which I'll talk about a little bit later, because it's a new network design that we're putting in for that lower-yielding international traffic to be in a much more cost-effective network going forward. That's part of our 5-point plan. So we're feeling very good about our 5-point plan. We actually had a quarter that would have significantly looked better had those 4 initiatives not hit all at one time. So going forward, we're very optimistic.
David J. Bronczek: And one last thing on the 4 767s, obviously, it's accretive from our operating profits and margins. It's a positive MIRR as well, and it's all part of 1 of those 5 pillars that I pointed out in our fleet modernization as well.
David J. Bronczek: And just one last point, you've seen in our numbers. International priority, which is also international priority distribution where a lot of our high-tech customers use that product, grew at 3%. International economy grew at 14%. So going forward, there's a big opportunity for us there to put those packages in the right network for improving our profits.
David J. Bronczek: That's exactly right, Fred, and we have a great company in Mexico. We come across the border now in trucks when it gets nearsourced, and that's a great question. Or it's Indonesia or it's in China or it's in Austin, Texas. Those customers are telling us in advance where they're moving to, and we align our network to that. In some cases, it's actually better for us financially when they nearsource it. So we have a good line of sight on where these customers are, and we have great businesses and great business models all around the world to handle it.
David F. Rebholz: Okay, Scott, this is Dave Rebholz. There is no question that with our value proposition and the quality of the service that we are performing that we are taking some level of share. It would absolutely be ridiculous to not think that we're not doing that. All up, our customers are pointing out to us what's valuable, what's important. We have picked up a number of significant customers that have, obviously, stated concerns over the U.S. -- UPS situation, but I don't think that's the primary driver in this. Otherwise, I think we would see a heck of a lot more volume coming on board in the short term. So I think we're absolutely winning the game over the long run. In terms of the cost structure, just basic fundamentals here. We -- Alan already mentioned the net fuel position that we were in. We are all in the position of the lagging factor, which will benefit us going forward. We put on a significant -- and you follow us very closely. We put on a significant amount of expansion that comes on in this particular quarter in anticipation of the peak volumes that we have to handle, which Mike already told you, were record-level days. My peers laugh at me when I say it's kind of like the fishes and loaves because the days are unique, dramatic, and we're handling it at incredible levels of performance. So I am very, very pleased with our team. And I would like to go on the record for saying the level of dedication and commitment, not only from our own employees, but from our contractors is second to none. So all up, those are really the 2 big issues in this quarter, fuel and expansion. We anticipated it, and we're looking forward for the years to come, in particular the second half, because I think we've got headway to play this thing out. I have no idea what the situation is with UPS and their contract. All I know is we've got customers that are coming on for the long term.
David F. Rebholz: Ken, the issue here is that as we have moved into this peak season, the acceleration of e-commerce is very real. You don't have to look at FedEx to understand what's going on out there in the marketplace with our largest retail customers and their customers. It appears that there's been a lot of pent-up demand from us, we as consumers, and so ordering online is the most convenient way to do business. So I don't think that trend is going to change. The economics on yield, we were over yield, as was already articulated by Alan in our press release. That's not to say that the larger the customers and as the mix changes that we could not envision some sort of yield risk as a function of customer mix, not as a function of rate, okay? So I think we're in a very healthy position, and all I can tell you is, is that the growth is and the demand is very strong. And yes, it is true, and I'll let Mike comment on it, our largest customers are seeing record years.
David F. Rebholz: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on the specific numbers, but what we were trying to point out to you is every year we have expansion costs in this quarter because we time when we're bringing on capacity in anticipation of peak. In terms of the fuel, that's relatively public information that's -- you've got to be looking at what those fuel trends are. All up, I didn't think that our return on that growth rate was a bad number, so I'm not sure what else I can add to that, but I would ask Alan if he wanted to comment on it beyond that.
