Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, 28-page stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website and the replay and earnings slides will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcomed via e-mail or through the webcast console. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Rajesh Subramaniam, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Mickey Foster: Okay. I think we'll do a couple more questions Fred. Okay on the United States Postal Service, what would be the implications for FedEx and the industry at USPS reform actually passes in the law? As written it seems to broadly support the USPS financially, which could lead to greater competition, but also higher capacity for SmartPost and other products? That's from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. And what are the implications for the extended FedEx and USPS day sort contract with Express also from Brian? So, let me break this into two parts. First let me ask Christine Richards to comment on the legislation that's being considered by the Congress and then I'll get her revert it back to me and either Dave Bronczek or I or one of us will comment about the other two aspects of this question.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of results for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. We appreciate the interest of the people on the call. As our press release notes, we reaffirm our FY'17 guidance of $11.85 to $12.35, adjusted EPS based on our expectation of an excellent fourth quarter and despite the 30% year-over-year fuel cost increase in the third quarter. Going forward, we will experience less volatility in earnings when fuel prices change rapidly due to our new weekly versus monthly fuel charge adjustment system that was implemented last month. Alan will cover this in greater detail. I should note given the interest in the subject, FedEx Ground segment margin will be 15% plus in the current quarter and Alan will also comment further on this. FedEx delivered an outstanding peak season with our highest volumes ever and record service levels. I think our team members around the world for doing this. We believe strongly that our strategic investments to expand our global scope and our portfolio of services will significantly increase long-term profits. During the third quarter for example, FedEx was pleased to extend our 16-year Express Air transportation relationship with the U.S. Postal Service and we added to our range of customer solutions with FedEx Fulfillment to benefit small and medium-sized businesses and we reached agreement with Walgreens to broaden convenient access to FedEx services. Raj will provide additional context on these. The integration of TNT Express is proceeding smoothly and we are targeting operating income improvement at the FedEx Express Group of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. Alan and Dave Bronczek will offer additional information on this. We reiterate our continued improvement -- continued commitment to grow corporate earnings, margins, cash flows and returns over the long term. Recently Fortune Magazine recognized FedEx as one of the best companies to work for and world's most admired companies, a reflection of the commitment by more than 400,000 team members who are purple promise, which simply states, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now I'll turn the call over to Raj.
Fred Smith: All right Mickey, let's start off with a question about capital. A, will CapEx as a percentage of sales come down by the end of this decade or will it remain elevated beyond 2020. Any specifics would be appreciated. That's from Amit Mehrotra, Deutsche Bank. And B, what will be your biggest requirements for capital over the next five years? As a percentage of revenue, do you expect your capital budgets to be less, the same or more than will be this year Matthew Troy, Wells Fargo. Alan will take this.
Fred Smith: Let me make an editorial comment based on what Mike said about our reaching 80% of our FedEx Freight having these new modern technologies in the tractors. Similarly, Ground has been providing incentives and soon all of our independent service providers will be required to have these same types of technologies and quite frankly, the Department of Transportation and the Congress should mandate these technologies. It is simply unacceptable to have vehicles on the road that don't have these modern technologies that can prevent so many accidents that take place historically because of the inability to stop in time or to change lanes precipitously and so forth. So, every truck load carrier in the United States every LTL carry ground parcel, it should all be mandated and we're trying as hard as we can to push this technology into every vehicle we have as fast as we have, as we possibly can do it.
Fred Smith: It's funny you should ask that I just requested several months ago another look at whether we should put an ROIC component into our LTI, which Judie Edge who heads up our Corporate HR and Strategic Finance, headed up by Bob Henning just did a crackerjack report and we will show this to our Board of Directors either at the next meeting or the June meeting. I can't member which. But bottom line is our current correlation between EPS and shareholder return is so close, it's approaching 95% and the dangers of perverse incentives of putting things like that on automatic pilot are so great that we don't think that it makes sense. Now having said that, for those of you who have been here or listen to what we've said over the last year and a half, let me say it again. I don't think that FedEx Corporation CapEx in absolute dollars is going to vary too much for the foreseeable future. We want to put these new modern airplanes in. We see an opportunity to continue to grow our ground business, the Freight 2020 initiative that Mike said. But with the numbers that we gave you today, it just reinforces what we've been saying that margins, cash flows and returns are going to increase over the next several years. So, there should be an increase in free cash flow unless we do some other corporate development activity or as Alan mentioned to you, there is expensing of the new tax bill or we got 33 foot trailers, which is a huge improvement in national productivity and safety as we've been arguing over and over again. That might change in a little bit, but I don't think you're going to see the CapEx materially change the next few years. It's just too lucrative to us and our position does nothing but strengthen competitively by continuing to do this, but we will be throwing off more free cash flow in the years to come as a result of these projections or outlooks that Alan gave to you particularly based on AT&T synergies.
Fred Smith: So, let me just talk about in the broadest terms here. Obviously, our daytime system is as a great asset of FedEx. It's terrific for the Postal Service. It provides wonderful service for their priority mail. It allows us to transport on the same airplane, our two-day express and our IE traffic to and from international points as required. So, I think you will continue to see us put a lot of emphasis in these areas. In the case of SmartPost overall, I think it's important to people that follow this industry to again recognize that there is no entity that has the delivery density of the United States Postal Service. Henry knows these number better than I, but it's something like $155 million deliveries they make every day. I think it's 120 million residential and 30 how is it, 125 million out of the 155 million are residential deliveries. They have mostly these small vehicles delivering mail, which pays for the route. The Postal Service's overall revenues are three quarters mail, one quarter package and the packages co-mingle with the mail has proven to be a very great thing for the e-commerce industry and for the Postal Service. The real question is what happens over time as mail is diverted to digital transmission as opposed to physical delivery, which lowers the revenue per stop and what implications that has on the package business? There is this constant refrain about the Postal Service as quote, "a competitor as in this question, the biggest part of the Postal Service is packaged delivery business is partial select, that's where you have upstream providers pick up transport and insert into the Postal Service packages for last mile delivery by the Postal Service. That's our SmartPost. FedEx round every day or every operating day injects into approximately 22,000 postal DD use as they call them, direct delivery units for last mile delivery. It's a wonderful agreement. We do all the upstream, these enormous hubs and operate these twin trailers, which again would be much better if they were 33 versus 28 and our SmartPost UPS's version of this UPS Assure Post and Amazon's direct injection into the Postal Service is the vast majority of the Postal Service's Parcel Select business. The next biggest cohort is postal pickup, transport and delivery of priority mail, most of which is transported by air by FedEx Express. Then there's some other segments there, first-class mail package or whatever it is at Sub 1 Pound is like the samplers you get and that and the other. That's the postal package business. There are some other ones, but there's this constant refrain of Postal Service as a competitor, the Postal Service is our good partner in most cases. There's some overlap there, but if you don't define the market clearly, you don't understand what these logistic systems are and what they are not and that's what's led to a lot of this mythology out there that people that only see the delivery end of it and not everything that's upstream.
Fred Smith: But more importantly what you need to do is look at what Alan told you last June, what was the range you gave last June Alan.
Fred Smith: I think there is one more point to make here and that was Allen's comment a few minutes ago, the vast majority of FedEx business is business to business. 85% plus of our business has nothing to do with e-commerce. So, Amazon is a wonderful company and they certainly have revolutioned the e-commerce world and we're not sure what Amazon is going to do one way or another. But the FedEx system that consists of thousands of facilities and the ability to pick up transport and deliver it in one to two business days between any two addresses in the United States has been decades in the making and we think that we have a not great risk of being disrupted to use the term and we obviously as Raj and Dave Bronczek and others are putting a lot of effort into making sure that there is no opportunity for somebody to disrupt us on a substantial scale. So, I think again people focus on the e-commerce because everybody looks at this from their mobile phone forward where the real story is everything behind the mobile phone and that's what FedEx has in enormous quantities; airplanes, trucks, facility, team members. So hopefully that answers your question.
Fred Smith: And Scott, let me give you one example here of just what we're talking about. I happened to be in New York last Monday given a talk for Fortune Magazine. A snowstorm hit, which I unfortunate was out in. I don't know what that snowstorm cost FedEx with the size and scope of our operations, but it certainly cost us a significant amount of money at Ground, Freight and Express. So, whatever it is, that's why we have a range because stuff happens. Now if volumes are a bit stronger than we think in the fourth quarter, they won't make any difference. We'll be at the top end of the range. If volumes aren't quite as strong then that snowstorm may push us within the range to some other place. So, it's very difficult for us to be any more specific and I think as I mentioned a moment ago, for a company of this size, $60 million for the CFO a year ago June, to tell you that we were going to have a range and we now reconfirm 10 months later even I am in all of that. I think it's just remarkable with our financial planning folks and the great systems that Alan and Bob Henning and the operating companies to be up together, this is really something to watch that we're able to tell you with the degree of specificity that we do tell you.
Fred Smith: Again, let me stress what Henry just said here to make sure the plane is there. This lets the merchant sell on any marketplace. So, if they want to sell on Amazon, that's great. If they want to sell on Walmart, it is very aggressive trying to attract marketplace customers that they want to sell on eBay if they want to sell on Ali Baba, JD.com, as Henry said, there are 90 of these marketplaces. Now obviously, Amazon in this country is the biggest. So that is the advantage that they get all of the centralized support that Henry gave to you, but they can sell in any or all of the channels that they find most useful for their product and merchandise.
Alan Graf: The biggest requirements for capital over the next five years will remain elevated at Express. We have a current pace that we have right now and you can see in our stat book how that pace continues. So, I think over time, we will start to see post FY'18 CapEx as a percentage of revenue will begin to decline. TNT is not nearly as capital intensive as Express is. Although we are investing a lot in the integration and as you saw in my opening remarks, we've accelerated a lot of these costs into '17 and will bring some of '19 into '18 because we've been so successful as Dave so eloquently described. There are a couple wildcards in what I'm saying here. One is if we can somehow get approval for 33-foot twins, those have a ridiculously fast payback and we will begin to re-fleet our linehaul ground operations as rapidly as we can. Those were not in my projections and then secondarily, if there is expensing of capital as part of the tax code, we're likely to accelerate our capital spending as well because we get significantly improved returns on essentially the interest-free loan from the government but be able to expense day one.
Alan Graf: Allison, a couple more points, the vast majority of the volume that we carry at FedEx Corporation is business to business and while e-commerce is the fastest-growing piece, it's the smallest piece. And secondarily, as we discussed many times and we can discuss that at infinitum, we can't afford the same capital intensity for peak e-commerce volume, which is why we have been backing away from some customers and raising our prices significantly. So that balancing act will continue for us going forward.
Alan Graf: I think you're going to expect that our CapEx spend will decline over time. The size of the projects that we're bringing on, I think will position us for the future. In terms of capacity, we generally buy, we acquire land for what we believe is the end state for the facility, but we don't build to a future need, which gives us the ability to expand those facilities over time as business conditions warrant. A great example of that is next year we have one new hub coming online, which is in Houston and we have two hub expansion projects, which are at existing hubs, one being in Champaign, Illinois and the other in Northern Kentucky. So, we don't really have -- I don't want to give you the perception here that we have unused capacity. We really don't. Once, we get the facility in place, we have the -- we just engineer the ability to expand it over some number of years as it reaches full phase in its life.
Alan Graf: It's Alan. So also, everything else we're doing at Express, so there are unbelievable things going on at Domestic Express, things that have nothing to do with TNT in terms of productivity. We continue to deploy automation and IT solutions everywhere that are increasing our cost performance and so I can't see the $750 million anymore. It's really the issue and I might've been able to see it little bit longer, but we've done such a good job with speeding up the integration that became very clear. So, we haven’t wait till June. We just thought we would deliver this news now and so you'll know what to expect.
Alan Graf: Well, I probably shouldn't have given you the dang bonus about grounds fourth quarter margin. So that will be the last time I do that. I think the point is that we didn't have the financial quarter in Q3 that we had expected, but we had a lot of reasons why that won't repeat. Notably some of our largest customers at Ground did not hit their forecast, yet we provided capacity for that, that went unused. We had one less operating down on what you have in your model for that. Fuel, as I described was a big change that will probably reverse itself in Q4 and then the tax rate. So, it's more steady as she goes and I were you guys, I would forget Q3. Look at everything else we said.
Alan Graf: I don't know where to begin. The range is the range because we have a lot of moving parts and this is a big complicated company, but what we do is very hard to do I might add and I am so proud of our team that does this every day that goes back to the question that Fred just answered before. It is very hard to do. It's very capital intensive. There are so many things that go on around the world. I quit giving quarterly ranges because I can never hit him. So, I think we'll just let it stand for where we are and we'll talk about Ground's margins in FY'18 in June.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes sir. As I mentioned before, our planning is well underway for the peak 2017 to ensure we provide outstanding service for our customers and we continue to work with our customers year-round to prepare for peak. Now it's important to remember that it was relatively small number of customers that drive the bulk of surge in demand at peak and we work closely with each of them to ensure the highest possible levels of accuracy on their forecast. But do keep in mind that forecasting e-commerce volume at peak is an exact signs at best. With all that being said, we're looking at several pricing options to ensure that we get a reasonable return on investments that we're making.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Let me kick if off and then I'll turn it over to Henry. This is Raj. We do not break out our commercial and residential volume growth numbers. Although what I can tell you is that we did see higher growth rates in our residential delivery volume driven by e-commerce.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you. Matthew. Let me just say that Amazon is a long-standing customers of ours and while Amazon does deliver a portion of their packages, they still rely heavily on USPS, UPS and FedEx for delivery and it's definitely worth mentioning that no single customer represents more than 3% of our total revenue and Amazon is far from being our largest customer.
Henry Maier: Allison, this is Henry Maier. Well, first of all, I think we get an awful lot of flexibility out of these highly-automated projects that we've deployed last couple years. In fact, today we operate roughly 100 fully automated facility that includes hogs, that includes automated satellites and we have a lot of incremental capacity built into those buildings just by virtue of the fact that the technology not only allows us to operate those buildings more per day, we get better productivity out of them. They require about 30% less headcount to operate and the automation of the operation allows us to flex that capacity across the network, depending upon where the volume shows up. So, we've invested in capacity today through our CapEx spend, that is going to allow us the ability to flex up and down based on volume for some time. In terms of just network planning in general, we have a five-year plan. It's a rolling five-year plan. We adjust the number of projects up or down based on trends we see in the business. I would say that other than the items that Alan mentioned, probably the biggest thing out of our control right now with respect to our CapEx spend is the timing of the projects. We had three major hubs this year delayed due to weather. We had a land acquisition that was delayed because we discovered some historic artifacts on it. So, through the due the due diligence process, we're going to have to comply with the state laws with regard to finding those kind of things. So, I think we're in good shape today and in the future. I don't feel like we're in the catch-up mode. We've been in the last couple years and I am going to throw this back to Alan. He wants to make a comment here.
Henry Maier: Down the first question, I think we got to keep in mind here that the mission is improving delivery density and revenue per stop and we're getting some software delivered this summer. We call it The Terminator. Internally, it's part of a delivery optimization project that allows us to virtually divert packages in the network from SmartPost to ground that have the same address on the same day. But you got to keep in mind here that there is also an opportunity with adjacent deliveries and the ability to build density through the expansion of our retail on-site network, which is the Walgreens deal that we did couple months ago that Raj referred to. So, there is a number of moving parts here that get us to where we believe we need to be. We do have an internal number, but we've decided that we're going to keep it internal for this time. In terms of Ground businesses and the trouble of finding contractors, you might be surprised to know that the actual number of businesses under contract has declined over time and that's been the result of two things. One, the size of these businesses is getting larger and two, our transition to a single independent service provider contract nationwide. Currently we contract with roughly 6,000 small businesses that collectively employ over 60,000 employees and we have seen no indication that these businesses are having any trouble attracting drivers either on the line haul side or on the pickup and delivery side. And we just came through a record peak season and they performed admirably in terms of being able to get the necessary resources to handle the volume.
Henry Maier: Yes, I would say without breaking out our Ground and sorry, commercial and residential volumes, our commercial volume has been very strong and have been for the last three quarters or so. I think I'm pretty bullish on where we are from here, but you need to understand that we're going to continue to balance yield and volume going forward as Alan and others have said here. And other than that, I think you can continue to see us make good progress in this area.
Henry Maier: So, let me give you a couple updates there. First of all the company that was formally known as GENCO was rebranded to FedEx supply chain in the quarter and we launched FedEx Fulfilment which I think you need to look at as an all-in-one logistics solution for e-commerce companies, but primarily targeted at small and medium-sized e-commerce companies, some of which are startups. Let me just put little bit of color around this. You really need to have somewhere between 50 and 2,000 shipments a day to fit into this and the reason why that range is necessary is because in order for this to work, you got to have the ability to keep your inventory in at least one of potentially two of these warehouses that are run by FedEx supply chain. The reason why that's important is, is that we've cited those fulfillment centers in such a way as we can reach 94% of the population out of two of the -- out of two of them in two days or less and I will let you this should be obvious to you why that's a big deal. The pitch is simply this, FedEx Fulfilment is a one-stop shop for warehousing, fulfillment order management, inventory and transportation management, and reverse logistics, which allows these small to medium sized customers to really focus on their business, which is selling things online. It is not a marketplace. However, since these folks may be selling on their own market, on their own website, it gives them the ability for us to have -- for them to have visibility to their inventory as they could potentially sell across some of the 90 or so marketplaces that exist out there. Its highly customizable in the sense that you can -- we will actually ship your product in your own branded carton, which is really important because there are now companies that don't allow you to sell or sorry, to fulfill for certain fulfillment operations if it's going to show up in that company's branded box. They also do gift wrapping as part of this. So, something that's really important for some of these smaller facilities. It's also integrated with FedEx cross-border, which gives them the ability to sell internationally, which is a big deal for these small customers because generally the first thing they find out is once they get online and get the product on one of these marketplaces, orders come in from parts of the world they didn't expect. I will tell you that we're really grateful for the customer interest we've had in this today because it's far surpassed any of our expectations. Hope that answers your question.
Dave Bronczek: Jack, thanks for the question. You should know that we have been operating on Saturdays at FedEx Ground for going on 17 or 18 years now and operating six days a week is absolutely nothing new to us. In fact, every year at peak, at least for the past 10 years or so, we've operated six days a week sometimes seven every day from a cyber Monday through Christmas Eve. And our highly-automated facilities give us the capability to do this. Now given the growth of e-commerce, we thought some time ago that if retail customers could ship six days a week in December, they might like to do that 12 months out of the year. So, couple of years ago, we actually put together a concept where we began offering six-day delivery in select markets. Now in addition to the obvious customer benefits to this, you should know that there are some pretty significant operational benefits to operating six days a week around as well. What we've learned from all of this and what we continue to learn all through these pilots, is in order to get the full benefit of a six-day operation, e-commerce companies must fulfill and release volume over the weekend and time for sortation and delivery on a Monday. If they're able to do that, then you're going to hit a homerun because you significantly advance volume in the network that would've been due for Tuesday. As customers adjust their operations to fulfill and ship on weekends and do it year-round, I can assure you we are ready to take their business.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks for the question. Yes, Liège Belgium I was just there two months ago with my colleague Rob Carter and I have to tell you they've done a great job there. We're putting in new technology into the automation, into the hub there. We're starting, you probably saw the press release already come out. We have a 777 that starts in April that comes out of Liège, comes to Memphis, goes to Seattle, goes to Asia, it's going to be fantastic. In every way, we actually improve our service and our cutoffs and deliveries. So, the answer to your question specifically is yes. I'm proud of the management team in Liège. They’ve done a great job of transitioning from an old facility to a new one. It's critical to our success there. It goes a long side of our Cologne hub and our CDG hub. So, it will operate all three hubs there. It's very effective for us to have all three hub operations in Europe.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, let me add to what Fred said, I can tell you that you're right and I said it in my comments, the sales organization in Europe is highly motivated. They're extremely excited to be part of the FedEx global sales organization and the marketing team. So, I think that you're going to see us become a little bit more aggressive as I mentioned before in filling up our 777s coming out of Liège and the operations in Europe. I think there's going to be more synergies between the volumes, between TNT of the past and FedEx in Europe, including helping our yields and including helping our product profitability, but also fundamentally growing our volume and growing our revenue. No question about it.
