Brie Carere: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Raj discussed, during the first quarter, manufacturing, global trade and consumer spending decelerated, particularly late in the quarter and certainly more than we anticipated. As a result, our first quarter volumes were lower than we forecasted. Our current expectations for 2022 U.S. GDP growth and U.S. industrial production forecasts have declined by about 100 basis points since June. Data shows that U.S. consumer spending has slowed as inflation remains a challenge. Further, consumption is skewed towards services, demonstrated by the fact that in June, excluding auto, the real retail inventory to sales ratio fully recovered to its pre-pandemic level. From October to June, the real inventory to sales ratio, excluding automotive, increased 14 basis points, which was the fastest gain over an 8-month period in the 25-year history of the series. Also, real retail sales, including auto, after growing 4.6% and 10.8% in calendar year ‘21 and ‘22 respectively are now down 3.1% year-over-year through July and are pacing to have the worst decline since The Great Recession. Turning to our transportation businesses, I’d like to spend a moment on the dynamics occurring within FedEx Express and most specifically in Asia and Europe. Starting with Asia, our results were impacted by macroeconomic weakness. Our lower demand is consistent with the broader market, with ocean and air freight rates under pressure in recent weeks. A good indicator of how quickly the market changed in Asia is to review the spot rates coming out of Hong Kong and Shanghai. In June and July, spot rates were between 20% and 40% higher year-over-year, respectively. In early August, these rates fell to single digits, and by the end of the month, Shanghai had plummeted to a 10% decline year-over-year, while Hong Kong rates were flat. Through June, which is the latest data available, we have had small market share gains in our Asia region. In Europe, the economy was weaker than we anticipated and service further pressured our results. Our network integration was successfully completed in March, but it is an incredibly complicated effort to combine two individual networks of this scale. Throughout the quarter, we continued to refine our standard operating procedures to improve service levels and create momentum across our European division. Moving now to FedEx Ground, revenue growth was driven by higher yields from higher fuel surcharges, base rate increases and improved volume mix. Despite volumes being lower than anticipated, we have held market share in the United States. FedEx Ground has strong service levels, best-in-market transit times and an exciting new picture proof of delivery capability. We are ready to deliver for peak. We will remain nimble in leveraging peak surcharges to balance demand and the capacity of our network as we monitor volume trends. And at FedEx Freight, momentum continues to build. The Freight team delivered another strong quarter marked by 21% revenue growth. The team continues to drive disciplined execution, focused on revenue quality and profitable share growth. For the company overall, we continue to execute our revenue quality strategy and pursue business that provides attractive yields. We continue to deliver new pricing capabilities, and we’ve taken recent actions to stay well positioned relative to the market as we approach peak. We have maintained a brisk pace for repricing contracts for the renewals and continue to negotiate strong increases. We just announced a 6.9% general rate increase this coming January in our response to inflationary pressures on our costs. We also announced our new remote area surcharge and peak residential pricing in the United States. In Europe and Asia, we will launch a new handling surcharge as well as January. In August, we implemented international fuel surcharge table adjustments for Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Fuel surcharges are an important pricing tool. We rigorously monitor fuel prices to ensure that we are appropriately positioned relative to the market. We’re moving with speed and agility to reposition our business model for today’s operating environment. As you heard from Raj, we had a great – we have a great opportunity to align costs with volume levels. We are committed to doing this while executing against our commercial strategy and delivering for our customers. Importantly, we’re still focused on the longer-term opportunity growing in high-value segments, driving improved service quality and, of course, delivering an outstanding customer experience. I am really pleased with how our teams have responded in this dynamic environment, and we are well positioned to deliver during the upcoming peak season. Service is strong and we have a fantastic value proposition. With that, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lenz.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. Brian, just to kind of reiterate what we – I know we had a lot of opening comments, but when we look at kind of the background, we really did break things into three categories. In Asia-Pacific, we absolutely believe that this is a market trend and not a FedEx trend. As I mentioned, our market share studies, they are little bit of a lagging indicator, but we do see that through June, in our Asia-Pacific region, we actually gained market share. And that’s why I shared those spot rates and how quickly the market changed in August. And we do believe the entire market is experiencing that in Asia. In Europe, similar story from an economic perspective, we think that the economy got worse throughout the quarter. We, however, as we acknowledged, did not have the improvement in service in the quarter that we had expected. We actually saw some plateau in service levels, so that was a FedEx issue. And as Raj mentioned, we are working on it seriously and actually feel good about the momentum there from a service improvement. And then here in the United States, as I mentioned through June, we can see that we have held market share. If you actually look from a nuance perspective, I would say that the one nuance within the domestic performance is that from a FedEx Ground economy perspective, we have prioritized revenue quality and so we have let some volume go. That was very conscious and we have seen that kind of persist throughout the quarter. So overall, we do think that the entire market is experiencing what we had from a macroeconomic perspective. And then for Q2, you have got the revenue range and I would say that September is right in that range.
Brie Carere: Yes. What I will say is that from a customer perspective, our customers are incredibly sticky. And what we experienced, especially in August, both in Asia and here in the United States is two things, is their demand actually wasn’t there and our customers missed their own forecasts. So I think from a customer relationship perspective, we are working with them furiously to help them manage their – the difficulties that they are experiencing in their own business. But from a customer stickiness perspective, this is absolutely a reduction of demand within their own business, not a share loss implication.
Brie Carere: Great question. And let me answer the second part first. The answer is absolutely not. At FedEx, one of the things we talk about a lot is quality-driven management and core service actually costs more. And our teams are completely aligned that we are going to reduce cost and continue to improve service. And I cannot emphasize that enough that these things will move hand in hand, and we are very confident in our service at Ground as we head here into the peak season for e-commerce. When we are talking about service in Europe, as Raj mentioned, the margin integration of the airline was successful. We successfully integrated the airline. It was very complicated and we did suffer some service challenges in March. As we stood in front of you in June, we absolutely had improvement from that March point. We did expect continued improvement in July and August. And what we experienced in Europe was a plateau in that service improvement. And I want to be really specific. When we get into Europe, the international domestic markets, when we talk about like our UK market or we talk about the France market, that domestic service is actually really, really strong. And then when we get across Europe on the deferred service offerings, it’s strong. We have to elevate the service within our overnight business in Europe, and that is our number one focus from a service perspective. And yes, I am confident that Karen and her team will continue to improve there. But I just wanted to kind of give you that background of kind of where we’re at and what we’re looking at moving forward. And absolutely, our entire team knows, reduce cost and improve service.
Brie Carere: Fair question. I think the answer is inflation. Last year, we had a 5.9% increase in post, and by the way, we have just an incredible insight into our pricing discipline in the market and the commercial tools the team have are just best-in-class. So last year, we did a 5.9%. It was incredibly sticky. We had continued cost increases throughout the year, and so we felt that the 6.9% was appropriate for this year’s GRI. We will monitor post-implementation stickiness. And of course, we’re constantly looking to balance the yield and the volume and make sure that we get the right volume levels from a utilization perspective. But given the inflationary backdrop, yes, we thought this was the right increase for the year.
Brie Carere: So the short answer is the vast majority of our volume miss was macroeconomic. We talked about it kind of when you think about the miss, it really was predominantly at Express, with Asia being the largest issue. We believe that was entirely macroeconomic. And then when we get into Europe, there was a split between service and the macroeconomic decline. I will tell you two things. From a service perspective, when we say service issues, specifically what we’re talking about is on the Express portfolio within Europe, across the European network is that we are not hitting that time-definite mark at the level that we expect of FedEx. And so we need to kind of increase that service commitment there. What I will tell you is that the sales team and our customer base absolutely wants FedEx participating in this market. And we have had strong indications that customers are looking for us in their portfolio in Europe. We have great relationships with large globals here in the United States, and they want us as part of their portfolio in Europe. So I’m very optimistic about the future in Europe.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Tom. This is Mike. So you are correct in observing that the biggest order of magnitude of the cost reductions is from flexing down the air network. So, that will come into play, particularly as we move through into the second half of the year as the flight reductions for the – take effect in October and into November. So at Ground, you spoke of the facility and sort rationalization. What that does for us is as volumes fell down below expectations that leads to inefficient line haul, because load factor is down and so thus, you are running more line haul than you need for the volume you have. So by consolidating sorts and rationalizing facilities, that’s just an example of how we can optimize against the lower volume. I also highlight that within the capital spending projections, we have deferred a number of planned Ground facilities and we actually canceled a few that we are literally about to initiate. So we are moving quickly on this and fully acting to realize the full potential there. So we have clear plans to get at all of these. We have a long list and they all add up to a very solid number and the team is focused on execution.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Jordan, this is Mike. We also are very intently focused on identifying these variable costs and shortening the time span of which we can realize the reduction there. So again, there is a span and continuum across different lines of business and nature of costs, but we are intently focused on shortening that horizon.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Helane. In taking that down, we’re maintaining connectivity and service in the network but there is lower volume so we need less lift. So as a result, we identified the need to – the opportunity to park aircraft, just as we have demonstrated in the past, the equivalent of about eight narrow-bodies is what we will be idling temporarily. And so as you can appreciate, that defers maintenance spending that we otherwise would have had. And of course, you save the operating costs of not flying. So we will continue to take that approach for how conditions unfold.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Chris, so this is Mike. Let me take that in two parts. First, you asked about the second quarter in that. So as we emphasize, we saw the downturn in the demand in the latter part of Q1. And as we expect those trends to persist through all of Q2, while we’ve accelerated or we will realize more of the cost savings in Q2 as you highlight, we also have 3 full months of that step change in demand that occurred late in Q1. So that certainly pressures Q2 margins. As we go through the year, the savings build and we expect then that the pressures relative to Q2 will mitigate as we go through – be less as we go through the year.
Mike Lenz: Hi, Ken, this is Mike. First, as it relates to your question about the prerelease, so we felt that was appropriate for the circumstances. That’s consistent with market practices and, quite frankly, allowed us to use more time today to be talking about how we’re going to address it and our future plans.
Mike Lenz: No, it wouldn’t drop to the bottom line because of the actions we’re taking. We’re reducing costs to adjust to a lower demand environment. So while that doesn’t leave us at the expectations that we highlighted – that we outlined in June, it’s certainly the case that we’re significantly mitigating that as we go through the year. As it relates to Express, I would – as I highlighted earlier, the demand downturn, particularly in Asia Pacific, and in Europe occurred late in Q1. So Q2 will be – we will see margin pressure, again, at Express, not dissimilar to what we experienced in Q1. But the structural initiatives really gain hold at Express as we move through Q2. So as you think about the overall cost-outs, Express has more as we move through the year because just of the timing of the big elements there.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Todd. So yes, the basic underlying planning assumptions that we are using is that the demand levels that we experienced in late August will continue through the rest of the year, and so that we’re taking actions accordingly to react to that. So that’s the operating assumption now. I don’t have a crystal ball about contagion in that. But rest assured, we are going to be continuing to focus on the things we can control. And if we need to make further adjustments and reductions in the cost structure, we will move quickly and decisively.
Mike Lenz: Jeff, yes. Let me just specifically address the $100 million, you can put it into two pieces. We had a specific customer bad debt reserve that we booked for $80 million at FedEx Logistics. And so while we are pursuing legal action, it was the appropriate reserve to take at this point in time. And then while we separate it out in terms of our adjusted earnings, there is also $24 million of our business realignment is in that corporate/other line. So maybe that gives a little more context for what’s there. To clarify as far as any other – no charges or anything that was specific to the items you were asking about.
Mike Lenz: I think, David, the way to frame it is that we fully recognize that the external environment has changed more than we expected. So we’re focused on delivering the margin improvement, lowering the capital intensity that we highlighted, but it’s absolutely the case that a greater emphasis will be put on the cost reductions. And so that’s what we’re highlighting here today. And we have the specific initiatives and plans in place to go after that and realize that as supportive of the goals that we outlined.
Mike Lenz: So to clarify, for the cost savings that we’ve identified for FY ‘23, no, there is nothing associated with that. Now previously, as we talked about the broader business optimization initiatives over a number of years, we scoped that, that could be potentially in the $2 billion range but that is over a longer time horizon. But the near-term cost initiatives, there is no special charge for that.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Let me start and then Brie can talk about some of the trends you are saying. Listen, I can’t comment on what our competition is seeing or not seeing. All I can say is the trends that we are seeing in the marketplace and we want to get out ahead of this. And listen, the whole – at the end of the day, the macro is going to ebb and flow. It’s really the activities that we do that matters at the end of the day and we want to take control of what we can control. And that’s why we are being very aggressive on our cost actions. And again, we will let the economic environment, the things that we don’t control it will do what it will do. We will just – we will focus on the issues that we can control in primarily on the cost side. I will let Brie talk about the revenue trends.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, Brandon. I think we are absolutely fully committed to taking cost levers out. We have talked about that in three buckets: fiscal year ‘23, the $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion with – for cost take-out here. We are talking about $4 billion between ‘23 and ‘25 and then in the Network 2.0 of $2 billion after that. So those are significant numbers. We are confident in these numbers. We have identified domains with targets. We have people who are focusing on run the business and people focused on transform the business. And we are using cutting-edge technology and some of it is already coming on live here. And all of this is in motion as we speak to deliver value as quickly as possible. So we are confident, we are committed, and this is definitely the focus of the entire team. As far as TNT is concerned, since you asked that question, you got to go back and look at the – a little bit of history here. There is a portfolio gap that we had in Europe that our competition has – has been in Europe since 1974 and it took – it’s a very important business and profitable business for them. We had to fill that portfolio gap. Now has the integration gone exactly the way we thought it would? No, because we had the cyber-attack, we had COVID, we had all kinds of things in the middle. But the integration is now complete, and the – that part of it is done. We had – the service issues are getting better. And we have in our portfolio to sell in Europe that’s unmatched and sales is getting on the front foot. So this is a starting point, if you would call, and that’s why we are confident of the improvements that Europe is going to deliver for us over the next 2 or 3 years. And again, on the issue of Network 2.0, it’s very easy to say yes, put it together and look at the numbers, yes, that’s great. But the complexity of – from a technology perspective, from a facilities perspective, other issues is far greater. And most importantly, we have $4 billion of in-network efficiencies we can get relatively easier than that. And by the way, we’re building technology that will enable us to get the Network 2.0. So we think it’s a right sequence.
Raj Subramaniam: As far as the perceived issues on the Ground side, let me just assure you, first of all, that the service levels at FedEx Ground are now reached pre-pandemic levels and we are very well positioned for peak. The 6,000 contractors, we have 96% of them have signed the peak incentive program. And to put that in perspective, this is running ahead of where we were last year. So a lot of those were in the media. They are all much more of a perception issue than reality, and we are well positioned for peak and we have the support from our team.
Raj Subramaniam: Jack, I think I’m very, very confident in the team that we have. There is a lot of experience here. We have several new players in place. The team is very, very excited. Obviously, we will look at external talent. We already brought an external talent on several areas of this company, so they are not worse of that at all. It’s just that we have a very, very good team, Jack, and I’m very confident that we can deliver.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Ari, for that question. First of all, let me just say, our FedEx Freight team has done – continue to do a phenomenal job of both managing revenue quality and our operating efficiency to generate fantastic results. And they also form a great piece of our portfolio and also provide synergies on the cost side. The point that you made is important because – but we have – when there is a significant change, when we went to our last downturn, that we were very much focused on revenue quality and efficiency. And as even through the downturn, actually, the margins expanded. And so we are very disciplined in this area and we are executing the plan. We will have to watch how the market conditions change. Our volumes have actually, as you can see, have declined, and yet the margins have gone up. And the team has done a fantastic job and I expect them to do that going forward.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, Bascome, I think that’s an excellent question. And let me just think about this for a second. You see, 2016 was we’re primarily in the B2B space. And when you look ahead of the market, we thought 90% of the growth for the next 5 years is going to be e-commerce and 10% B2B. Well, you look back now and look at that time frame, we see almost, not 90% but more than 100% of the growth came from e-commerce. So we actually expanded our e-commerce portfolio in a big way and expanded our operations. We’re very proud of the work we did in creating this portfolio of services in this time frame. We also did one of the most important work in the history of the company, especially with Express by delivering vaccines and health care around the world and especially in the time of the great pandemic, where operating a network like ours around the world was extraordinarily complex with changing circumstances. So I’m extremely proud of the team for having executed that. So this is the timeframe we’re talking about. So what we did not anticipate, to be perfectly honest with you, was the tremendous inflation of costs that hit us squarely last year. And that was what really got us. And even with that, we had tremendous results in fiscal year ‘22 from an EPS perspective. But we absorbed a lot of costs from the inflation side of the house. And then, of course, and now that we’re dealing with this situation, we had to build capacity and now we have more capacity than we need. So could we have timed that a little better? I don’t know how you’re going to calculate it. It’s like you can’t build half a building. So it’s just – it is now we are in a position to – as we laid out at the investor meeting, we are focusing on the things we have control. We are – our focus is now on improvement of margins, improvement of ROIC and improve our capital intensive. That’s what we’re going to do. And this – again, the economic upturn or downturn, forget about that for a second. Let’s focus on the things we can control. And that’s why this tremendous cost focus and the structural costs that we are talking about, that’s going to get us to these targets.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you very much. And in closing, let me just say, it goes without saying, it was a challenging quarter. This is a real critical moment in time for FedEx to execute and I’m very confident that we will. The actions we are taking are key components on the path to achieve our long-term targets and make FedEx stronger for a better tomorrow. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in FedEx.
