Alan Graf: Thank you very much, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter operating results declined due to a number of factors, including weak global economic conditions, including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, higher self-insurance accruals, an unfavorable variable compensation comparison, increased FedEx Ground costs from expanded service offerings, the loss of the Amazon business, a continuing mix shift to lower-yielding services and a more competitive pricing environment. Prior to the outbreak of the coronavirus, commercial volumes and revenues were somewhat underperforming our December expectations. The coronavirus pandemic magnified the global economic weakness. A reversal of our corporate annual incentive compensation accrual in the third quarter of last year drove a negative year-over-year comparison of approximately $115 million. The variable compensation comparisons is expected to be a modest benefit in the fourth quarter. Higher self-insurance accruals negatively impact Ground margins by approximately 180 basis points. The combination of headwinds of the expansion to six and seven-day delivery and the loss of the Amazon volume negatively impact Ground margins by approximately 190 basis points. These factors were partially offset by residential delivery volume growth at FedEx Ground, an approximately $100 million benefit from additional operating week day, an 11% increase in revenue per hundredweight at FedEx Freight which helped drive their best third quarter operating income ever, the shifting of Cyber Week into December and the benefits of cost containment activities, which has lowered our year-to-date FedEx Services expenses allocated to our transportation segments through intercompany charges. Our third quarter effective tax rate increased to 25% versus 20.6% last year, primarily because last year's net income included a tax benefit in the recognition of certain loss carry-forwards, which was partially offset by tax expense attributable to the enactment of a lower tax rate in the Netherlands. We are suspending our fiscal 2020 earnings forecast for our consolidated and segment results due to the great uncertainty caused by the coronavirus pandemic. While we cannot currently predict how long the economic impact of the pandemic will last, we do remain confident in our long-term strategy and our ability to adjust to market conditions. We will continue to manage network capacity at FedEx Express by reducing international flight hours in the fourth quarter if global economic conditions deteriorate further. However, if global air freight demand increases as the world recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic, we have the ability to flex our network to meet the needs of customers. We expect continued revenue growth at FedEx Ground during the fourth quarter. However, we expect higher operating costs and the expansion to year-round seven-day residential delivery and weak economic conditions will negatively impact FedEx Ground results in the fourth quarter. To further mitigate near-term headwinds and position us for future earnings growth, we are attacking costs throughout the enterprise including continuing to retire our oldest and least efficient aircraft, integrating TNT and lowering our residential delivery cost by having FedEx Ground deliver FedEx SmartPost in certain FedEx Express packages. In addition to these cost actions, our FY '21 performance should also benefit from the lapping of the loss of the Amazon business, lapping the cost of FedEx Ground seven-day delivery expansion, one additional operating weekday, increased synergies from the TNT integration, profitable market share gains and a rebound in demand for our services, as the coronavirus pandemic subsides. We expect to finish FY '20 with capital spending of approximately $5.9 billion. Given the uncertainty and business conditions, we are reviewing in great detail our planned spending for FY '21. Our capital intensity is expected to decline after FY '22 as committed aircraft deliveries are substantially lower in FY '23 and beyond. To finish my remarks, I want to congratulate Mike Lenz for being named my successor. Mike has been an invaluable part of the FedEx finance organization with his leadership of our treasury, investor relations and strategic finance teams. He is uniquely qualified to guide our Company to improve financial success. Now to the outlook. Although we have been performing well in March up to today, as Raj discussed, there is so much uncertainty that we cannot give guidance nor comment on any question related to near-term financial performance. And now the operator can begin the question-and-answer session.
Alan Graf: I think, as you probably heard from a lot of people out there, Ken, if it's a V-shape it's one thing, if it's a U-shape, it's something else completely. We are really managing this business almost on a day-to-day basis. We certainly think we know what's going to happen in the next week. But I have to tell you every 24 hours something new happens. Europe had been doing well. Now it seems that Europe and UK are starting to shut down a little bit more and the demand is probably going to be less than I would have told you it was three days ago. We can't tell you about Asia is the same thing, is this a bubble or is this going to continue. I do know that we have great plans in shape from the cost side to go either way and that's the best we can tell you right now because it is just so uncertain out there.
Alan Graf: Well, I do want to emphasize, Brian, that and also to the last question, as we continue to grow Ground and grow its densities, we are lowering those costs at a rapid clip and that is a big part of what's going to I think benefit Ground greatly as we look at - look going forward. That's not a Q4 comment. That's just where we need to be strategically. The same thing with the amount of flat hours that we've taken out right now as we continue to right-size the intercontinental air network at Express. Those two are the big giant buckets. But everywhere else with technology and productivity, we - if we can - as we continue to grow, we think that we will be taking out a lot of additional costs just from efficiencies. We've frozen and reduced our overhead. I have a number of scenarios, good and not so good, where we will know what steps to take as we go through this. And as I've said, this is a day-to-day and week-to-week look right now and we're managing as we go. And I'm confident that we'll be successful in doing that short of some really bad outcome that I don't know that anybody is projecting at this point.
Alan Graf: There are, Tom, thank you for those kind remarks. I appreciate it. Mike is going to be - doing a great job. You all are in good hands with him. A couple of things. Express is going to grow and it's going to be delivering items that require aviation and are going long distance that are time-sensitive. So, we will manage that at the same time, we're managing the flow of the slower moving pieces that have been in Express to Ground because they can make the delivery time. That's just a normal evolution that we couldn't do a couple of years ago because we didn't have the technology to do it. Now we have the technology to do it. And as Raj says, we're about halfway through that. And as we continue to ramp up our technology investments, we've got other things on the horizon as well. So there is a complete program of how we're transforming the operating networks of FedEx Corporation to what we think the future market is going to be, which is a lot more e-commerce, hopefully we'll have international growth again and that's where we're moving to.
Alan Graf: No. I expect the headwinds to diminish. There's a lot of things that we piled upon Ground from a strategic standpoint. We are going to wait later till Sunday. We said, no, let's get it going. We took the Amazon traffic out for strict strategic reasons, as you understand. On our PLPD, it's been very frustrating. We're working every day to improve our safety in every one of our companies. At Ground, in particular, we are rapidly expanding our use of cameras and video recorders, and where we do that we see the severity and the frequency of accidents decline significantly. But we have a backlog of old claims that has continued to harness a bit, and we had to take another significant charge in Q3. Hopefully that's behind us. We're learning how to manage this much better in today's litigious society. And I think we will improve both the severity and the frequency and how we handle these things. And I hope that we can put that behind us as well. I'm very excited about what I know is going to be our cost structure at Ground, particularly in the next 12 to 18 months. And we have to get to the low-cost producer, and we are committed to do so.
Alan Graf: Yes. A little more than one. So let me hit the big one. I mean, obviously we've got all kinds of scenario planning for cash flow, right. I mean, you've got to have liquidity. That's what everybody is looking for. We're part of the A4A group that submitted our request, via them to the government about some liquidity support. We have a doomsday scenario where we can definitely cut as much CapEx out of '21 as we need to. I don't think we're going to hit that. I think our cash flows are going to be strong, but I can't tell you that until we get through the coronavirus. And nobody knows when that's going to be. So we are managing the heck out of it right now. We have a - we just increased our revolver. We have many, many, many unencumbered beautiful new aircraft that we could use if we needed to for liquidity. So, I think as compared to my friends in the passenger business, we are in really good shape in that regard. As to fuel, if it stays down here, it should have somewhat of a benefit. But the fuel surcharge is just one of the surcharges that we use in managing our business. So we'll just see how that goes. We had committed to you I think 6% to 8% of flat out reduction in Q4. I would say, today, we're not there because we're flying more in Asia than we had expected to, but we're pretty close to that range.
Alan Graf: I've been through a few of these in my four year career at FedEx and I think we've always rebounded very well from and always managed them very well. Obviously, you're talking about like one of our scenarios, it's way down on the realm of likelihood and possibility as of today, but we still have to have it. So it's all the normal levers that you would imagine it would be. But, as probably from my point of view, a company that's best positioned to continue to keep global supply chains up as we fight this virus and then rebound from it, I think we're in great shape in that regard. So it just depends on how long it lasts and how much demand there is. But there is going to be demand. People are going to be needing medical supplies; people are going to be needing to eat; people that can run businesses are going to run businesses, and they're going to rely on us to help them with their supply chains, and we're confident in that.
Alan Graf: Well, I've talked about the cost part, and I'll turn it over to Brie to talk about the dilution part. Every time we have a match or a near match of the SmartPost package in our Ground network, our costs are significantly below the postage for SmartPost. So it's just math. And the more of those we get out there, the more productive then our independent service providers can be with everything else that they're delivering. So it has a wonderful effect on the productivity and the cost per package across the entire network. And it's working extremely well. I'll let Brie talk about the marketing part.
Alan Graf: Well, I don't know how to tell any better than I have so far, Chris. I can't really give it to you about Q4. I can tell you that, as I said, we got out there with Saturday and Sunday because we made the strategic move to get out there and do it. I think that will pay off in a big way and we start to lap that next fiscal year. We are halfway through of our technology implementations on our route optimizations and our scheduling. We're growing the densities as we grow the business. Every one of those things is driving down cost per package. We did get out with some of the Tier 1 closed zone pricing anticipating that we would over time get our cost down there so those would be more profitable. And so, yes, that's part of it as part of the strategy. But as the way I said it before, I mean, I know where the costs are heading. I know what we're doing to get closer to customers on both sides of the equation where the traffic has an origin or where it has a destination. We're doing a great job with that. We talked about the regional sort facilities that we're putting up. So there are so many things under way and more to come, as, again, we're completely transforming Ground. We're not having the yields overall on a total standpoint because we don't have the B2B traffic we thought we would have. But we're managing through that and we'll get back on pace on that as well.
Raj Subramaniam: Ken, this is Raj. I think if you think - the last couple of weeks, we have seen, as I said earlier, an increased demand from Asia. We've seen strong demand for FedEx Ground here in the US and especially home delivery and even the commercial volumes have been quite stable. And we - what we do not know now is how this pandemic evolves and what happens to demand. For instance, we do not know how Europe demand is going to come through here as a lot of their manufacturing is starting to shut down there. So there are so many unknowns at this point. And as Alan said, the first two weeks of March have been good. But there is no way for us to project forward what the next a few weeks hold for us.
Raj Subramaniam: David, I think we are continuing the process of moving SmartPost into FedEx Ground as we have previously discussed and this was a purely an economic decision. That's all it was. And the reason we're doing it is with a few reasons. One is of course density. Matching stops and adjacency drives significant stop efficiencies for us. And then second is our enhanced technology. With our Dynamic Route Optimization, it maximizes productivity opportunities in route planning. So we've put that together and we are continuing at pace and we are roughly halfway there and we'll continue to keep moving forward for the rest of the calendar year. In terms of the product, I'll have Brie answer that question.
Raj Subramaniam: Tom, this is Raj. So yes, we have started this process in March, as I said before, and the rollout is fully under way. We will be in the rest of the country by in the next 12 months and I already talked about the markets that will be in April. So it's a fast-moving program and it's - as we - as the market grown for B2C there's an opportunity to rationalize the last mile optimization, specifically on the residential side. At this point we're not going to be able to tell you the quantification of the benefits and there is a lot more to come here. And for good reason, I don't want to also talk about what comes next in this regard.
Raj Subramaniam: And if I can add to that, Jordan, is that the customer demand is very strong. As the value proposition that Brie talked about earlier, we are now the market leading player in e-commerce in the United States, and the demand we are seeing from small, medium and large is very good. And now we have a very, very diversified customer base and we can leverage off of that.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, that's the value of our FedEx network. And we are able to flex up or down as needed. In this particular case, as we talked about the flight hours earlier, our planned flight schedule is to be down 7.5%. However, we are tactically deploying excess sections as we see the opportunity to move like additional profitable business in this capacity constrained environment. So, that's again, we are a key player in connecting the global commerce, and this fact becomes ever more evident in this current circumstances, especially out of China right now.
Raj Subramaniam: And just one thing to add, Alan. The good news here is the customers are, they are taking into service, and we are taking share, especially in the e-commerce space. And I think when you put the two factors together, it results in a positive outcome for Ground.
Raj Subramaniam: I'm not sure how best to answer the question other than to kind of go through what we just went through. The demand we are seeing out of Asia right now is quite robust. And if you look for - the intra-Asia load factor is at a record, which is also very interesting - Asia to Europe and Asia to US. And the manufacturing capacity is coming back online, and the capacity of airfreight is down. So net-net, we are seeing the demand, and we should see that go forward. As far as Europe is concerned, very, very early to tell. We're dealing with information that's literally 24 hours old. And trying to project that out is impossible. One thing that I know though is that 60% of the transatlantic traffic went on belly capacity. And as that capacity comes down, the capacity is going to be severely constrained. That much I can tell you. As far as the demand, we have to wait and see, and it's too early for me to say anything about that right now.
Raj Subramaniam: So, nearly half of the SmartPost volume currently is delivered by ground service provider business and we expect to be virtually complete by the end of calendar year 2020 and with some of the exceptions that Brie talked about earlier. As to the contractual relationship with our independent service providers, these are great partners. They run very efficient businesses. They love the additional volume that they're getting. We work with them on a continuous basis to make sure that we're giving them everything they can. We're helping them with their scheduling, helping them build their density so they can make their business more profitable. So it's a great relationship.
Brie Carere: Yes, it's a great question. We continue to believe that we need two distinct products. We will have our home delivery product as well as what is currently the SmartPost product. It will be rebranded in the future. We will give sub-pound volume to the post office as that makes sense. But we believe we need two separate products because the slower economy product we will flex that transit as required and we will also flex that transit for peak. We really do you think there are two distinct markets that we can grow into with this portfolio.
Brie Carere: Sure. As I mentioned before, there is a couple of different nuances from a features or service perspective, but they are important. The first from a home delivery perspective, it is a guaranteed product. The SmartPost product is not a guaranteed product. So if you need that peace of mind you're going to pay for it. And we continue - as I mentioned earlier, we have studied this with a lot of rigor and a lot of in-depth analysis our two distinct markets there. In addition to that, we have a variety of different features of service on the Home Delivery product. There are different features of service from a consumer perspective. We call them consumer delivery options that are available on the Home Delivery product. They're not available on the economy product. And as I mentioned earlier, we do believe that a portion of the product, the sub-pound, will continue to be delivered by the post office. We've studied this. We think this is the right portfolio, and we're very confident in that decision.
Brie Carere: Yes, it's a great question. Let me talk about our B2B base because it does vary around the world. Here in the United States, as Raj mentioned, from a commercial business, we see that currently to date, it is quite stable. From an Asia perspective, we're actually quite optimistic. From a stock replenishment perspective, we have seen throughout the month of March really day-over-day, week-over-week improvements from a volume, and the vast majority of what we have coming out of Asia, the vast majority actually is commercial traffic. What we talked about this morning actually when we looked at the Chinese recovery, what we have seen is 90% to 95% of large manufacturers in China are now back to work in some capacity. Closer to 65% to 70% of small businesses in Mainland China are coming back to work from a manufacturing perspective. So we believe output is in around 65% to 75% and we are seeing that rebound. So from an Asia perspective, we feel really good, large customer leading, small customer coming back from a China perspective. Europe, right now we can't predict because it has had the most change, I would say in the last 24 to 48 hours. You've all seen the media. We do anticipate by the end of the week to be incremental manufacturing closures in Europe. So we are anticipating more softness there in Europe, but the US is strong and Asia is in really good shape as we speak today.
