Alan Graf: Well, thank you very much, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. I am very proud of our first quarter performance. Adjusted operating margin improved 240 basis points year-over-year to 8.5% as FedEx Express adjusted operating income more than doubled and adjusted margin improved 390 basis points.  FedEx Ground operating income increased 30% despite a significant mix shift to residential delivery. And FedEx Freight operating income increased 41% despite a 9% decline in average daily shipments.  All totaled, our first quarter adjusted operating income increased 56% year-over-year primarily due to international priority volume growth of 31%, a surge in demand for U.S. residential delivery, yield improvement at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, a $130 million benefit from an additional operating day, a $65 million benefit from a reduction in aviation excise taxes provided by the Cares Act and a better alignment of our expenses, especially at FedEx Freight.  These factors were partially offset by higher cost driven by the package volume surge and expanded service offerings at FedEx Ground, increased variable compensation expense, and an approximate $100 million in COVID-19 related cost to ensure the safety of team members and customers.  Variable compensation expense increased $195 million year-over-year with approximately half of the increase due to a reversal of long-term incentive plan accruals in the prior year period. Our effective tax rate was 22.5% for the first quarter compared to 25.2% in the prior year period. This year’s tax rate was favorably impacted by changes in our corporate, legal entity structure and increased earnings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.  We ended the quarter with $7 billion in cash and cash equivalents and with $3.5 billion available under our credit facilities. Last month, we issued $970 million of pass-through certificates with a fixed interest rate of less than 2%.  The certificates are secured by 19 Boeing 767 and 777 aircrafts. This transaction provides us additional liquidity flexibility as we move forward and affirms the availability of financing in the cargo aircraft market despite the uncertainties and unprecedented disruption in commercial aviation.  Looking forward, we are not providing a forecast of expected earnings per share for fiscal 2021. While business demand improved in the first quarter, continued uncertainties cloud our ability to forecast full year earnings. However, based on the current trends in our business, we anticipate increased demand to result in higher revenue and operating income at FedEx Ground and FedEx Express for the remainder of fiscal 2021.  In addition, yield management and improved productivity is anticipated to contribute to revenue and operating income growth at FedEx Freight in FY 2021. If our current trends continue, we expect certain expenses, including higher variable incentive compensation accruals and increased supplies and other cost related to the COVID-19 pandemic to remain headwinds in fiscal 2021.  We incurred $49 million in TNT integration expenses in the first quarter, down from $71 million last year. We expect to incur approximately $175 million of TNT integration expenses this fiscal year. The aggregate TNT integration expense is still expected to be approximately $1.7 billion through the completion of our physical network integration in FY 2022.  Our FY 2021 capital expenditure forecast has increased slightly to $5.1 billion driven by additional capacity initiatives to support increased volume levels. The new forecast is $800 million lower than last year’s capital spending.  I’ll conclude by reemphasizing that we expect to continue to benefit from our strong position in the U.S. and international package and freight markets, yield improvement opportunities and cost management initiatives.  Now the operator can begin the Q&A session. 
Alan Graf: Tom, thanks for your kind comments and I appreciate them. I will say this, knowing that I was going to get a couple of forecast questions, I did worked really hard this time to give you two howevers and reemphasize in my opening remarks. And I would think if you would go back to those, that’s about as good as you are going to get from me today.  Mike Lenz is probably going to be in the same boat in December as I am today with all these uncertainties. It’s just really too difficult to say, but I did say, if current trends continue that we’d improve our operating incomes at all three of the major opcos in 2021. 
Alan Graf: Well, fortunately for me, I had planned years in advance to have one extra operating day this quarter when I knew I was leaving. But other than that nothing. 
Alan Graf: Allison, I think we’ve done a really good job with SG&A. Obviously, one of the headwinds is a good one is that we are able to pay additional incentive compensation to our teammates for the great job those are doing versus what we’ve been able to do in the past. I think our SG&A is structured such that, we can grow very rapidly with very little addition to our SG&A going forward. We are becoming much more productive.  I even have [bought some] [ph] of the accounting department. I am very excited about where we stand in that regard. We’ll continue to work very hard on productivity and density and stops per hour. Our new airplanes providing us greater reliability and lower cost, almost any way that you can measure it and those will continue.  So, I think that that we’re rigged for not only great pricing and revenue performance but also cost performance going forward. 
Alan Graf: I would say that the history is probably not as good a predictor of this year as it otherwise has been. You are right about normally, our summer is our weaker and our fourth quarter is our stronger. But the acceleration of the traffic that we may be able to handle this quarter was so much bigger than a year ago as to be almost unbelievable. We are in COVID hit. Obviously we took some hits. So it’s going to be spotty and I’ll stand on my two howevers in my reemphasizes as the rest of my forecast. 
Alan Graf: Appreciate the question. We are first and foremost going to repair our balance sheet. We’ve borrowed a significant amount of money in anticipation of liquidity needs that fortunately we did not have to have. But I can tell you back in March, when we were sitting around in table here, we had no idea of what to expect. And so, we got prepared the best as we could.  I think you could see from my comments, we have over $10 billion of liquidity today. Obviously, we expect to have improved free cash flow. And so, while we are repairing the balance sheet, but we haven’t forgot about return to shareholders. Recall that over a number of years, we bought a significant amount of shares at a price of about $153, which looks pretty good today than it looked so good in March.  And obviously, we have a frozen dividend right now because of our agreement with our banks. So, we will be looking at all of those, the first and foremost is our balance sheet repair. 
Alan Graf: Well, I’ll answer the second, no, we haven’t, because it’s all part of one giant orchestra and one conductor and all the pieces flow together. 
Alan Graf: Well, thanks, Fred. In the fall of 1991, Fred took a chance on a 38 year old treasurer despite a significant amount of pressure to bring in a proven, seasoned CFO. When he told me he wanted me for the job, he said he had a tremendous amount of confidence in me and challenged me always think long-term and strategically.  Among other things, Fred was very clear that I should always communicate what I thought no matter how against the grain it might be. That was great advice and has been the basis for our partnership ever since. As I finished my last of around 120 earnings calls, I want to give you a few thoughts in mind about where we are and how optimistic I am about the future of FedEx.  Believe it or not, I have always looked forward to these calls no matter if the news was good or bad. I have thoroughly enjoyed preparing for the very excellent well thought out strategic questions I expect to be asked. While I often do not get these insightful and penetrating questions, I did enjoy the occasional bantering.  I always endeavored to answer questions from a strategic viewpoint hoping to impart a deep transparent description to help you see what I see. Over the years, any accomplishments attributed to me truly belong to an unbelievably dedicated and talented team and I am referring not just to an incredible world-class finance organization, but to all of my 500,000 teammates with whom it has been an honor to serve.  I am extremely optimistic about the future of FedEx. Over the years, we have invested in building unmatched physical and technological networks that are keeping the world’s supply chains moving with very high levels of reliability. Although our capital investments have sometimes have been questioned, the past quarter provides a strong indication that these are providing increasing returns and I am certain that that will be the case moving forward.  By the end of FY 2019, we made a strategic decision to go all in on ecommerce. We moved away from a large customer to focus on the broader market. We moved to seven day a week Ground operations allowing us to handle significant additional volumes using existing capacity. We moved SmartPost packages into the Ground network and repurposed SmartPost facilities to handle higher yielding home delivery packages.  We added advanced route optimization technology, maximizing route efficiencies and increasing stops per hour. We serve every address in the U.S. and 92% of the U.S. population lives within five miles of the FedEx pickup or drop-off location. We are modernizing our air fleet in major hubs, lower cost and handle additional volume.  We are transforming our international business and the benefits of the TNT acquisition are beginning to accelerate. We have the right strategy in place and our team is executing at a high level. We are a high energy organization and are always on the offense.  And now, I am excited to hand the CFO manual to Mike Lenz. Mike’s performance during his tenure at FedEx has been outstanding and he has the full confidence of Fred, the Board of Directors and the strategic management committee. He will be superb and I look forward to watching him.  It has been a great ride and I will be forever grateful for my time at FedEx. To my teammates, thank you for everything. I will miss you and I enjoy – we’ll enjoy your future success. And my wife Susan, my daughters Bridget and Carey and our families, your love and support and patience have been my cornerstone.  I wish everyone good luck and good health. Thank you and farewell. 
Brie Carere: Really not much to add. The only thing I want to say is Henry and I are lock step. We are trying to thread that needle of improving quality but also again a reminder, we keep talking about Sunday as a delivery advantage from a customer perspective.  It’s also an incredible advantage from a capacity perspective and we are strategically leveraging that partnering with customers who can pull volume forward into the weekend. And I really don’t think that that has been factored in previously and customers understand this and it’s a huge strategic advantage going into this peak and several peaks in advance. 
Brie Carere: Sure. I’ve also got a question about Walmart new subscription service, Walmart Plus. So, I can’t talk a lot about the relationship. Obviously, it’s one we value very much. It’s strategic. It’s long-term and we are committed to growing with them. We have a very healthy partnership there. We are very excited about it.  There is also some questions here about same day. I want to highlight as we think about the market growing, the market is essentially going to double in size by 2026. So, when I give those numbers, I think that’s the other that’s been lost as the market is going to double by 2026.  Same day from an ecommerce perspective remains a very tiny percentage of the market. So we continue to be focused on the remainder of the market but we are very excited about our partnership with Walmart. 
Brie Carere: So, I think everybody is aware, from a domestic perspective, we put in our surcharges on June 8th. That was in the $0.30 and the $0.40 for SmartPost. The $0.30 being for the residential surcharges. We have announced that we had to increase those surcharges as we head into peak. The oversize portfolio will increase in early October and then we will increase our holiday surcharges from November through to January 17th.  So surcharges are certainly an important part of our revenue quality. But I would say that they are one piece of that. We have actively had conversations with our top-25 and now moving to our top-100 customers. And we’ve got a multi-tiered strategy here. As I talked about earlier, we are rewarding customers that can pull volume forward.  We are rewarding customers that can integrate their supply chain that are open to longer term contracts. And of course, from a capacity perspective, we are no longer just taking inbound forecast. We are working with customers and we are having kind of a balanced conversation between base yields, surcharges and capacity management.  So it’s a multi-tiered strategy. Most importantly, we are planning for the long-term. We want strategic relationships. We want to partner with customers that are going to win in the market and we think we are doing a really good job of that. My hats off to the sales team because they have just done an excellent job with this. 
Brie Carere: Let me take the international yield question. So I think most important to understand is that if you look at the yield, half of the impact for both Domestic, Express, as well as International Express with fuel, when you strip out the fuel impact, there was pressure from a weight per package perspective and the growth of ecommerce led by growth when we’re very excited about this growth.  Europe outbound from an ecommerce perspective. That being said, we are doing a really good job partnering with Don and his team on density and the yields per pound is up significantly. So you can’t just look at international Express yields quite frankly just at the shipment level.  You’ve got to look at yield per pound and overall from a network perspective total Express yield per pound is up 11% year-over-year. So we feel really good about the overall performance from a yield perspective with those things taking into consideration. 
Henry Maier: Scott, this is Henry Maier. We’ve been operating at peak since March. So the stepping off point for peak this year is frankly not as much as it’s been in years past. It’s important to point out here some of the things that have already been said, we are operating a seven day network, every day of the week year round.  We will have SmartPost fully integrated into the Ground network by peak, which allows us to repurpose 28 former SmartPost facilities for large and small package operations and ground sortation and I might add that’s pretty cheap capacity to get. We are running much higher yielding packages through than we have in the past.  And as Fred pointed out, better asset utilization, lower fixed cost across the whole network. In addition, you saw the announcement on 70,000 new hires for peak. That’s on top of a historic number of employees at FedEx Ground right now. Our service providers have stepped up and hired tens of thousands of new drivers since all of this began back in March.  We are adding six regional sort facilities, four new automated stations. We have about 50 projects underway which include expansion of additional automated sortation capabilities and material handling and then all the other things that we typically do at peak in terms of being able to squeeze additional capacity out of the network for a fairly short period of time.  So, we are highly confident that we are going to have a great peak this year. It’s going to be busy, but nevertheless, I would say that the Ground team is ready. 
Henry Maier: Yes, Allison, let me just say couple things to add on to Raj’s comments. The first quarter of fiscal 2021 was FedEx Ground’s highest quarterly revenue and operating income quarter in history. In spite of that, those results flow from a number of steps we took several years ago to transform FedEx Ground and position FedEx to prosper in a market increasingly dominated by ecommerce. I’ve spoken of the integration of the Ground and SmartPost networks. I’ve spoke of the expansion of seven day.  You can’t do any of this without the introduction and use of world-class technologies. We are about a week away from having quickly rolled out our advanced route optimization software to all the drivers. I should point out to you that this was developed using safe agile methods and it was rolled out across our networks in the middle of a hundred year pandemic in 13 months. That’s pretty damn good if you ask me.  Not only does this enable our service providers to better plan routes, fleet type, number of trucks, types of trucks, volume on trucks on a dynamic daily basis, but it’s already improved significantly final mile efficiency specifically increasing stats per hour in the network in spite of everything we have already talked about in Q1.  The integration of SmartPost line in the networks improved density both on a square mile basis and on a delivery basis driving the average cost of our stops found. So, I think we are – I think where we sit today, our best days are ahead of us. And we still have a lot of work to do here. 
Henry Maier: Yes, I think the only thing I would add here is, even at the operations level, we have conversations almost daily with all of our top customers. Once again, this is not a new advantage peak, but this has been going since all of this began back in March. When you are operating a seven day network, let me back up and say, we are in a new normal here and there is a new normal for FedEx.  But there is also a new normal for all of our customers. And when you are operating a seven day network, we have untapped capacity existing within that network if customers want to take advantage of that untapped capacity. For example, we have ample delivery capacity on Saturday, Sunday and Monday. We have ample pickup capacity on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  If everybody wants to ship on Monday, then we are going to have to have conversations with people about how we modify that demand to fit the available capacity we have on one day a week. If customer is flexible, I think we can accommodate most of what people wish to ship this year at peak. 
Henry Maier: Well, David, I’ve been in this business for forty years. I’ve never seen a more difficult operating environment from the one we are in. We are dealing with a 100 year pandemic, absenteeism as a result in certain facilities. Wildfires, hurricanes, social unrest unlike anything I’ve seen since the 60s. And I live through the 60s, so I remember it.  All of that places some pretty difficult challenges on an operation when you are trying to run a national network. This is highly engineered and it’s precise as the ones we operate. FedEx Ground people have worked tirelessly through all of this. And I have eternal confidence that we’ll continue to provide world-class transit service going forward for our customers.  On the issue of CapEx, I would say to you that we have been very diligent in the past about this. I made a comment about the SmartPost. We got 28 SmartPost facilities we are repurposing for Ground. That’s pretty cheap capital when you consider the fact that we can devote those buildings for Ground growth and they are essentially already included in the network footprint.  Notwithstanding any of that, we are going to have to invest in the ground network going forward for growth as – and Brie gave you the specifics on ecommerce between now and 2026. We can squeeze more capacity out of this existing network, but we are not going to be able to maintain these growth rates once we invest in and I can assure you that that work is something that is ongoing in almost daily at FedEx Ground. Thanks. 
Raj Subramaniam: Firstly, the most important thing about the network that we have provided with the ground is the better value proposition in the marketplace that we provide our customers. And I think that’s translating into more business and more profitable business.  And the things that we have put in place not yesterday, but over a period of the last year or two is now, as Fred pointed out is paying off in many ways. So, the target is of course to continue to both improve revenue and margins to go forward and we believe we have the structure to do just that. I don’t know, Henry, do you want to add anymore to that. 
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me start and then let Brie and Henry can add. I think this is going to be a peak like none other. But we believe that we have now the capabilities and the flexibility to do a lot. I think the number one thing that the customers now looking for is capacity and we are working strategically with them to make sure that we can deliver that, again having operations seven days a week helps a lot here too and the technology that we have.  So, we clean the flexibility that we have in our infrastructure that we put together with the technology that we have and the customer solutions that put together, we think and that we are going to manage so to speak quite well. And we turn to Brie for her comments. 
Raj Subramaniam: So, as we talked about earlier, Helane, yes, we recognize moving vaccines across the global network is very critical work and we believe that we have the network, the technology, the solutions to do just that. We have engaged with several of our customers who are in this vaccine production mode.  And we are planning appropriately for it and again, the timing is TBD at this point. But the capabilities that we have in around the world including the physical network, the storage solutions, as well as the SenseAware ID that we just launched and enhanced visibility platforms and the ability to intervene as needed is unique and I think we are well situated to handle this vaccines. Let me turn it over to Don for, because a lot of those are going to travel on the Express network. 
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I’ll address the purchase trans question. Purchased transportation is driven by volume. I mean, all of our transportation is purchased with FedEx Ground. We don’t have company-owned equipment. We don’t have employee drivers. So, as the volume goes up, purchased transportation costs are going to go up. I think that something that maybe somewhat obscuring some of the numbers in there is the transit numbers of SmartPost Ground, because packages that formerly were treated as postage, because we paid the post office to deliver are now part of Ground settlement. That work will be done by the end of October with new exceptions.  The Ground network is highly variable and highly flexible. We can scale up. We can scale down based on the volume. We contract with 5300 small businesses with employee something north of 130,000 employees. They see the changes in the volume at the micro level much faster than any of us could see it operating out of a corporate headquarter structure and they react almost instantaneously to any changes in volume, both up and down. So, this is not something that we haven’t been through before. I mean, we’ve been through up cycles and down cycles. Sometimes it takes us a little bit longer to ramp up if we don’t see it come in like this particular COVID-19 event. But I’ll assure you that we can take the cost out of this network really quick if we have to. 
Raj Subramaniam: And on the first one, let me just make sure, as the B2C the residential volume continues to grow, they are definite and allows us the opportunity to optimize between networks. So, the residential and rural packages we are able to move from one network to the other as – and optimize it as a service. So, we will see where it goes. And as I told you we have launched it in a few markets. And we will monitor as we go forward here. 
