Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. As expected, the fourth quarter operating environment remained pressured with year-over-year volume declines in sequential moderation in yields across all transportation segments. We remain focused on revenue quality and creating meaningful differentiation while managing through these dynamics. Let's take each segment in turn now. At FedEx Ground fourth quarter revenue was down 2% year-over-year, driven by a 6% decline in volume, partially offset by a 5% increase in yield due to surcharges and product mix. We once again delivered strong service levels and best-in-class market transits. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 13% year-over-year. Parcel volume declines were most pronounced in the United States. And in addition, U.S. freight pounds were down over 25% due to a change in strategy from a very large customer. International export volumes were about 4% lower year-over-year. At FedEx Freight revenue was down 18%, driven by an 18% decline in volumes with revenue per shipment flat. This decline was driven primarily the slowdown in the market and high inventory levels. Although the pricing environment is moderating, our pricing discipline remains strong. Let's move now to slide 11. As expected, yield was pressured as year-over-year fuel surcharge comparisons normalized. Customer demand rebalanced between priority and economy services with capacity availability. This is most notable on the Asian markets. In response, we remain focused on revenue quality, while managing our mix. At Ground and U.S. Domestic Express, yield improved year-over-year, but at a moderating rate versus the previous three quarters. And as I mentioned a moment ago, freight at yield -- freight yield was flat. Turning now to slide 12. Our efforts to make the network the most flexible, efficient, and intelligent network in the world are taking hold. We are delivering better service and outcomes for our customers, creating deep relationships and, of course, incremental revenue for FedEx. These efforts are supported by a fantastic portfolio of services. Raj spoke earlier about the benefits we and our customers are seeing from the expanded rollout of picture proof of delivery and continued enhancements to the estimated time delivery window. Later this year, we plan to narrow our four hour delivery window in many locations and provide new enhanced mapping capabilities to help customers track their package movements. Return is also an area where we're underpenetrated, and so we're focusing on growth. Returns move through our network similarly to B2B shipments and are highly efficient in our network. In the fourth quarter, we introduced our new returns program, FedEx consolidated returns, which is available at FedEx office location. For merchants, it's a low cost e-commerce solution for lightweight apparel returns with end-to-end visibility. And for shoppers, it's a convenient, no label, no box drop off experience using a QR code. We have received excellent feedback and look forward to continuing to scale this solution very quickly. Finally, last month, we launched FedEx Sustainability Insights, a cloud-based tool that enables customers to view estimated carbon emissions for both individual tracking numbers and all their FedEx accounts. This platform marks the foundation of a new suite of tools for our customers. It enables customers to transfer their carbon data to their own internal systems via an API. The insights are also available online for our small customers. Leveraging the vast shipment data that we have and using our AI machine learning capabilities, we are able to provide information to our customers in a meaningful and actionable manner. I am very excited about these portfolio expansions and firmly believe that a supply chain powered by FedEx is a competitive advantage for our customers. I'm proud of the team for their unwavering commitment to service and for delivering these innovative solutions. Now, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the financials in more detail.
Brie Carere: Okay, I think I got all that Brian. I think you got a couple of questions. Let's start with the last part first, so I think the question was, are we seeing any benefit from the UPS labor negotiation, so the short answer is, in Q4 we did not see any material benefit because of those discussions and we have not planned for any benefit moving into fiscal year ‘24. What I can tell you is that this has opened a lot of doors. We're having a lot of great conversations with legacy UPS customers and we feel really strong -- we feel really good about the sales pipeline because of the strong value proposition we have versus our primary competitor. I think the other question was about the mix and are we seeing any customers make trades within the portfolio where we're seeing that most pronounced and we have plan for it, to Mike's point, it's in our range accounted for is in Asia. Obviously, capacity has come back relative to demand, and we did reopen our IE product in the fourth quarter, that has performed well, and actually I'm really pleased with the performance that I'm seeing from the Asia-Pacific team and their sales pipeline, but that's where we've seen the biggest shift.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. So, Jack, the short answer is yes, that we have planned for the $800 million impact this fiscal year and then as we lap that impact, we will be able to build back from there, so the short answer is yes.
Brie Carere: So, Conor, yes, so the assumption at the midpoint as Raj just mentioned would be 2% revenue growth. And as you think about the build-back from a revenue perspective, it's important to note, I think Mike mentioned earlier, in the U.S. domestic, as we get late into Q1, early Q2, you will see volumes, Domestic, Express, and Ground parcel get to flat and then we do anticipate they will build-back from there. FedEx Freight will lag that slightly because, as Mike talked about the impact leg, and then when we get into our international business, the 800 is really yield impact. We are anticipating to build back some volume in our international business this year and again that will happen throughout the year. So that's, yes, 2% is the midpoint, volumes will start to build back throughout the year.
Brie Carere: Yes, absolutely, it's a fair question. So we planned right now for flattish to single -- low-single revenue growth and that's really basically on the backdrop of the economy that we're experiencing right now. We're all watching the consumer, as Raj talked about, we are still seeing consumer strengths here in the United States, but we are seeing an e-commerce reset. So from a green shoots perspective, one of the things that we're going to be looking at is that e-commerce growth, it's sitting at 7% to 8%, it's important to note our percentage of that is closer to 2% to 3%, because we don't play in grocery and obviously within that 7% to 8% is also, buy online, pickup in-store, so we will be keeping an eye on that consumer strength here in the United States and would love to see, as we head into peak, a little bit of a different shift. We have not seen that yet, but we'll be watching for it. And then the other thing, from an Asia perspective is we're going to watch closely on Asia reopening. We haven't seen significant uptick there, but if that happens to Roger's point, that will absolutely be a tailwind for us. And then, honestly, our own execution in Europe. I'm really pleased with the service that the European team is delivering. We've got some green shoots in the domestic markets in Europe and we're working that really, really hard from an operations and a sales perspective. So there are definitely some green shoots we're working on.
Brie Carere: Yes, the customer we are talking about is the United States Postal Service. Obviously, we've had a long and productive and profitable relationship with the post office, you're correct. Their 10-year strategic plan is to track more volume and fly less, so to Mike's point earlier, we have accounted for that in this year's fiscal range. We are committed to meeting the service obligations in that contract, which does end in September 2024 and so we've accounted for that headwind. At that point, it will become a tailwind as we either renegotiate or we will adjust our network accordingly.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Allison, thank you for your question. Of course, Canada is a unique market and we're taking a different approach there than the market-by-market approach we take in the U.S. The Canadian population is heavily concentrated in a few key geographies and the volume is split roughly 50-50 between Express and Ground. So we made the decision to consolidate everything under Express and is the right time to take these steps, because will begin in April 2024 and complete by September of 2024. And it's very important that you understand that this is unique to Canada, because we are going to take a market-by-market approach in the United States and we’d have a hybrid in the United States between couriers and package handlers. But it's a very important step for us in Canada, it reduces our cost by about $100 million and importantly improves our portfolio and service differentiation. Thanks for the question, Allison.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Brandon, the markets that we have transitioned over are, we're in Alaska, we're working through Hawaii, and certain other markets in Minneapolis, so we have learned a lot in this process from technology, from facilities and people. And the hybrid model is that in some markets, we will have couriers and in some markets, we have a -- we have contractors, so those things will be determined, they will air-driven and they will work-through with our people first -- PPSP philosophy and they will, as I said, because this is going to take a little bit of time as we told you, but glad we're making the progress we're making already. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Tom, firstly, I may say this much, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is the first time in history of FedEx that's in the FedEx Ground where the volumes declined and our operating margin expanded. So clearly this is beyond just flexing for volume and we have -- this is really DRIVE taking effect as well. So this is -- we're just very, very pleased with how John and his team is performing in Ground, and by the way I'll give kudos to the Express team and Richard's team as well, as we have started to see significant improvement in the fourth quarter. To your question about the macro. So when we talked in September, we pointed to three things. We said that the industrial economy was slowing down and because of inflation, interest rates, and slowdown in global trade, we said that the consumer spending was shifting to services versus goods. And then thirdly, there was an e-commerce reset coming out of -- coming out of the pandemic. Well, all those three things happened and they were detrimental to volume for the whole industry, so I mean roughly the same revenue performance on the calendar quarter that is comparable across the sector. If you look ahead here, at this point, the one and two are basically along the same lines we have seen in the last few months. I think on the e-commerce side, we expect to see growth now. I think the reset is probably complete and e-commerce is going to grow into the next calendar -- sorry, the next -- this FY ‘24 timeframe. So, we're watching this very carefully. The visibility, especially in the second-half is very difficult, given the dynamic circumstances we are seeing. We will see how the industrial production goes. We'll see how GDP and trade goes, and we'll follow the inventory stocking and inventory to sales ratio very carefully, and -- but at the end of the day, we are focused on the things we can control. We made a determination that we are going to come out of this stronger than we went in and exactly what we're doing and I'm very, very pleased with the way we are executing DRIVE. So sorry for the long answer, Tom, but I thought I want to give you a full perspective there.
Raj Subramaniam: And Scott, on the one, two, three, I just wanted to keep the math straight-forward here, it's simple one, two, three formula, but the point I wanted to make also is that, as it accelerates beyond that, then the curve becomes non-linear. As you know, we have significant operating leverage. I think you are the one who called it, opening the jaws of the crocodile then that's kind of what's going to happen.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Helane, a couple of questions there. So first, as it relates to the aspects of the pilot tentative agreement there, a component of that is a payment upon implementation. So we've previously accrued for that date of signing payment there. And then within the guidance here, we have the FY '24 scale increases and then within the pension figures I gave earlier, that incorporates the considerations as it relates to that as well. So that's fully incorporated into the outlook there. And as we mentioned earlier, we're expecting to park 29 additional aircraft during the year, nine of which will be permanently retired.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, I mean, David, the short answer is we're projecting margin improvement with the outcomes here that we have highlighted and specific drivers within that.
Raj Subramaniam: And Amit, yes, first of all, let me again thank Mike for just incredible work over the last 18-years and particularly in the last three and we have a fantastic finance team and a great organization. From our succession planning, we are looking at somebody who has deep financial expertise, but also strong operational capabilities, and help lead FedEx through our DRIVE transformation program. So again, thank you for your question.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mike. In closing, I also want to thank our team members for their hard work and dedication as we build the world's smartest logistics network. We made tremendous progress on our transformation efforts in fiscal year '23 and the team is already moving with urgency as we enter fiscal year '24. We know there's significant opportunity ahead and I'm confident in our ability to continue to execute. Thank you very much.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Jordan, this is Mike. So let me break that down to a couple of elements. First, the demand projection we're talking about for the second-half of the year would be relative to what we have been currently experiencing, so that's the degree of uncertainty there in terms of how that flows going to the back half of the year. In the front half of the year, keep in mind that the significant inflection that we saw last year was very late in the first quarter, with that most pronounced at Express. So, we will be lapping that for the first quarter, and in addition, the trail-off in Freight volume accelerate into the mid to upper teens later in the calendar year as well, but largely in the falls when that started, so you got to think about the first quarter considerations there as you put the whole year together and our modeling. But in terms of the outlook overall, we're not projecting any material inflection in the demand environment to get to that point there that you've referenced.
Mike Lenz: All right. Jon, let me take a swing at that here. So look the way we have framed this is that our expectation is for continued, but moderating underlying inflation. So what we illustrated here in this midpoint scenario is positive contribution beyond inflation amidst a muted demand growth scenario. Then obviously on top of that the DRIVE savings are greater than the nonrecurring headwind. So, again, as Brie mentioned, we'll see moderating volume declines as we move through the year here, but at the same time, the degree of yield increases that we saw last year are not going to continue into this year.
Mike Lenz: Hi, Jack, will give you a special pass then. On the low end there, I characterize that's flattish revenue year-over-year. So that would be the low-end of our expectation, but in terms of how we navigate and manage through that, the flexibility that Raj mentioned too that we are incorporating into the network is allowing us to then react to that and adjust and again point to the tremendous progress we've made and the results you've seen at Ground in the last few quarters of material volume declines, get improved margins and profitability, and you saw in the last quarter here Express is mitigating the flow-through from the reduced demand. So we will move with great urgency should it be below our range of expectations.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Chris, this is Mike. The $1.8 billion, it is a sequential build, as we go through, we continue with the discipline and rigor of the DRIVE framework. So, as certain things are implemented during the year, we won't get the full run-rate of that, because there is a continuous flow of initiatives. So it will be least amount of that $1.8 billion will be in the first quarter and build as we go through the year and then that gives us the run-rate momentum then to get to the $4 billion fully by FY '25.
Mike Lenz: And Tom, this is Mike, I want to just amplify one aspect there as well to just highlight, we talked about Ground and the progress of the numbers there, but there has been tremendous progress at Express amidst the headwinds here. So you ask about the guidance broadly, but keep in mind all $800 million of that, international headwind is at Express, as a non-recurring headwind, a significant component of the variable compensation is at Express. And the domestic freight headwind that Brie alluded to earlier, that's about $400 million, right there as a headwind in '24, so despite all of that, through the discipline and rigor of DRIVE, and a muted demand environment, we are projecting up margins at Express in '24. So again, just to reiterate, we're looking at this very thoughtfully and are planning to adapt to any further changes in the environment.
Mike Lenz: That was a lot. Certainly, like I said, we will see margin improvements at Express and at Ground in ‘24. Freight will definitely will see some margin pressure there, so I'm going to leave it at that. The Freight will mitigate, like I said earlier, we will see the largest margin pressure at Freight in Q1 and that will mitigate as we move through the year. Similarly, I would expect the Express margin improvement to improve to a greater degree beyond Q1, as well as we move through the year. So I'll leave it at that. As it relates to Europe, we are absolutely -- as a component of that Express improvement projecting improved profitability in Europe, keep in mind that within the DRIVE domains, we've identified $600 million of value that we will realize from the Europe initiatives there. So we will absolutely see progress on that in ‘24 and going forward.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Scott, so first on the aircraft CapEx, we came in at about $1.7 billion in ‘23, about $1.5 billion for ‘24, slightly lower than that in ‘25 and then as Raj said approximately below that even into ‘26, so that's the aircraft component of it.
Mike Lenz: Scott, look, as Raj mentioned, flight hours were down 12% in the fourth quarter, which is greater than the volume decline, so we've taken significant flying out of the network. We've said that that was anticipated once the supply-demand constraints were eased and so that is the decision to then retire these aircrafts because we continue to reduce the Trans-Pacific and Trans-Atlantic flying to match demand, and we'll continue to lean into that as well as utilizing the flexibility of capacity in the market.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Joe, well, in my remarks I mentioned how one of the drivers of the margin expansion and cost control at Ground was lower linehaul expense. So we moved a lot of high-cost ad hoc external linehaul spend into our scheduled network as we optimize that and lower rates on the plan linehaul purchased transportation, so again, it's all part of the broader optimization of the network holistically, both pickup and delivery, linehaul, as well as the sorting facility operations.
Mike Lenz: Sure and thanks for that, Bruce. But yes, on the LTL side, look, you've seen how fast the team reacted to declining volume environment earlier in the year and we still we're expanding margins that accelerated, so that was more challenging. So, look, we will continue to look to optimize the facilities. It's a holistic perspective, so the 29 facilities, were smaller ones that weren't the most efficient, so as we lean into what could be a demand recovery, that volume could be accommodated within the larger facilities and that just has that much more incremental contribution as and when that comes back.
Mike Lenz: All right. This is Mike. So first, I'll reiterate, as I mentioned earlier, freight margins will be down for the year and that will be most pronounced in Q1. And at Express, as we saw the significant inflection in demand very late in the first quarter of last year. so Express will see this smallest year-over-year margin change in Q1 relative to the rest of the year, so I'll leave it at that and go from there.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Raj, the last 18-years at FedEx has been a tremendous experience and it was my great honor to serve as CFO for the last three years. Who would have known when I was named at this position in March of 2020, what we in the world we're about to face, but this team rose to the occasion again and again through many obstacles and we are now well-positioned for the future. I want to express my gratitude to the entire FedEx team and the finance team, in particular, for their dedication throughout all of the change. To Fred and Raj for their vision and leadership, and most importantly, to my wife, Jane, and our sons for their support along the way. I've also valued the engagement with this audience, ensuring the exciting plans and bright future for FedEx. As I start my next chapter, I leave knowing that FedEx is in a strong position. I couldn't ask for any more than that. Thank you.
