Fred Smith: Well, I don't know much what I could add to the comments that you just heard from Alan and Raj. Basically, the perspective of Wall Street is always give me the money; perspective from inside FedEx is what's the best thing we can do for the long term. Now, there have been some exogenous factors that have happened. First, let me remind you that in June, June 27th of 2016, FedEx was in the middle of the largest state sponsored cyber attack in history, so-called NotPetya account that brought the British health care system almost to a halt, cost hundreds of millions of dollars for Maersk, the big sea container line. I think, I'm right, it cost $1 billion dollars to Merck, great medical company. So, had TNT been a standalone company at that time, it would have been bankrupt. We did [indiscernible] Rob Carter and his people in recovering from that. So, I would say that the slowdown in the TNT situation on the Express side because of NotPetya was substantial as we reported at the time. Second issue, but as Raj told you, we are very optimistic about our intercontinental network and the ability to improve margins in the Express business, because of the integration. On the Ground side, the issue is very straightforward and that is the market changed from more business-to-business to business-to-consumer. So, we could basically have decided not to address that. But as Brie mentioned and Raj both, we decided that we wanted to play in that space and that we were not only playing in it, we were going to be the market leader, and we’ve gained market share in that sector for 18 consecutive years. So, I think we've got a pretty good track record of that. So, we started this fiscal year, very optimistic about our ability to expand margins and to hit on all cylinders. But as I tried to lay out in my remarks, we anticipated a $6 billion revenue increase. We're going to end up with about $4.5 billion. And this is a leverage business and to the extent that the last few percentage of revenue points go to the bottom line at a very disproportionate rate. So, that hopefully answers your question, I mean, we're not unmindful to the issues that you're talking about, but we do think we've got a good runway in the future because we've made those investments.
Fred Smith: Well, you know, part of the problem about reporting quarterly earnings is, you're looking in the rearview mirror. The facts of the matter are that we actually are seeing a few green sprouts now as we go into the spring. Part of that may well be the significant weather issues that Raj and Alan both commented upon. And quite frankly, we're under reported I think because of the government shutdown and the trade issues. This was a very, very tough operational winter and in some cases unprecedented, but again somewhat underreported. So, we are seeing some pickup across the Pacific. Our package business in Europe is now growing again. And so, we're feeling a little better about things. And obviously, the range of the fourth quarter and the fiscal year that Alan gave you is related to our caution, I'm not putting too much of that in the bank. Alan may want to talk more about that.
Fred Smith: Let me just add one other comment here. I'll say perhaps, modestly, there's no organization in the world that knows more about aviation than FedEx, commercial aviation, not one. There's certainly some that are probably peers with us, but we have the finest aviation professionals that operate commercial airplanes. We have a lot of MD-10 airplanes that are 40 years of age. Now, we overhaul them and redid the cockpits and the one thing and another. 11 of those airplanes will be retired in next fiscal year. All of them, the MD-1010s will be gone in FY '21. So, we're not going to slow down on that. It's imprudent to do so and I think there was one suggestion from somebody that we ought to consider that. But that is not a correct decision and our view based on our understanding of the equipment and capabilities. And as Alan has told you on several occasions, these things have great accretive capabilities. They lower our costs and improve our reliability. So, hopefully, we'll get some good news on some of this international traffic and it will go to the bottom line in the same rapid fashion that the top line diminution took it away. So hopefully that's helpful.
Fred Smith: Well, so would we. I don’t know what to say? They the programs we have again are not driven because we are profitable in terms of spending capital. It's the nature of the business. We buy an airplane fleet of 700 planes. We've built the business quite frankly. We've used the airplanes and our largest competitor, when they came into the Air Express business was eight times bigger than we were. We're now roughly at parity with them. So we are in the midst of spending a significant amount of capital to replace our very old airplanes and to expand the Memphis in the Indianapolis hubs. But again, I think as the year turned out the way we had hoped it would at the start of the year and remember it was still in October or November when the Fed was being chastised by the President and others because they were going to raise rates all through calendar year 2019. So you see the Cairns perspective right now so there's no just an act between what Wall Street wants and what FedEx want, it's the matter of whether we would be prudent and stopping doing what we were doing if we think that they will improve our margins and I think I even answer previously to the questions you'd have a big setback with not patch you I think we would be even better results in terms of margins of Express at the moment. And secondarily, the Ground market is moved much move to residential delivery and we've moved with it. That's why we went to six day a week operations beginning January the 1st because that's what our ecommerce folks wanted. So, we believe very strongly that we will improve our margins and our returns, as Alan said a few moments ago, and we will get the benefits of the team.
Fred Smith: Well, let me, let the Chief Operating Officer talk about that because he's closer to it than I am, and I'm responding to you earlier I made those comments based on what he's telling me.
Fred Smith: Let me add. I think there's been well reported in the trades. But prior to January the 1st, there was a significant amount of traffic that was put on the water beginning in late summer and in the fall, based on the deadline of January the 1st for the imposition of new tariffs. Now, the President decided to delay those, but there was a lot of inventory that was moved into the U.S. And you sort of saw the opposite side of that from China into Europe where they didn't have the tariffs. So, it was quite a different profile. So some of the follow activity during the first quarter, I think was a reflection of that inventory to sales ratio that Raj just mentioned to you. So hopefully now with the anticipation of a trade deal or at least a more can lead your conversation going on about it and in terms of tariffs, maybe we'll go back into a more normal cycle.
Fred Smith: Well, if I answer the second question, I am sure the Board of Directors and Fed would bring me out of here for giving it away competitively sensitive data and information. So, I'm just going to tell you that it's going to be transformational. I'm highly confident about where we're headed. I've got a very good feeling about what our costs are going to be and how much volume we're going to be able to run to the ground network. As to the current trends, we did have a 3% yield increase in Ground. Frankly, we thought, we were going to a higher. Same thing as Brie and Raj have been talking to you about, mix change orders a little faster than we thought. Cost structure will get there and we're not -- I'm not worried about Grounds margins in the longer term. Although, I did tell you that I don't think they're going to pop back up in Q4 like we sometimes see because we have a lot of investment going on for these transformational things that we have underway. So, all I can say they're standby, but I'm confident about our Grounds long-term potential maintain those margins that you used to.
Alan Graf: Chris, we don't have a capacity issue actually. I tried to describe we had some mix and yield issues at Express and [indiscernible] Express is the issue. It's not Ground or Freight. Express returns are what we have to work on the hardest I think we've described for you how we're doing that. But we run pretty tight capacity right now, it's just a different mix than we had expected. So if you look at Express’ yields in the quarter, they were down year-over-year. And so, the mix had a big impact and one of that is the fact that we are striving to hit the e-commerce demands at the same time as we're reducing our cost structures and we're getting there. We just aren't getting there as fast as we would like to. In terms of Ground, what's going on at Ground is nothing short of transformational. Ground is going to be in a position to significantly drive down its costs of serving the residential market and significantly increase its capacity with not much incremental capital expenditure particularly in terms of hubs. It will be investing in terms to be able to handle large packages. We love large packages, keep writing those large packages. We're the best in the business in handling those and we're going to streamline those operations even more. So, I'm not at all worried about Ground's particular margin situation here in Q3 and Q4 because I know where we're headed. So at the end the day, we're running pretty tight on capacity. We're expanding our capacity capabilities at Ground and Freight, and we're very carefully monitoring what we have available out there for FedEx Express.
Alan Graf: You could tell me, are we going to get a trade deal done with China and is Brexit going to come out good. I could give you a lot better answer about FY '20 than I can sit in here for a moment. But we sort of have to plan for both ways and obviously the leverage right now that we have is in our international revenues, on a very large fixed cost basis. So in terms of a plan, we have a plan. No question, we have a plan, we're executing. I think you heard Raj and Rob talk about, what's happening with TNT integration. But we're now finally getting service improvements at lower costs. We're speeding up and network by a day on 40% of the traffic. Customers are coming back. So, it's just a matter of time we have another year of integration to go. But we definitely need a little bit better economic environment in Europe to get the full benefits of TNT. We will get the full financial benefits of TNT, I have no doubt it's just a matter of when.
Alan Graf: Ben, I would say that, what we have found is that, what we've been talking you mostly about where the operational integration costs of putting these networks together. Again, as Raj talked to I mean, we're starting to get there and we're going to pick up a lot of momentum in FY 20. What we're seeing, however, is that as we -- as Raj and team continues to bring those antiquated systems up to current standards and beyond that we probably have some back office and other areas where we can do further investment. And so, we'll keep you updated on that. But far as operationally, we tend to be -- we think we're going to be there by the end of FY ‘20, and that's the biggest part. So, don't be scared about a lot of additional integration money. There won't be a lot additional [technical difficulty].
Alan Graf: Yes. Same thing, I mean. We're working on FY20 business plan right now. Our largest customers have grown really fast at Ground, and of course they have the -- they enjoyed the best pricing. We are attacking as Brie and Raj told you the small and medium enterprises. We don't have our fair share yet at Grand in that area. We will. And then as I said, we're working really hard on our cost structure for residential and short-haul deliveries. And there'll be more to come on that.
Raj Subramaniam: Hi Jack, this is Raj. I think on the U.S. side, our overall volume continues to increase roughly 6%. And I think if you look at what's driving the growth, it is e-commerce. What we are surprised by is the fact that the way for packages and lower than what we anticipate is going to be and that is, that's impacted our yields. So we are doing, first of all, so we're in a position to gain share on e-commerce. We will adjust our cost structure to make sure that we have the right cost to serve. We are very focused on driving overnight volume growth and we are focused on revenue management as well. So there's a lot of activity going on in the U.S. today and I'm quite optimistic that we are going to get this right. And Brie, if we don't add anything to us.
Raj Subramaniam: The short answer that question is, yes. We are seeing actual -- we're higher year-over-year growth every month from the last 3 months we're seeing accelerating year-over-year increased in revenue and volumes in the European possible business. And as we have stabilized and improving our service levels. So it's not a surprise, you despite the economic headwinds in Europe. We now have a terrific value proposition. As I said in the opening remarks, we're releasing new value to our customers. We've improved our service and the customers are responding. So, we are seeing increased revenue, increased volumes in our core partial business
Raj Subramaniam: Just want to add that. A lot of the CapEx that we're spending over the next few years is not to crease capacity at Express and it's to replace the 40 year old MD-10 and to drive better throughput, efficiency, productivity and lower costs at our two main hubs in Memphis and Indianapolis, those are big projects. Those have to be done for the long term of this company. And we do manage this business for the long term. Where I sit what I can see future cash flows is pretty impressive. I'm not going sit here and make projections, but I'm just telling you that we don't have to expand capacity at Express for quite a period of time. We need to a Ground, but we're doing that in a unique way. We are sweating the assets, we're going to run the network more days and we're going to be a lot busier out there. As we lower our costs to serve the residential delivery areas. We had a bad quarter. No doubt about it. I'm disappointed in it. But I'm not letting one bad quarter decide how we're going to manage this business for the next five years. I think that would be imprudent and not in the best interest of our shareholders, quite the contrary we got to redouble our efforts to get those costs down and those areas where we're seeing shorter zones and lighter weight. So that we can be as profitable as we need to be. And that's what we're working on. Now the way, let me just add in the December meeting, our voluntary buyout we listed 3 reasons for those. First is the multi-year transformation that we've been underway at FedEx called project renewal where we have taken down hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of legacy mainframe systems and move these applications into the cloud. So, we are removing the last mainframe installations in the next year or so. And there are people whose skill sets, don't fit or they're in the wrong location. So we're offering them a great opportunity, but we didn't want to stop renewal, because that's where technology is taking this. Second is Alan mentioned in his remarks? One of the things that we have, which is extremely important are very, very sophisticated analytics on the pick-up and particularly on the delivery side. So what you basically do is you substitute information for math, and we're not the only ones doing this. UPS talks about it. But this is going to be a profound transformation in the next few years. So the use of AI and then robotics is also making folks that have been in staff positions. We don't require the same level of manning. And then finally, as has been mentioned, on a couple of occasions here, there will be people leaving on a volunteer basis from the legacy TNT system as the integration complete. These weren't layoffs and they certainly weren't because we were propagated or not watching our waistline, they were from those 3 reasons. And we think culture and service orientation is the most important thing in FedEx. So we're not going to pre-people roughly and lay off about a bunch of folks. We're doing it in a way that that's consistent with our values and with the type of service in FedEx is known for. So I think it's important to reiterate what I said in December about those voluntary buyouts, because that was completely missed by a lot of people. In fact, right after their earnings calls some of the major media was talking about layoffs and FedEx and layoffs at all their voluntary buyouts driven by those 3 issues.
Raj Subramaniam: Hey, David, I think just to put it put it in perspective here. The inventory to sales ratio in the U.S. ran up in Q4 of calendar year ‘18. And so, we knew that the slowdown coming in Q1, it was just -- it was the pre-Chinese New Year. The peak was very muted, and the post-Chinese New Year was very, very soft. Having said that, in the last few days, we are starting to see some pickup in the business, and I think that's looking good. I’m going to sit here and project that's going to have -- what's going to happen for the rest of the quarter four, I cannot do that at this point. There’s still uncertainty in the market. But, if the trend continues then of course it'll be good news.
