Mike Glenn: Tom, this is Mike Glenn, and as Alan and Fred stated as the economy continues to improve it provides a great opportunity to ensure that our pricing strategy reflects the value of services that we provide. And there are several tactics that we are deploying at this point. They include, one, ensuring higher retention rate of the annual GR [ph]; two, ensuring acceptable rate increases for contract renewals; three, we have revised the pricing guidelines for new business to ensure appropriate yields coming in given the economic improvement we have seen; four, we are ensuring that all of our customers are meeting their volume commitments in order to retain their current rates, if not, we will re-engage in negotiations to ensure that the pricing reflects the current business that we are receiving; five, we are leveraging our total portfolio of services to ensure that we have the right traffic in the right network. For example, in some cases we’ve dealt with some of our home customers who have moved some of the lighter weight traffic to our SmartPost network which provides tremendous value for our customers and obviously enhances our yields and profitability. We have stated very clearly to our sales team that we are willing to walk away from specific accounts absent reasonable rate increases. So, we are taking a much firmer stance in this regard and then we are also providing incentives to our sales team to ensure that we increase yields for accounts that are not producing acceptable margins. And these tactics apply not only to the parcel segment but to the LTL segment as well; and I am very, very pleased with how our sales team has responded to the new pricing guidelines and how they are executing. We do believe the pricing environment is firming, customers have been – I guess have been accepting these new guidelines without significant pushback. Clearly, (inaudible) always going to be negotiations but with the pricing environment and the economic environment improving we’ve had success so far and we expect to continue to have success executing this strategy. So, I am quite confident in our ability to execute this new pricing strategy, and I think you will see the results in quarters ahead.
Mike Glenn: Donald, this is Mike Glenn. I want to add a couple of points to what Bill said. In addition to the tactics that I mentioned on the pricing side for parcel and freight, there are a couple of different things that are going on on the freight side. One is, given our traffic levels in the freight network we have the opportunity to be a bit more aggressive in terms of taking these rate increases because of the significant increase in traffic that we’ve had. So that gives us a little more flexibility on the pricing side. And secondarily, we are really focusing on those specific accounts that are driving higher costs in our network. That’s a bit different than what you typically see in the parcel side of the house but a particular customer can be – drive a lot of cost in the freight network and we are really focusing with the freight operations team to make sure we are addressing those specific issues that can have a near-term impact on the bottom line; so, just a couple of more tactics on the freight side that we are deploying to improve the pricing environment.
Mike Glenn: Well, I think it is important to understand this not a short-term tactical exercise. This is a long-term strategy. Obviously, we have had to react to very difficult market conditions with the economy which typically results in trade down of volume, lighter weight shipments and things of that nature and clearly excess capacity in the LTL market. But as the economy improves that allows us to move back towards longer-term strategic objectives in the pricing arena more in line with what I talked about with reasonable yield improvement on a year-over-year basis. So, I want to be real clear this is a long-term strategic direction for us. This is not a set of short-term tactical exercises.
Mike Glenn: We have seen improvements in the market and obviously that again relates to the economy and the type of goods that are being shipped. Our business is very closely tied to industrial production and we have seen exports improve out of Asia in particular. Those tend to be hard goods which have a heavier weight per package and higher yielding. So, we are seeing some improvement there.
Mike Glenn: Well, we are looking at a number of different opportunities for the long haul, Ed. I think the biggest opportunity we have in the short term is about focusing on specific accounts. Now, how are we incenting our sales people to deal with specific accounts? In the past, you tend to look more at volume and revenue growth. There are plenty of opportunities for us to change that and look at profit improvement as a way to incent our sales team on specific accounts. So that is the biggest leverage opportunity. It is very easy to continue to incent the sales people through volume and revenue growth with new pricing guidelines for smaller accounts, mid-size accounts. But for the very largest accounts, we have the opportunity to change the incentives and actually focus them more on profit improvement as opposed to volume and revenue growth. Obviously, if I have the choice of improving volume by 10% on a particular account at the risk of – and seeing profits improve only 2% versus improving bottom line by 5% and 2% growth I am going to take the latter. So, it is just a matter of how you choose to incent the sales people on specific accounts, which is the biggest short-term lever.
Mike Glenn: Well, if you go back over the last 10 years, as I have said before, there are really three things that have affected the domestic Express business. One is the electronic transmission of documents that used to move in a physical form. Two is obviously the tremendous service improvements that we have seen at FedEx Ground with day-certain delivery, money back guarantees, so on and so forth. And three is the globalization of the economy. Very specifically, items that used to be moved into the US in bulk, put in the warehouse and then moved through the domestic system are now moved on a point-to-point basis from point of manufacturer outside the US to point of consumption inside the US. So, it is the combination of those three things that have affected the overall growth rates of the US market. Now clearly the second issue which is the Ground improvements have some impact but I agree with Fred that we’ve seen, I would say, the bulk of that going forward but I think it is important to understand and we harp on this all the time why this is so critical to look at the Express company as a global company for that third reason and that is the globalization of the economy and how our customers are moving items from point of manufacture to point of consumption.
Mike Glenn: Rob, this is Mike Glenn. A lot of that business was brought on really in the last – towards the end of last year so we are just coming up on renewals on some of the contracts and as they come up obviously we are taking adjustments accordingly. So, we have to absent somebody not meeting their volume commitments. What we are doing is pacing these things as the contracts come up for annual rate increases or contract renewals. So, I want to be very clear about that. We are not in the situation where we are breaking contracts or anything like that. And secondarily, we did take on this business at a premium to what DHL had it. So, we will deal with those as they come up for renewal or annual rate increases but we have to pace it along those lines.
Mike Glenn: Well, your assessment is correct. I mean this business did come on at lower average yields than what we typically enjoy at Express and that’s one of the dampening factors that we have been dealing with and as we lap that obviously that would be an advantage to us. The primary driver for the lower yields was two things. One is DHL carried a lower average weight per transaction than FedEx did. And then secondarily, they were more aggressive in their pricing. While we were able to command a premium when we took that business into FedEx obviously we were not in a position to affect the average weight per transaction. So we will just have to deal with that as these contracts come up and that relates directly to my comment regarding incentives for our sales team on specific accounts. If we incent our sales people for the right behavior they will perform accordingly and that is what we intend to do. So we are quite confident in our ability to get the appropriate rate increases as contracts come up for renewal.
Alan Graf: Tom, I will let Dave talk about maintenance expense and particularly at Express. As to our employee compensation programs it is one giant category, salaries, and wages and benefits. And we have been very strict on headcount. We only are allowing replacements with specific approval from the strategic management team [ph] for additions, even though we are growing. I think we have done a very good job with our overhead but at the same time while our shock absorber worked very well on the way down, as we took pay cuts and froze merits and eliminated the 401(k) match and eliminated bonuses on the way back up we need to start to reinstate those. Our folks have earned them and deserve them and so we have to add some of that going forward. So, I think that is number one. Number two, as you all know, Tom, the pension accounting rules, which as I have stated many times I think are ridiculous when we have mark-to-market but we still have to do it. On May 31, we will have to see what interest rates are then and they look like they are going to be lower than they were last May 31 and just 1-basis point in interest rates has about a $2 million impact on our pension expense. So, as I am looking into FY ’11 right now I see lower interest rates and probably higher pension expense than otherwise we would have had in FY ‘11. Over time, as interest rates go up that will mitigate significantly but it will be a headwind going into ’11.
Alan Graf: Donald, this is Alan. Mike gave you some specific forecast of when we are going to return to profitability but I will say that the worst is behind us. We are going to see significant improvements going forward.
Alan Graf: Good morning, Helane. Well, Amazon uses FedEx a lot and offers free shipping. I promise you we don’t give it to them for free. I’ll let Mike handle that.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Thanks.
Alan Graf: Ben, this is Alan, let me just say we are growing market share, improving profitability and increasing yields at the same time in a not so great economy. That tells you a lot about the service that we are delivering. Dave mentioned the lanes and we are the fastest and we are going to push that advantage really hard going forward.
Dave Bronczek: Yes Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. On the aircraft maintenance or the maintenance issues that Alan had referenced, we did a very good job last year in the economic downturn on matching lift to load, and of course as everybody has mentioned so far our volumes are increasing and the demand is increasing. So, as that continues to happen in Q4 coming up here for example, we will bring some of our aircraft that we put in the desert, will bring them out and we will do the aircraft maintenance in advance of that.
Dave Bronczek: Let me just jump in. This is Dave Bronczek. To Mike’s point and Fred’s point, that’s exactly right. We are a global powerhouse now at FedEx Express and as you look at our all up revenues, for example, this past quarter they were up 8% across the enterprise and our Express is only up 1% if you take out the fuel impact, fuel added another 2%. So, it is our all up global powerhouse that we look at when we look at our revenues across the system. The United States domestic is filled up now with a lot of international priority coming in from all around the world, very important point.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, let me just add to that. It wasn’t – but just right in front of the economic downturn that Express was at 9.3% and marching very quickly to a double-digit profit. So, it is clearly not a magical number that we can’t get to. We will reach that target. It is the yield improvement, it is our cost structure, it is international around the world – international revenues and yields are significantly higher. So, just two years ago right before the economic downturn we were rapidly closing in on that double-digit margin of 10% and going beyond so it is clearly within our grasp and now that the economy is turning back around and all the things we have going for us as Alan has mentioned that’s our goal, that’s our target and we are confident that we will get there.
Dave Bronczek: That’s well said, Fred. Obviously, that was the point I was trying to make. We look at our system as one global system and as you put international priority high yielding traffic from China and Japan into the United States, the network that is flying out in the US here of its domestic package and goods coupled with these very high yielding, very profitable packages from all around the world, very much the same for example, would be the case in Europe. When Europe is flying its intra-European network, it is now commingled with its international priority shipments from China and Japan and the United States, international traffic that is high yielding and very profitable for us. So going forward, it is one global network and that was my point.
