Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. While FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight posted solid financial results, the third quarter was very challenging for FedEx Express due to continued weakness in international airfreight markets, pressure on yields due to industry overcapacity and customers selecting less expensive and a slower transit in international services. In response, as Dave Bronczek will tell you after Alan Graf's remarks, beginning April 1, FedEx Express will decrease capacity to and from Asia and will aggressively manage traffic flows to place lower-yielding traffic in lower-cost networks. We're assessing how these actions may allow FedEx Express to accelerate the retirement of more of its older, less efficient aircraft as part of our fleet modernization program done several years ago. We remain focused on our strategic cost-reduction programs, which are ramping up and on target. FedEx has a long successful history of flexing our networks to meet market conditions, and I'm confident the strategic profit improvement program we are implementing, as well as additional actions we are taking at FedEx Express, will increase margins, improve cash flows and strengthen our competitiveness over time. I'd like to congratulate FedEx team members around the globe for once again making FedEx 1 of the 10 most admired companies in the world according to a survey last month by Fortune Magazine. This honor and others our team has received reflect the outstanding reputation they've earned through their commitment to our Purple Promise, which says simply, "I will make every FedEx experience outstanding." Before I turn the microphone over to Mike Glenn for his comments on the economy, and then Alan Graf for financial perspective and as I mentioned, Dave Bronczek on the Express issues, I'd like to recognize and thank Dave Rebholz who is participating in his final earnings call as President and CEO of FedEx Ground. Dave is retiring on May 31 after 37 years of service to FedEx. He spent more than 30 years with FedEx Express, and during the last 7 years has been largely responsible for the incredible success and growth of FedEx Ground. Dave, on behalf of the entire FedEx team, thank you for your leadership, your friendship and your wise counsel as a member of our strategic management committee during these many years, and best wishes for your well-deserved retirement. Now Mike Glenn.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'm going to turn it over to Dave about the fleet, and then he and Alan can talk about the go-forward CapEx. It is the air cargo market, and the air cargo market is, as I mentioned a moment ago, has been adversely affected by lower economic growth around the world caused by the policy choices that are now reflected in the European situation, relatively low growth in the United States and China situation. So the International Express business is still growing, the door-to-door part of the business. And these aren't new things. They just perhaps have accelerated a little bit because of this overcapacity situation. And over the last couple of years, Dave Bronczek has done a great job of readjusting our deliveries of capacity, pushing off 777s and bringing in the 767s which have an immediate accretive effect in the domestic system. So they're so much more fuel-efficient than the airplanes they were replacing. So I'll let him talk about that and then Alan on CapEx.
Frederick W. Smith: Yes, this is Fred Smith speaking. We've made this point a couple of times on these calls and at the Investor Day back in October. The Express market is going to be around forever. I mean, the growth in Ground is outstanding, and it's a much bigger market in terms of units. But the types of things that go into the Express network, things that require time-certain, long-distance delivery, are going to continue to be a requirement for shippers. It's just the ratio of the Express shipments to the Ground shipments. And I think what you saw in this quarter was sort of a stabilization of the Express-Ground ratio. There's certainly e-commerce driving a lot of traffic for Ground, and some proportion of the e-commerce requires Express delivery, so that's really what you're seeing.
Frederick W. Smith: Well, Dave can talk about this more in greater detail, but Latin American market is, in fact, growing. We have a great position there, great management team. We made an acquisition in Mexico. We made an acquisition in Brazil. So we're very optimistic about the prospects for Latin America, and we have a good position there. A lot of the airfreight market, the traditional airfreight market in Latin America are perishables, and we have a position in that market to some degree. But as the acquisitions become integrated and turn from an expense to a positive, as Dave told you, we're very optimistic about our Latin American results. Dave -- Dave's got a better focus perhaps on the Middle East, and he can give you some comments on that.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. On the economic front, our forecast calls for modest growth in the global economy. Historic revisions and incoming data since our last earnings call led us to adjust our GDP and industrial production numbers. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2% in calendar '13 and 2.5% in calendar '14. For industrial production, we expect growth of 3% in calendar '13 and 3.5% in calendar '14. Housing and auto markets have shown improvement, e-commerce experienced mid-teen growth rates and we've seen some inventory restocking taking place in the near term. Our global GDP forecast calls for 2.3% growth in calendar '13 and 3% in calendar '14. The calendar '13 outlook certainly remains uncertain due mainly to policy issues in the U.S., Europe and China. Now turning to yield commentary. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express Domestic package yields increased 2.1%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements, followed by increased weight per package. FedEx Ground yield increased 1.9%, excluding the impact of fuel, with the year-over-year increase driven by rate and discount improvements and an increase in extra services charges. Excluding the impact of fuel, International Express packages -- package yield declined 3% year-over-year due to changes in product mix, which were referenced earlier, rate and discount and weight changes. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, FedEx Freight yield per hundredweight increased 1.7% year-over-year, with the increase primarily driven by rate and discount changes. And now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We don't provide monthly forecast and projections regarding the business, but I would say that the trends have been stable. We expect those to continue in terms of the shift in the mix of the business. So we don't anticipate any significant changes in the mix of traffic going forward. I think the key for us, as Dave has mentioned several times, is the adjustments we're making to the network that allows us to leverage the global network that we have to improve the profitability in our international segment.
T. Michael Glenn: Bill, I appreciate your comment, but I do want to remind you that Ground had 10% growth in the quarter and our yields, excluding the impact of fuel, grew almost 2%. So I think that's very consistent with our strategy to work with our operating companies to find the right balance between volume growth and yield improvement to maximize the profitability. And I would encourage you to look at the long-term trends that we've been able to produce here. And we're very confident in our ability to position the outstanding value proposition we have in the market place, and our sales team is doing a great job at that.
T. Michael Glenn: Scott, let me just make one comment about -- as we -- as part of our revenue management process, when we bring on a large customer, especially in the e-commerce segment, we do a lot of work with the operating company to look at not only the impact of the volume and yield in nonpeak season, but how the traffic peaks during peaking season and how it's going to affect the overall profitability of the opportunity. So we do a lot of extensive work to work closely with Ground to make sure that we have a clear understanding of the impact of e-commerce and peaking as it relates to our margin. So a lot of effort there, and I think the Ground company did a phenomenal job in providing outstanding service during peak season.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, let me just add that -- I want to make sure we're clear here. The changes that we're talking about in our network are not designed to take traffic out of our airplanes and put it on the ocean. The market will drive the trends in terms of the mix between airfreight and ocean traffic. And we are looking to make sure that we have the right product in the right network to maximize profitability. But as Fred noted earlier, we do see growth in the overall market in the ocean side and some pressure on the air side. But that's a different issue than what we're talking about here in terms of rightsizing the network.
David J. Bronczek: Thank you, Alan and Fred and Mike, and I'm going to talk about something they all talked about. And basically, to start off with, I wanted to say that at Express, the $1.6 billion that we gave you at the Investors and Lenders Meeting in October is well on-track. We told you that 75% of that benefit would accrue in FY '15. That's still the case and in fact, in some categories, we're exceeding even those estimates. I'd also wanted to stop and say that in our domestic business, we're performing actually very well. Our average daily volume this quarter was up 1%. Domestic yields that Mike Glenn pointed out was up 2.1%. Domestic U.S. freight was up 3%, and domestic U.S. yields in Freight was up 3%. So our business in the United States Domestic Express is performing very well. The international business and the international trends is what I'm going to talk about for the remaining of my time, and those trends have shifted. The marketplace have shifted this quarter. And to show you how much it shifted, the revenue this quarter in IP, International Priority, was down 4%. Revenue was down in International Priority Freight by 13%. Yields for international exports were down 3%, and overall IP freight yields were down 1%. So we have a yield issue that exaggerated itself this quarter over last quarter. The other issue that we're dealing with is actually something you would think was a good problem for us to have. Total international export volume was up 4%. That, however, was driven by a 12% growth in deferred international export traffic, mainly led out of Asia and Europe. So we had a lot of freight, a lot of freight on our planes, our high-load factors, quite frankly, were driven by the deferred traffic. So we had lower yields, we had more traffic, higher pounds, all in deferred traffic. So what Fred and Alan have said is we started in November actually to start moving our linehaul network down and tweaking some of our network around the world. We're big enough to move our network around, and I'm going to talk about that in a minute here, with actually -- without affecting service to our customers. So in November, we began the process. April 1, we're moving our Trans-Pacific linehaul capacity down because we have markets that have multiple aircraft in them. We're going to be forcing a higher-yielding revenue component into our planes while we're reducing our costs, moving some of that lower-yielding deferred international economy freight into lower-cost networks, primarily our FedEx Trade Networks network in our own deferred network and by doing so, we'll actually improve the overall yields into our network that is actually going to be reducing its costs and that's the beginning of our outlook for our international linehaul. That starts April 1. Beyond that, we're looking at the rest of our global linehaul that also has multiple airplanes in multiple markets that we can actually force the revenue yield and quality of the revenue into our existing network while reducing our costs. So as Alan and Fred both pointed out, we're going to take this opportunity off of the third quarter market shift to look at our fleets. And in fact, if we have some of our airplanes that are inefficient for fuel and maintenance and determine throughout the quarter if we have some airplanes that we can retire. Going back to the issue at hand, Q3's performance on international revenue driven by yields was the issue. We actually had more volume. So we're resetting the Express capacity. We're resetting the revenue forecasting. And going forward, we're actually going to take a very hard look at all of our expenses at international, but the main expense for international is our global linehaul. Q3 to Q4, Q4 is significantly improved over Q3. So in Alan's guidance and in his outlook, you'll have an Express Q4 performance that's significantly better than Q3.
David J. Bronczek: That's exactly right, Fred. I think you -- if you look at the market, you can see that it's overcapacity. And because of that overcapacity, people are looking for a market shift in their pricing. And the issue for us isn't that we don't have enough volume. We have too much volume in the wrong product in the wrong network. As I mentioned before, our overall growth in deferred was 12% and quite frankly, that's only because we had to cap it because our planes coming out of Asia were full, full of the wrong type of products. So we're moving the traffic into a lower-cost network. We're opening up our Express freighters for truly IP, International Priority, traffic and we're bringing down our cost of the capacity. So when you look at the marketplace, it's shifted right now. Until the marketplace corrects itself on the overcapacity, we're taking the lead for our business.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks, Fred. That's right, it's the airfreight market. Our IP parcel, we actually grew 2%, which is a good thing. The issue is that we've got this big lane imbalance between Asia and the United States, and it keeps driving itself farther and farther where you would actually have to put on more planes coming back from United States back to Asia. So our goal is to take advantage of our network that's a global network where we have multiple airplanes in some markets, pull them out, force the traffic that's truly IP into our planes, move into the lower-cost network, some of these lower-yielding packages, more lane balance than the network around the world, and we have a lot of opportunities beyond just Asia to the United States. We're looking at Asia to Europe and back and so forth. So when you look at the marketplace, we have a lot of growth in it. It's shifted to deferred because you have overcapacity in the airfreight market. In terms of airplanes, yes, we're looking at ways to -- because of the pull down in the international market there, look at ways to replace or retire, I should say, older, more inefficient -- fuel inefficient maintenance planes sooner.
David J. Bronczek: Well, I -- let me -- this is Dave Bronczek again. Our European organic strategy we put in place about 18 months ago has been performing exceptionally well. We've opened 70 stations in Europe. By the end of this fiscal year, it'll be 87, and that's over a 2-year period of time. The service is great. Volumes are growing. As I mentioned before, Asia and Europe actually led the way for international export, but also in Europe. So we're actually very comfortable with our position in Europe right now. The markets are tough, but we're in a very good position there. Obviously, we don't talk about acquisition opportunities now and we -- for a lot of good reasons, as Fred always talks about. So I just wanted to point out, our European team is doing a great job; very happy with their results.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we have the wrong -- we had high growth in deferred, which is good. As long as we put it in the right network, that makes us more money. And we open up our network that actually is there for the higher-yielding packages, and right now it's being overrun almost by the deferred traffic. So we're moving that traffic off of our Express freighters onto a more -- a lower-cost network, our FTN network, and some of our own deferred flights and opening up the orange network, our priority network at Express for the higher-yielding traffic. So when we do that, we actually force the capacity to go down and force the revenue quality to go up.
David J. Bronczek: Well, I'll answer both questions. On the $1.6 billion that I gave you in October, off of our FY '13 base, that's all still in place. On the international side, I think I gave you $350 million in that $1.6 billion was on the international piece, that's still in place. We have probably more opportunity to try and beat that, quite frankly, with the way we're looking at our network going forward. In the United States, we're performing very well. The volumes, the yields, we're working with Mike Glenn and his sales team, there's also a component in that $1.6 billion in our U.S. transformation, and that's on plan. And quite frankly, our team's doing a great job there. So we just are adjusting our network right now, and we are big enough to do that and become more profitable there.
David J. Bronczek: Well, let me be clear. It's really the global network that we're talking about here. We have an opportunity, and I've challenged my team to -- we have some older planes, 727s and some trimotors, that if we could retire them earlier after what I told you before, would be better. But it's really across the world, and it's on a global basis.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, on that purchase transportation line, it looks like it's growing 30%. It's actually in the base growing 2%, only 2%. It's acquisitions and FTN, which is a good thing. Our domestic acquisitions are perfect for our company, and we will start harvesting the returns and the profit opportunities in the very near future going forward. But on the purchase transportation, that 30% growth is in the base, only 2%.
David J. Bronczek: I will, Fred. Thank you. I'll talk about Latin America for a minute, though. Juan Cento's our Head of Latin America. He's a fantastic executive. We acquired 2 terrific companies, one in Mexico, one in Brazil; same cultural fit, same great service, same great market presence, same great customer base. And we're going to see terrific returns when we harvest the profitability there. We had to go through the obvious branding, the IT integration, but we're well on our way there. So you're going to see more very good performance out of Latin America. In the Middle East, of course, in the Middle East, they're performing well. We have another acquisition in India that we lump into our Middle East region. It's actually improving. And some of the linehaul adjustments across the world actually affect India and the Middle East in a positive way.
David J. Bronczek: Well, Fred, you said it exactly right, and we have worked with the Chinese government. It's business as usual for us. We do serve 400 cities there in China. We are making great strides there, and we've been in China for a lot of years. So our international business is very big there. Our domestic business is growing there. And we think that in the very near future, this will be very accretive for us, that domestic business in China.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we've had terrific growth in our FedEx Trade Networks organization, and they've done a fabulous job over the last 3 years, almost tripling or quadrupling their growth. That will continue. The customers have a great -- they can track and trace the same, they can use the same sales organization. So the opportunities for us to grow our FTN, our Trade Networks organization, continues to be very big because we started off in a modest organization a couple of years ago. And I think that this opportunity now that presents itself will let customers see how good our service opportunities are at Trade Networks.
Alan B. Graf: Justin, this is Alan. 2 points. One, we're already seeing the benefit of flying fewer pounds at higher yields in the fourth quarter guidance that I gave you. That'll continue into '14. So as Dave said, Express' performance in Q4 year-over-year will be a whole lot better than it was in Q3. And there's been a lot of cost cuts that are already been done ahead of schedule. Secondarily, from a CapEx standpoint, recall that Express' aircraft capital expenditures over the next 2 or 3 years are largely replacement. And if anything, we're going to accelerate that because we will be -- if we decide to make some elections to retire airplanes, they'll be the older airplanes that have significantly higher fuel burn, more maintenance, et cetera. So those capital investments we still want to make because they still have a high ROIC. We're not taking but a couple of 777s over the next several years. Most of those have been shoved way back. So whatever we come up with here will be the size of the feet we're going to fly internationally for at least 2 or 3 years.
Alan B. Graf: So Bill, this is Alan. Just to answer your question, this company is about driving cash flows, and we are perfectly happy with continuing to grow the top line while we maintain 17% or 18% margins at Ground and have a 27.5% after-tax ROIC.
Alan B. Graf: And Scott, this is Alan. Let me just clarify one thing. You said that the Ground yields were less than anticipated. That's your words. They came in almost exactly where we thought they would be. And a little bit of the margin issue year-over-year is that we had a higher peaking factor in Ground this year, and that's what Dave was referring to, that the higher the peaking factor, the more temporaries and the less productivity that you get when you get to those higher peaking factors. So some of that extra peaking traffic did not carry the same margins in this year's peak as in last year's peak.
David F. Rebholz: Well, all right. So you understand that the predominant factor was the year-over-year issue of the favorable self-insurance. That is just simply a fact. We continue to grow not only in the second and third quarter, we picked up growth in the fourth quarter. We're very confident and happy about that. I think fundamentally that while margins are unpredictable relative to weather and different issues that affect us, the timing of issues, the fact of the matter is, is that we have a better mousetrap. Our service is absolutely supreme, and customers are coming and talking to us. I think if you talk to my compadre, Mike Glenn, and the person who is going to replace me, who I have incredibly great faith in, Henry Maier, who I hired in the first year that I went up to Ground, for the purpose of replacing me and building the organization and changing it, I don't see any end in sight. Now having said that, all of these issues come down to the fact that we have invested a lot of money. We've done it efficiently and effectively to make sure that our service proposition is greater than the competition. Put that another way, when there are too many people that want to get in the door, you've got to raise your yields. Having said that, we will look at every customer on an individual basis and determine the value proposition that we each share and essentially improve our margins. Putting that aside, I see no risk in the Ground proposition value today. I think we are on the right track. We're moving in the right direction. So I would ask Mike to comment on the yield, but as a matter of fact, I think we're in a very good sweet spot.
David F. Rebholz: Well, Alex, the good news about our problem is we constantly have to balance this. The growth in the demand at the right price point, we will invest whatever is appropriate to take on new business. However, we are well-suited moving forward.
David F. Rebholz: Well, there are plenty of levers. I think the capital investment is in exactly the right spot. If you look at our past, it has been consistent, and we've been able to provide a good return as evidenced by our ROIC, as Alan said earlier. There's nothing that is at risk. We are very judicious on how and where we spend money. And we're very judicious about, as I said earlier, the right return from customers that come in the door. So we will spend money when we can make money, end of story.
David F. Rebholz: All right. This is Dave. Let's take the weather last. Every year has its own experiences with weather. And clearly, this past year there were some unique circumstances but frankly, we were able to perform effectively. And as evidenced by our contractor remodel, our contractors rose to the occasion. So from a service standpoint, it was great. From a cost standpoint, in any kind of weather situation, no matter what organization you're talking about in transportation, you have a lagging effect. So you might get hit for a week of bad weather. You'll get some recovery as people rebound. So put that aside, that is just simply a nominal issue. In terms of -- so you had a 3-part question, I want to make sure I answer them correctly. So go back to your first question because I want to make sure I have -- all right. The holidays. All right. So what happened in the holiday? The holiday was a great season for us. All of our large customers had exceptional demand. There was clearly demand from the online world that probably had not been experienced historically. That was good for them, and that was good for us. We recovered. We handled the business. We handled at a high level of service. Understand that when demands are high, we're going to spend some extra money to make sure that the customers who do business with us all year long are satisfied with our performance during the 2 weeks. So I think that the retail sector is very healthy. There are some changing dimensions. We are prepared to handle it with our 3 bottom line product portfolios: ground to commercial, ground to home and our SmartPost product portfolio. In terms of SmartPost, the only thing that we were surprised by was the relative rate increase from the Postal Service. We are well positioned to handle those rate increases, and our customers value the product portfolio and we're very well positioned to handle additional growth in that network. And I think our partnership, as their largest customer, puts us in a position to continue to grow.
