Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, a couple of items -- first, seasonally the third quarter is always our weakest, particularly post holidays. We are having a strong December I will say, as Fred mentioned on our largest package day of 14.1 million packages. But we expect a little bit of a slow-down in the January and February timeframe and then secondarily as I alluded to, we really didn’t have time to add much cost for the anticipated traffic that we saw at express and we want to keep our service levels as high as humanly possible and to keep -- catch up with that volume and keep service levels high, we are going to have to invest in additional hours and also the cycles that we put on those aircraft will have to have some additional maintenance. So there is a little bit of drag there, as well as we will be continuing to accrue for our annual incentive compensation plans in the second half. We had no accruals in the first quarter and we had some catch-up accruals in the second quarter.  So other than that, I still believe the outlook, as Fred mentioned and I mentioned for our traffic is very positive and we should have a lot of momentum going into the fourth quarter and into fiscal 11. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, I wouldn’t say it’s not material to the overall earnings of the company but it is a little bit of a drag. Just as we use it as a shock absorber coming down to help cushion our earnings decline in very tough times, now we are reinvesting back in our folks who work so hard. So it will have a dampening effect but it won't be material, but it will have a dampening effect. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I think ground has been fairly steady, steady as she goes with our growth rates and I’ll let Dave Rebholz add some color to that. On international priority, they are going to definitely be strong here in the second half and there’s a couple of reasons for that. One, first of all, the comparisons are fairly easy but secondarily, when you have by far the best, most reliable broadest service and the most awesome sales force who can construct specific service portfolios for our customers and the reach and the brand that we have, there’s no limit to what we are going to do with IP. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I am reading between the lines on your question here about our yields with obviously national being lower than regional and that mix -- it’s really the competitive environment and not the mix that is driving those yields down and we know we have to work on that. As Doug said, we have balanced out our networks now, we feel good about the productivity we are getting in it, and that’s a concentration on improving our yield outlook. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, it was -- those were the two major components of the yield decline with the pricing environment being a little bit bigger of an impact negatively than the fuel impact. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I’ll take the first one -- I think if you will just track our salaries and benefits, you will be able to see the impact of the 401K again. It was a shock absorber coming down to help protect the shareholders from a cash flow and earnings standpoint. We need to reinvest back in that program. We are only putting half of it back up for now, as we wait and see on the strength and continuing strength of the economic improvement. So again, it will have a dampening effect but it won't be material. You just have to take all these things together as we continue to manage them and there’s base salaries, there’s merit increases, and then there’s the compensation associated with bonus programs and with the 401K and they will be increasing our cost of labor but we believe that we will be able to get that back and more in productivity with our new lower cost structure and redesigned networks. And I’ll let Chris answer the Japan question. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, purchased transportation is complex when you talk about FedEx Corporation. You need to break it down by op-co, where of course ground is the biggest user of purchased transportation. Again, we have done a great job with productivity, and I’m going to let Dave Rebholz talk about that. Additionally, as we take additional volumes at freight, we have to add some purchase transportation and so we can get our networks back up and take that over. That is initially a drag on our costs. We are much more efficient one we take charge of those routes but in order to take that volume, we had to spend more on purchased trans but the biggest, most important unit is ground and I’ll let Dave address that. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, it is and I’m not going to say any more specific than I have, other than to assure you we have worked very hard on our productivity and our overall cost structure, which has significantly been lowered. As we bring additional traffic back and it’s time to repair and improve our compensation programs and reward that productivity that we are getting. So on a net net basis, it will not restrain our growth because we expect to see additional volume and productivity that will offset those costs.
T. Michael Glenn: It’s very difficult to make that call at this point. That’s why in Alan’s earlier remarks, he mentioned that it was going to be important for us to see the trends after the holiday season. We have been pleased with the volume trends as we have progressed through the quarter and leading up to the month of December, which led to our record day of 14.1 million packages but we certainly want to keep a watch out for the volume trends as we move into January and February before we make that final call. 
T. Michael Glenn: One of the things that’s important for us as the economy continues to improve, we believe that we’ve got a terrific opportunity to review our pricing strategy, to make sure it reflects the value of the services that we provide, with the specific objective being to improve our yields for both our parcel and our freight services. And there are several things that we can do and plan to do to make a positive impact on those yields. Simply one would be to ensure we get acceptable rate increases as contract renewals roll around and we have a lot of contract renewals that will be in the hopper here in the months ahead. Two is we are reviewing our pricing guidelines for new business, given that the strength of the volume trends and three, we are ensuring and analyzing specific customers to make sure that they are meeting volume commitments to retain their current pricing.  So we’ve got a lot of opportunity as volumes continue to improve and as the economy strengthens to really see some yield management on the upside, given where we have been in this difficult economy. 
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I would certainly say it’s more competitive in the freight LTL arena than it is in the parcel arena but again, we think there’s an opportunity going forward to move that in a positive direction in both of those key markets for us. 
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I think there are three primary issues going on here. One is clearly some inventory restocking going on, given that inventories had dropped to such a low level. Two is there’s certainly been some increased consumer demand, especially in the electronic products sector, handheld smartphones and things of that nature. And third is we’ve been improving our position relative to the competition and taking some market share. So I think all three of those are factors, given our strong performance. 
T. Michael Glenn: Market share is an interesting statistic but it is not what drives FedEx Corporation. Obviously we are looking to improve the bottom line and as I mentioned, as the economy improves, we think there’s a terrific opportunity to see the pricing environment firm up and improve and I mentioned the many tactics that we can put in place and are looking at to make sure that happens. But as Doug mentioned in the freight sector, obviously when you have the shipments in your network, it’s easier to do that. When you have the solid growth trends we have at express and ground, you can be more selective, including being more willing to walk away from a piece of business as the economy is improving, then you might be in a difficult economy. So we think it’s a terrific opportunity and obviously there’s a lot of leverage for the corporation, so it’s a high priority for us. 
T. Michael Glenn: That’s a tactic that is also available to us to improve yields across the parcel product portfolio. It would not only affect smart post but would affect ground and express as well. Again, as part of our yield improvement plans, we want to work with customers to make sure we are providing them the very best value proposition that meets their individual needs and we will be providing some solutions to them that could affect the product mix across our portfolio and could benefit FedEx as well. So that’s an ongoing part of our strategy. 
T. Michael Glenn: Yeah, weight per package is always an early indication in terms of the economy. When the economy is turning down, you see weight per package decline as customers look to move heavier shipments into slower modes of transportation as a way of managing their transportation budgets and as the economy starts to improve, you tend to see weight per package firm up. So we think that’s another indicator of the positive trends in the economy. 
T. Michael Glenn: It’s a little early to be making that call. I think it’s important to see some of the trends in January and early February before we will really understand of those three issues, how much was inventory restocking versus demand. We have a pretty good handle on the third issue as our relative position compared to the competition but how much is inventory restocking versus demand, we need a little more time to get the level of clarity that we’d like. 
T. Michael Glenn: That’s right -- it’s 18 this year and it will be over 30 by the end of the fiscal year. And yes, it’s primarily express customers around the world that will end up moving traffic into our sister companies here in the United States but it’s a nice bundle for us around the world. 
T. Michael Glenn: 656There’s no question about that. Obviously with DHL out of North America primarily, the structure and the strength we have in Asia-Pacific and around the world, Europe and the Middle East, customers are finding our bundle very attractive. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Ken, we’ve been trying to predict when the excess capacity will leave for quite some time and things seem to change daily with press releases by some of our competitors but I would say to you that I think capacity is coming out. We’ve got a competitor or two that continues to lose business at a 40% clip year over year. That is capacity coming out. We are very happy with the volumes we have put in the networks now and now have the scale efficiencies that we need and I think we now have some opportunities to begin to improve the yield going forward, now that we’ve got the volumes that we need to really operate. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Well, you are seeing our volumes, we grew 3% in the quarter but every month was better than the previous month and our November number of shipments were actually up double-digit percentages year over year. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Donald, they are both growing. National had some record days in November, bigger than they have ever had before but regional is growing as well, so the opportunities are actually broad-based across our two networks. 
Douglas G. Duncan: No, they are both growing and I think what we have seen is given the competitive posture in the marketplace we are still a premium service and premium priced carrier and we have had to accept a little less premium but when we have done so, our value proposition wins in both networks. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Donald, I would say you still need to look at it all up, because customers negotiate the total price and some customers negotiate tougher on the fuel surcharge, some tougher on the base rate, so looking at the differences there, I don’t think are really constructive. You have to look at it all up. That’s what the customer looks at and that’s what we manage our business at. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Obviously we have filled up considerable capacity and we are operating at scale efficiencies now to really drive the productivity in the network but we do have additional capacities and of course, the months of December, January, and February are seasonally low months for the industry so we have the ability to take on more but it’s nice to have the volume in place so that we can begin to look for opportunities to improve the yield. We can't do that when you don’t have the volumes in place. 
Douglas G. Duncan: As I said, I think capacity is coming out of -- excess capacity is coming out of this industry. Maybe not at the speed we would like to see but it is coming out and we have been able to grow our volumes and we really believe there’s an opportunity now to begin improving the yields going forward from here. So it won't be a rapid turnaround but the opportunities exist for us to do that. 
Douglas G. Duncan: The growth has come from a broad base of customers. We are getting increased business from small customers, what we call field accounts, as well as corporate accounts, so I would say the growth is very broad. And I forget the other part of your question. 
Douglas G. Duncan: December volumes still remain very strong. It’s normally a time where we begin to see volumes tail off seasonally in the freight business, but that hasn’t happened to this point. 
Frederick W. Smith: Well, I am going to defer that question to our General Counsel, Chris Richards, who is more up to speed on it than I am. 
Frederick W. Smith: Well, obviously that’s a very powerful lane for us, so much so that our first group of 777s are going to go Hong Kong to Memphis, so it continues to grow, it continues to be very strong, not only to the United States but to Europe as well. 
Frederick W. Smith: Well, we’ve actually gone to nine and then we have added on top of the nine, we’ve added all the extra sessions, so we’ve had dozens of extra sessions flown by our terrific flight crew and our ramp folks and so forth, so it’s been a very busy peak for us. 
Frederick W. Smith: In regards to TNT and the speculation there, we just don’t make any comment about corporate development activities, opportunities, ever. It’s just not in our best interest to do so and we just won't get involved in that.  Now having said that, one of the things that I think is a little bit of a myth about FedEx is our European operations are somehow not strong and they are exceedingly strong and Europe is extraordinarily profitable for us and we have expanded our air express operations in Europe, and our intercontinental network to and from Europe, both to Asia and to the United States. We bought a wonderful company in the United Kingdom.  So we feel that we’ve got a lot of growth prospects in Europe just from things that we can do organically and we are very happy with our situation in Europe. People forget that Europe is very different situation than in the United States. It’s a highly fractionated marketplace. There are many, many competitors in most of the domestic markets. There are at least half a dozen pan-European ground parcel networks. There are four intra-European air express networks. So it’s not the same situation as it is in the United States and I think sometimes people erroneously conclude that the analogies are greater than they actually are. 
Frederick W. Smith: Well, obviously we’d like to see the pricing environment improve. We’d like to see our yield performance improve but some of these tactics that I mentioned, you have to play as they come to you. In other words, we have to wait for contract renewals to come around. That’s important. We don’t think obviously it would be appropriate to open up a contract in the middle of that contract but we have a number of contracts coming up for renewal, we have a number of new business opportunities and obviously revised pricing guidelines and taking a firmer negotiating position when you are negotiating contract renewals will give us opportunity going forward but that does take some time to see that change. 
Frederick W. Smith: On the contract on the 777, the way that contract is written is we exercise -- we don’t exercise the options -- excuse me, there’s a time period in front of each airplane, so I’ll let Christine give you some details about that. 
Christine P. Richards: This rule change would, as you say, allow for a minority election in the sense that prior to the rule under the national mediation board rules, you would have to get 50% plus one of the craft or class to vote for a union before a union would be recognized. Under the proposed rule, it would just be 50% plus one of the actual people who participate in the election. It is a significant change. It overturns 70 years of precedent but I do want to point out, this is a change to a rule that is very similar to the one that is applicable for elections under the national labor relations act, so we feel confident we could deal with the situation in any event. 
Christine P. Richards: Helane, the recent Japan U.S. agreement didn’t really provide much upside for us but we were in such a good position with our Japan routes and slots that we really weren’t looking for a lot of benefit. 
Christine P. Richards: The delivery date is preceded by a decision date and we make an indication to Boeing at the time of that decision date whether we will take that particular aircraft, so the RLA status has to be something we are comfortable with at each of those decision dates before we will take each particular airplane. 
Christine P. Richards: As you know, the FAA re-authorization passed the house with the RLA amendment in that bill. On the senate side, it has moved out of committee but nothing is moving much on the senate side right now except healthcare and I’m not in a position any better than you are as to guess when that might move forward.  I can say this -- both the house and the senate have passed an extension of FAA funding through March 31, 2010, so we anticipate that this issue will continue to be something that we will be monitoring and working on very hard during the spring and summer of 2010. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners: Doug, I was hoping you could give us a little bit of insight into the volume trends, national versus regional, on freight, where were you seeing the most ability to grow volume. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners: Obviously regional is bigger than national but on a percentage basis, did you see greater volume growth at national on either an absolute or a percentage basis or -- 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners: Well, I think we all believe that when the capacity reduction comps, not if but when, the rate environment is going to get a lot better for everyone. I’ll let someone else ask a question. Thank you. 
David J. Bronczek: We pulled our flight hours down in the second quarter year over year by 6%. Alan and Fred both talked about the fuel efficiencies obviously we got off of that but as the volumes around the world, mainly in Asia, in Latin America started materializing, we started flying a lot of extra sections and quite frankly, we’re having a hard time keeping up, actually, with the [rolled] containers even at that pace.  One thing I wanted to add that’s important I think for you to understand our capacity, we start in January officially flying our 777s, and then they come -- and then another section goes in, another route structure goes in in April, so we’ll have 777s flying in and out of Asia starting the third quarter and then in the fourth quarter, with all of that later pick-up time and farther reach, so we are very excited about the opportunities to keep the international revenue growing. 
David J. Bronczek: Well, the Latin American freight is coming into the United States primarily but Asia is actually going into Europe and the United States. And we actually have had backlogs in Asia, Europe, and in Latin America for the last several weeks. 
David J. Bronczek: I’ll answer the first and then Chris will answer the second part of your question. On the 757s, we’re receiving one 757 a month. That’s the plan that we put in place a year ago and we are right on track. We will get our 17th plane at the end of this month and then we will continue for several years to move the 727s out and the 757s in. 
David J. Bronczek: Obviously that’s what we want -- we want the higher IPFS pounds to displace the ATA low yielding traffic. In fact, ATA is having a hard time getting on our planes now for several weeks and going forward, it looks like it’s having a hard time. So we are actually very pleased with how we are moving the IPFS, the IP, and our deferred international product as well. We have a good mix, obviously the deferred traffic can flow on our planes on an off cycle, so David, it’s exactly the program we have in place for that. 
