Raj Subramaniam: Yeah, so, Scott, thank you for that question. We expect that the passenger airline capacity is going to be down for some time to come and a significant portion of air cargo intercontinental goes on passenger aircraft and that traffic is now going to flow on FedEx capacity, which is a premium. It's both on the transatlantic and transpacific. I will turn it over to Don to address some specifics about what we have done so far and what we expect to happen here.
Raj Subramaniam: David, let me start off and I'll turn it to Henry. Firstly, I think the strategic initiatives that we have deployed in FedEx Ground over the past few months, literally the investments we've made over the past few years have definitely paid off in this time frame. And basically, we have a better mousetrap and we have faster service than our competition and we have a good revenue quality and better profitability in this business. So, let me turn it over to Henry to answer specifics.
Raj Subramaniam: Amit, all I can say here is that we had an acceleration of B2C over the last – you know as the percentage of e-commerce – as the percentage of total retail moved from 15% to 28%. We had a significant shift in terms of how much B2C volume grew. And in our investment that we made on our seven-day network and all the other things that Henry had talked about earlier, just the market trends accelerated to meet our strategy, so to speak. And so there is no more secret than that. I think we were just – we are leaning into e-commerce. This is something very important for our strategic priorities going forward and the market moved faster than what we expected. I don't know if Brie or Henry want to add anything more to that.
Raj Subramaniam: Chris, we're not going to talk about 2021. As we've said all along, I can't predict what the demand is going to be. So it's going to be very difficult to answer any questions associated with 2021.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me start there and give it to Don. But we have been extremely disciplined in how we manage our cost structure in Express, all the way from managing our capacity and redeploying to where the demand is. I mean, as we talked to you about, we have the Air Capacity Coordination Center where we are actually moving the capacity very dynamically into the places where we can maximize our revenue and profitability. We have streamlined our organization structure and we are moving forward with our Last Mile Optimization program to make sure that we put the residential packages in the right network to reduce cost and improve density. Let me turn it over to Don for anything else he wants to add.
Raj Subramaniam: At this point, we are glad that we have a hub in Guangzhou and the traffic is flow – we have a lot of traffic flowing through that hub, and we are – it's a centroid for a lot of the traffic that flows through the Asian region.
Raj Subramaniam: It's – first of all, we are – with – as TNT with all the activities we've already done in the last few months and what's coming in fiscal year 2021, we now have a fantastic network on the ground in Europe and we will leverage that for B2B and B2C traffic. And as far as air, as we said, we probably – early in the calendar year 2022, we'll have the air networks integrated, but I think with TNT as now – as part of the portfolio, we have a great opportunity to really improve the revenue and profit profile in Europe, B2B and B2C.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me also add here that the Freight team has done such a phenomenal job of managing revenue quality over the last few months and years. And I think as much as all the things that John talked about added to the result of base business, the way they managed it is really phenomenal. So, hats off to the team.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah, I'm just going to add to the same point that strategically leaning into e-commerce and all the moves that we made earlier in the year about seven-day and the large package moves, as well as the SmartPost, those are all right moves. It just – the market just accelerated and we're strategically – we are extremely well-positioned to play in e-commerce and B2B, of course.
Don Colleran: Scott, thanks for the question. We continue to see strong activity on both the transpacific lane, coming both to the United States, as well as the back door in Europe. We continue to run our [P9.5] [ph] schedule, but what we're seeing because of the significant reduction in passenger capacity, most of the passenger airlines were essentially running anywhere between 10% and 15% of the normal flight activity on a year-over-year basis. It's obviously presented some opportunities for us on the supply and demand cycle. On the transpacific, we run anywhere between 30 and 50 extra sections a week supported by charter activity and we're beginning to see that activity pick up on the transatlantic as well. So as we optimize our network here globally and reposition aircraft to take advantage of that, we think the transatlantic, once the demand begins to pick up a little bit more on the European side, is an opportunity for us there as well. As we've talked about before, in any typical year, almost 70% of the commercial cargo that moves between the U.S. and Europe moves in the bellies of the passenger airlines. So, even as these aircraft slowly come back on online, they'll be nowhere near where they need to be to meet what we think will be the demand as the European economy begins to awaken. We think that puts us in a position to take advantage of this global fleet that we operate around the world.
Don Colleran: Sure, thanks, Raj. Let me try to provide a little bit of color to what we're doing at Express on our transformation journey. So, as we transition to 2021 and 2022 and beyond, for us it obviously starts with our profitable and optimal growth strategy. We work very closely with our commercial partners both in sales and marketing to ensure that we're getting the proper top-line growth. So, any ongoing business concern, you need to be growing the top-line and taking market share, we're clearly focused on that. What I'm really excited about is the introduction, as Raj mentioned, of our new mega region approach, essentially taken our international regions and global regions from six to three. Not only does it add a level of efficiency and effectiveness, but it adds a tremendous amount of velocity into our decision-making process. So, we did not only have the right construct in place, but I'm really excited about the people that we have in the folks that we have running that organization, I think, and I expect great things from them going forward. On the transformation side, this is a global initiative. Each of our mega regions has a significant role in that transformation. It's just not the U.S or Europe or in international play. We're going to do this in a very collaborative fashion. So the transformation begins with the reengineering of the airline. As Raj told you, we had effectively reengineered the network to take out almost 7% of our flight hours in this particular quarter. And then opportunity presented itself to redeploy those assets in a very accretive way, which we've done. On the transformation side, you've heard us talk about our Last Mile Optimization programs in terms of building, as Henry and Raj talked about, that Last Mile Optimization to assist in the delivery density for residential packages. So there is a series of initiatives, strategies and tactics we have in place. And as Alan said earlier, I'm very optimistic as well on the things we can control, and our ability to execute is coming at a very high level. So assuming a normal environment and assuming the focus on those issues that are controllable, we feel like we're in a good place on our transformation at Express.
Don Colleran: Hey, Ben. We built Home Delivery from scratch inside of Ground. So that should maybe answer part of your question.
Henry Maier: David, this is Henry Maier. First, we run one of the most highly automated networks in the world, if not the most highly automated. Operating a seven-day network gives us the ability to efficiently utilize our assets seven days a week. The large package facilities that we've added over the last year, year and a half, put those package characteristics in a building that's more efficient and able to handle them, but it also makes hubs and automated stations more efficient, because it gets those packages off the belt and off the sorter. We talked to you before about the SmartPost transition into Ground that provides us with much better delivery density and the technology we have deployed over the last year in dynamic route optimization maximizes the stops per vehicle in the network while affording those businesses route sequencing that drives fewest number of miles between stops.
Henry Maier: Yeah, I don't know whether I have anything to add to any of that. I would just say again, I mean, the biggest driver in this business is delivery density and putting a very efficient fleet of vehicles on the street everyday with the technology tools necessary to ensure we have the lowest unit cost.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Thanks, Alan. Well, let me just talk about a couple of things here. One is the regional sort facilities are low cost, mainly short-haul inbound sortation facilities. I mean, it's brilliant with the team came up here, because we can put them up pretty quickly in existing buildings and they are nowhere near as expensive as building a hub. Longer term, and I guess shorter term and longer term and near term and longer term, I think the bigger issue we have with respect to your question, Brian, is van positions and the ability to load vans in existing end of line stations. We use a lot of very novel, quite inexpensive material handling for that. But sooner or later, you just run out of parking and you run out of van positions. So we're going to have to do something in that regard, probably more so than we've done in the past, given the network changes we're seeing in the business as the network get shorter.
Henry Maier: I'm sorry. There were a lot of moving parts there. So let me just say, I think we've covered the CapEx capacity question. And, I mean, it's something that we spend a lot of time on here. We manage it all the time. We've got great engineers here that plan this network several years in advance. We are, as Alan said, prudent users of the shareholders' money here. We don't invest in things that don't produce a return, but all that being said, sooner or later, you run out of space and capacity for the volume we're seeing. Right now, we don't see in the near term a problem if B2B comes back. But, nevertheless, we're going to continue to invest in this network so we can continue to grow it. Thanks.
Brie Carere: No. I certainly have covered the revenue quality. We're very, very pleased what the team has done commercially on the revenue per piece from a B2C perspective. Overall, very, very happy with the capture on the surcharge. We're trying to implement a two-tiered strategy where we actually push the revenue quality for the customers that create the surge, while protecting our small customer share, and that's worked out quite effectively. We continue to have very rigorous conversations with our largest customers as we head into peak planning, trying to find win-win solutions, but, overall, the revenue quality team has just done some tremendous work last quarter and anticipate that will continue.
Brie Carere: Structurally, we do. Obviously, as I mentioned in my script, that we believe that e-commerce will remain elevated as a percentage of retail and that obviously capacity is a finite commodity in the market. We see a very rational market and we really see a great partnership with our largest customers. So, we are working with them absolutely to find a win-win solution, but part of that is that we will, as I mentioned, implement peak surcharges. This is part of the new normal. It will not be just for this fiscal year, but I anticipate customers to pay more for pricing in November and December moving forward. And I do think that, that will be a structural shift in the market.
Brie Carere: I think as Alan mentioned, you know I'm obviously not going to forecast volumes into FY 2021, but what I certainly can tell you is, I believe that the e-commerce change is structural. We have seen a huge uptick in the categories that people are willing to purchase online, certainly moved into a higher value. We saw this trend obviously pre-COVID, but it has accelerated when you think about things like furniture, large packages, high-value electronics. In addition, we saw a huge change in who is buying online, over 65 finally moved to online. From an e-commerce perspective, I do not anticipate that these buying behaviors will revert back, post-COVID. You might see some as a percentage of e-commerce decrease as retail itself grows. But overall, I believe that e-commerce will continue to stay elevated, and that will create strong demand for Ground for some time in the future.
Alan Graf: Hey, Jack. This is Alan. Let me take my – give my friends a rest over here. I think they're showing up in the fourth quarter. I don't know anybody's making margins in Ground like we are, not even close. We're operating wide open, full throttle, seven days a week at max peak capacity. When you do that, you incur a lot of cost until you can get your feet on the ground, because it came on upon us so rapidly. So there'll be a period of time, remember, when we continue to catch up with our sorting facilities and our capabilities and our independent service provider get their legs under their feet on a more consistent basis and more routine. Obviously, residential deliveries in the growth of B2C are less productive than B2B. But as Brie mentioned in her opening remarks, B2B is coming back. So, we're working on every single aspect we can, mix, small and medium customers and costs. And I think I mentioned lowering cost twice in my opening remarks, and we're seeing that happening. So I think that's the answer. I mean we're going to continue to leverage this network. We'll get our feet under us and we're going to continue to deliver good results, I believe.
Alan Graf: Again, I can't tell you much about 2021 because I just don't have a feel for what's happening as – nor does anyone else. I mean, the virus is seemingly coming back in a lot of states, openings are slowing down. People are delaying their openings. Microsoft shut in retail stores. Just a lot of things that are going on here that make it extremely difficult to answer that question. I can tell you from a strategic standpoint, I feel extremely confident about where we are if things go well, but that's a strategic comment not an FY 2021 comment, along the lines of how Raj answered that question.
Alan Graf: Scott, who is going to be President of the United States? That will help me a lot with the tax rate. Also, obviously, revenues and profitability and where they are around the globe, so the tax rate, it's pretty wide range for me right now. I'd tell you, I'm really proud of our tax team to be doing what they've done and how they held it down in FY 2020, which was spectacular. I believe Brie did discuss how we came off the bottom pretty nicely in April and we improved, and so that's in history. That's in the rearview mirror. It's anybody's guess about going forward, but I think we're well-positioned, if we can continue.
Alan Graf: Yes. And, Ken, obviously, we know where the biggest cash flows are coming from inside the company right now. So, we are going to continue to invest heavily in Ground and Ground will not see any reduction, probably an increase year-over-year in the amount of capital that we put in and doing a great job with it. They're figuring out very creative ways how to make it be more productive and obviously with seven days a week, wide open, they're sweating their assets a lot more. So, it's just a spectacular performance.
Alan Graf: Helane, you might imagine, though, that we always think about this from a lot of different reasons, mostly not political, mostly natural disasters so that we have – as you know, we have hubs all over the globe and we can react if we need to.
Alan Graf: Hey, Bascome, if you'd have been sitting in my shoes, you'd have tried to even get a wider leniency on our debt covenants. Because we had no idea where this was going, and so we did what we thought was the best balance between increasing our liquidity significantly enough to what we thought might be the worst case to make sure that we could maintain our operations because we are an essential service and we felt it was important to do that. So that didn't have anything to do with our corporate strategy other than simply that. In fact, it's our objective over the next few years to begin to improve our balance sheet significantly by obviously growing the equity part and cash flows and paying down some of this debt. And, of course, we aren't going to comment on any corporate development activities.
Alan Graf: I would say that, thank goodness that we had a seven-day network when this absolute tsunami of packages hit us because it helped us manage and smooth the ability to deliver all those packages that we otherwise not would have had. So, it was a positive in the quarter.
