Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred and good morning. First, I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate Fred’s comments and thank our team members as they work around the clock to deliver the holidays for customers worldwide. The dedication of our team members combined with the investments that we have made in our networks have allowed us to deliver outstanding results despite weather and all the challenges that we encounter during the holiday season.  While we are still in the heart of peak season, there are several trends and developments that are affecting the season, including labor issues at the West Coast ports that have affected productivity and impacted retailers’ ability to get inventory where it’s needed and when it is needed. This issue has impacted our operations as we’ve made adjustments to capacity in key markets to support our customers facing these ongoing port slowdowns.  In some situations, the slowdowns have caused unexpected shifts in retail and etail customer needs in certain markets and we put limits on customer volumes in order to ensure we meet our service commitments. Despite these challenges and significant weather events during the peak season both in the Northeast and on the West Coast, I am proud to report that we’ve been able to maintain outstanding levels of service across our networks.  We’ve already delivered multiple days this peak season that ranked among the busiest in the history of the company and our service levels have been terrific.  Also, I want to briefly discuss the two acquisitions that were announced this week that are transformative in terms of the FedEx portfolio of ecommerce and supply chain solutions. GENCO is one of the largest third-party logistics providers in North America. They have a broad range of product lifecycle and supply chain services that will significantly expand our portfolio, including a market leading position in returns, test and repair, remarketing and product liquidation. GENCO processes more than 600 million return items annually from many of the world’s leading brands.  In Bongo International, we’ve acquired a leader in global cross-border ecommerce technology and solutions. Bongo’s technology and processes provide a comprehensive end to end solution that helps retailers and etailers grow by reaching international ecommerce consumers. Bongo is delivering cross-border enablement solutions to a base of more than 2000 retailers to more than 200 countries worldwide. These acquisitions will transform our global portfolio through the addition of new best-in-class ecommerce and supply chain management solutions.  Moving on to our overall economic outlook, the fundamentals of the US economy continue to improve and expectation is for real GDP growth to average around 3% for the next several quarters. Our US GDP forecast is 3.1% for calendar ‘15 and we expect industrial production to grow at 3.9% in calendar ’15.  Global economic growth is expected to broaden with the US leading and emerging markets picking up. We expect global growth of 3% in calendar ’15.  Now let me make a couple of comments regarding the company's yield performance by segment. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields declined slightly by 0.4%. While we experienced a positive impact from rate and discount, it was more than offset by a lower weight per package due to an increase in e-commerce and telecommunications traffic.  In the ground segment, yield per package excluding Smart Post increased 3.3% year-over-year, excluding the fuel surcharge, driven primarily by rate and discount. For Smart Post, yield increased 7.8% year-over-year without fuel, which was driven by a change in customer mix.  In the international export segment, excluding fuel, yield per package increased 0.7% which again was driven by a product mix and rate and discount. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 2.3% at FedEx Freight. The increase was driven by rate and discount and changes in weight per shipment.  And now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf. 
Mike Glenn: I just had a couple comments. Genco’s expertise in infrastructure and targeted verticals and specifically in technology, healthcare and retail all complement the FedEx portfolio of services and those have been industry segments we’ve been interested in for a long, long time. In my opening remarks, I mentioned that Genco processes more than 600 million return items annually and that's a critical decision criteria when developing relationships with our e-commerce customers. I don’t have to tell this group that returns in the e-commerce segment are more important issue than they are in a typical retail channel, represent a larger percentage of overall sales. So it's critical we have these capabilities and as Fred mentioned Genco is the perfect partner.
Mike Glenn: I would add just a couple of comments on peak in general. I think we've seen some shifts here that will be positives for the long haul and that is demand is really shifting more towards the entire peak season rather than on specific days. I'm sure you've noticed that the Black Friday and Cyber Monday events have become more of weeklong events to really de-pressurize those days a bit and I think those are challenges that that e-commerce companies and retailers are working through but I think will be a positive impact on the peak season overall going forward.
Mike Glenn: We have an email question coming in from William Flinn from Potomac, and the question is - in the second quarter, Freight revenues were up 11% and operating income was up 45%; how much of this excellent execution was due to yield initiatives versus market share gains? We did have an excellent quarter at FedEx Freight and I am particularly proud of the collaboration between our sales and marketing team and the freight operations team. We spent a lot of time working to make sure that we get the right amount of traffic in the network at the right yields. And the answer to the question is the combination of both. We continue to take share in the segment. Due to our industry-leading value proposition and our sales team is executing crisply and I need to mention our pricing team as well, they've done a phenomenal job working with our sales and operations team to make sure that we’re getting the traffic in at the right yields to ensure that drops to the bottom line. So it's a terrific quarter for Freight. We’re very proud of that, we’re very proud of the collaboration we have with the Freight team. 
Mike Glenn: And let me correct I read the question as submitted, it said operating income was up 45%, as Bill noted, it was actually up 35%. But I read the question as submitted.
Mike Glenn: Yes, let me make a comment and kind of give you an analogy. One of the strategic moves that we made in the FedEx Freight network was to adjust the network so that whether we grew in priority or economy freight we benefited from that and a lot of our strategy in the international line haul network and providing the flexibility in the network has been designed around that same philosophy. So while we do expect to see some lift, those things tend not to happen as fast as you might think and so the network design we have in place allows us to flex based upon demand so we're quite comfortable with where we sit at this point. 
Mike Glenn: Well of course a lot of the traffic that moves through the postal service actually moves on our line haul network. So we see that day in and day out and we have a very good relationship with the postal service. I'm assuming you're talking about some of the pricing changes they've made to address really the low weight segment in order to take advantage of some ecommerce capabilities. I think the thing you need to keep in mind is their network is very different than ours. They tend to operate smaller vehicles that really cube out pretty quickly as opposed to the network we have in place. The lighter weight ecommerce traffic that we target, we try to push through Smart Post which moves actually the final mile in most cases through the postal service for final delivery.  So the heavier weight traffic which is more in tune with our sweet spot and the home delivery network and the express network is actually not the traffic that they've targeted with their price decreases. So there are a lot of moving parts to that question but again the postal service plays an important role in our value proposition by providing that last mile delivery and you are seeing more consumers and etailers utilize Smart Post and direct injection models through the postal service because it facilitates free shipping, which is a key promotional tool. So we're seeing a lot of that in the ecommerce sector and we're benefiting from a lot of that. 
Mike Glenn: Yes, Tom. When you get right down to it, the fuel surcharges at all of our operating companies are a pricing tool index to the price of fuel and of course we review those on a regular basis and make adjustments based upon market conditions. But if you take Express and Ground for example, the changes we're going to be making to the design are largely or at least in partly designed to reduce the volatility of the surcharges for our customers. It's also important to note that how customers view surcharges differs in the parcel segment versus the freight.  In the parcel segments, customers tend to look at the fuel surcharge as part of the overall rate the customer pays and the freight segment, it's more put aside and the customer is more focused on the base rate and not as much on the fuel surcharge. So it really does differ by segment and of course as I mentioned what we try to do is to review these on an annual basis and make adjustments based upon market conditions.
Mike Glenn: Just to add, the density-based pricing is something we already offer to select customers and we will continue to do so. We find it offers a more simplified alternative to the classification based system which is extremely complex and quite frankly out-dated. So I think it would benefit the industry as a whole to move to more simplified pricing structure and get away from the classification system. But obviously the market will dictate that. 
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. We had a spectacular second quarter as our earnings per share grew 36% to $2.14. Corporate margin rose 120 basis points year-over-year to 8.5%. Revenue grew 5% to $11.9 billion from increased volumes and generally higher base yields, which drove a significant increase in earnings for each of our transportation segments.  At Express, Q2 operating income increased 36% and operating margin increased 170 basis points year-over-year, driven by the revenue growth in our US and international export business, cost management related to the profit improvement program and lower pension expense.  US domestic volumes increased 7% in Q2 driven by both overnight and deferred service offerings. And international export volumes increased 2%. The net impact of fuel had only a slight benefit to operating income. Maintenance and repairs expense increased 16% due to the timing of aircraft maintenance events. Operating expense growth was favourably impacted by the profit improvement actions at Express.  Turning to ground, segment revenues increased 8% due to volume and yield growth at ground and yield growth at Smart Post, partially offset by lower volumes at Smart Post. Average daily volume at ground increased 5% and operating income increased 6% driven by higher revenue per package and the volume increase. Higher network expansion costs partially offset the increase in operating income as we continued to invest in the high margin higher ROIC growing ground businesses.  Freight had another great quarter with 35% higher operating income and operating margin up 130 basis points year-over-year. Higher less-than truckload revenue per shipment and higher average daily LTL shipments drove operating income and margin higher. Average LTL shipments increased daily 8% and revenue increased 11% year-over-year.  I want to speak a little about our fuel surcharge and our fuel surcharge tables. FedEx regular reviews its fuel surcharge tables and will update certain tables at Express, Ground, and Freight effective February 2, 2015.  While second quarter results benefitted slightly year-over-year from the net impact of fuel, due to lower fuel prices this year versus last, the year-over-year reduction in fuel surcharge revenue largely offset the benefit of the lower fuel prices.  Understanding the net year-over-year impact to fuel on our results involves three key considerations: timing lags and adjustments to our fuel surcharges; the structure of the fuel surcharge tables and the manner in which we purchase fuel.  Our fuel surcharges for Express and Ground incorporate a timing lag of approximately 6 to 8 weeks before they are adjusted for changes in fuel prices. For example, fuel surcharge index in effect at Express in November was set based on September fuel prices. Additionally, the structure of the fuel surcharge tables for Express and Ground does not adjust for direct changes in fuel price but allows for the fuel surcharge revenue charge to your customers to remain unchanged as long as fuel prices remain within certain bands.  Finally, we purchase fuel under our contractual arrangements tied to various indices around the world. Approximately 75% of our jet fuel is purchased based on the index price for the preceding week with the remainder of our purchases tied to the index for the preceding month, rather than based on daily spot rates. While the daily spot price of jet fuel declined almost 30% from the end of August to the end November, the average monthly price we paid for jet fuel under our contractual arrangements did not change by a corresponding amount. As a result, the average price per gallon for jet fuel in Q2 only declined 8% quarter over quarter or 10% year-over-year.  Collectively, these three considerations affect the net impact of fuel on our results in the short term. An expanded discussion of the net impact of fuel is available in our first quarter 10-Q and will also be available in the second quarter 10-Q when filed tomorrow.  Turning now to the outlook. Based on the economic outlook that Mike outlined, we reaffirm our FY15 earnings-per-share forecast of $8.50 to $9. The outlook assumes continued moderate economic growth and modest net benefit from fuel. We expect revenue and earnings growth to continue for the rest of the year as moderate global economic growth drives volume and yield. Our results could be constrained by the funding of incentive compensation programs.  Our FY15 results will continue to benefit from the profit improvement programs and will also benefit from lower pension expense.  In closing, I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication during our very busy peak season. I'm very proud to be part of such an amazing team. We will open the call for questions. 
Alan Graf: As to the Genco question, of course there are revenue synergies. We love this acquisition for all the reasons that Mike outlined and for that fact, and we are excited, can’t wait to get it closed and get it working for us.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I think we’re continuing to do exactly what we described we were going to do. The revenue outlook at Express particularly in the domestic business is very good because services are still outstanding. Our costs at Express are significantly prominently lower than they would have been had we not done the profit improvement program, and those are going to carry through throughout. We haven't backfilled one person and don't intend to. So it’s steady as she goes. We’re exactly where we told you we would be when we had our fourth quarter earnings call for the year and we will just continue sailing.  As far as fuel as I said, very little improvement for the year as a result of fuel based on where our new fuel surcharge tables will be and where we think fuel will be. So we’re getting in from the old-fashioned way which is good solid service and unbelievable cost management. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I would also say that – reference back to what Mike said, looks like peak is more spread out than in years past. So while we had a great November at Ground, it was a little bit lower than we had planned for and we put in all that peak planning cost and everything. So it had a little bit of an impact and as we noted, Smart Post is down year-over-year because of one customer. So we’re very happy with where ground is. It’s going to continue to have a great year and a great next year. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. We are going to continue to buy back shares. We will probably do at a lower pace than we did when we did the initial one. We’re certainly going to at least prevent dilution from our comp programs. We may or may not go further than that. We also review our dividend at the end of every fiscal year with our board and you should not assume that the Genco and Bongo acquisitions only way we’re going to change that because we have plenty of cash flow to go around to solve both of those issues. 
Alan Graf: It's Alan. Dave can add to this. It's timing. It has to do largely with MD10s and to some extent MD11 engine maintenance. It will probably continue in the third quarter and then it will start to mitigate and we should see much more normal comparisons going forward from there. It was expected, it was in our guidance, we needed to do it particularly on the MD10s to keep the reliability up and that's why we are getting 767s. 
Alan Graf: We are not going to disclose what we paid for Genco at this point. We will, down the road. I'll let Dave handle the maintenance thing and oh, by the way Scott, I know you were disappointed in our results but I sure am not. 
Alan Graf: Tom, thanks for the question. I'll start and let Mike add some more color. Everything else being equal lower fuel prices helps elasticity at Express by having a lower surcharge. And there is a trade up factor just as there's a trade down factor when prices are extremely high. But I did quantify that by saying everything else being equal because lower oil prices seem to be roiling some of the markets at the moment and people are still trying to figure out what it means particularly if you're in a oil business and what it means for capital expenditures for the oil and exploration companies and how that impacts the economy and everything else. So there's a big impact all around and of course we provide service for their machine parts and other things that they need to get on just in time basis to where they need to be. So there are so many things that impact this, it's hard to just nail that through the wall but maybe Mike can add to that. 
Alan Graf: Okay. Well remember that since we are not a big manufacturing company we can adjust our pricing very quickly based on dramatic changes in foreign exchange. We expect the dollar to strengthen as is everybody else and of course in areas where we are profitable, that will be a very good thing for us. But it's really got a very minimal impact to our overall P&L because the way that we’re able to manage the pricing side of the house which has been very beneficial to us.
Alan Graf: Jeff, this is Alan. Well, I think again there was probably a little over estimation about the benefit from fuel for us for the year, so we don't see that. We think it's still going to be slight so that's what's in the guidance but I haven't given you FY16 yet. So that's coming pretty soon. 
Henry Maier: Hi Robert, this is Henry Maier. Q2 margins declined slightly due to investments in our network, many of which were in preparation for peak. The calendar this year was the same as last year. There’s only one more shopping day between Black Friday and Christmas Eve. Many of these peak related investments are driven by what customers tell us they think their volumes will be during the holiday season. So most of what you're seeing in margin decline is the result of short-term investments we make for peak. Now let me say this. Once peak ends, we will share [ph] this cost as quickly as we possibly can and we remain committed to high teens margins in the ground segment.
Henry Maier: This is Henry Maier. Can I just add something here at the end? Genco is a company that we have admired for many years. Culture is, we believe, a perfect alignment with the FedEx culture as Fred and Mike have said they have an excellent management team. And like FedEx Ground, Genco was proud to call Pittsburgh home and I think this just reinforces our commitment to the region. 
Henry Maier: Ken, this is Henry Maier. I mean concerning the ground margins, there is nothing unusual here. I mean we plan for peak every year, it’s a 12 month exercise. We start working with customers in August based on what they tell us they are going to need in terms of capacity for the peak season. We make peak investments accordingly. The rest of this is just normal network investments for organic growth.
Henry Maier: Art, it’s Henry Maier. I guess I'd answer that both. November volumes were softer than our expectations but you need to know that this is not at all unusual in this new ecommerce economy. Over the last several peak seasons we have regularly observed situations where volume hasn't always come where we expected it or come when we expected it but one thing has been certain, it always comes. 
Dave Bronczek: Yes, hi, this is Dave Bronczek. First of all, we are able to participate quite a lot. We have extra sections that we can fly into Asia. We've done that consistently through the months now in December. We've seen a lot of demand quite frankly that has come along because of what Mike pointed out on the port issue in Long Beach. So yes we have tight capacity but we’re able to manage our capacity globally because of our extra sections that we can put in. So I would say that from a perspective -- from Express’ point of view we’ve been very very successful in managing through this. 
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Again just one more thing to add to what Mike said. We’re seeing strong demand obviously through December. It's been more rational though it’s been spread out. The volumes have been strong but our service has been outstanding. We've had good weather to go along with it but I just wanted to make that point as well.
Dave Bronczek: Well let me start off. This is Dave Bronczek again. Our profit improvement plan is working, it’s on tract, our management team is successfully executing, I am very very proud of them. Along with the profit improvement, our service has been outstanding as well. I wanted to make that point to our management team. But from a profit improvement perspective, in Q2 fuel had a slight positive to FedEx Express. I know many of you had written that our profits for the quarter would be very high relatively speaking and they are – we’re up 36%, 170 basis points but only a slight improvement in fuel that went along with that. And when you think about it, our expenses were only up 1% for the quarter -- and for the quarter and our volumes were up 7% in the US, 2% internationally, and as Mike pointed our yields were all up. So our profit improvement plan is really driving most of our success.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave. Absolutely. We do believe that's correct. We've positioned our global powerful network around the world with exactly the right infrastructure, we have the 777s of course that are now flying non-stop out of Asia Pacific and around the world. So we think that the decrease in oil is going to have an increase in customers demand for higher yielding products. 
Dave Bronczek: Well, Alan said it, and I think it’s in the press release. Our fourth quarter aircraft maintenance costs subside, so that's probably what you're looking for and it's in the written report. Even with the 16% increase in aircraft maintenance expense this quarter, our all up expense for the quarter was 1%. 
Dave Bronczek: Yes, hi, this is Dave. Our aircraft maintenance is flat year-over-year and it subsides, the costs still of course continue but they continue at a lower level. 
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. I just wanted to go back and make the point again on our expenses and our costs. Our aircraft maintenance costs were actually less in Q2 than they were in Q1. 
Dave Bronczek: David, this is Dave Bronczek. It's relatively flat still. I mean you still have a lot of extra capacity in the underbellies of a lot of the passenger airlines and so forth. So I would say that right at the moment to Fred’s earlier point because of the port issues we have seen some increases there on rates and on freight. But generally speaking it’s flat.  End of Q&A
Bill Logue: I will jump in; this is Bill. And again as Mike said, we’re very pleased with the quarter, up 35% in OI and we’ve seen some great performance in the revenue quality area and commitments from all the sales team, our pricing team and partners. So that’s very encouraging going forward. And again the ops team continue to do a great job in the frontline service to our employees – to our customers and that’s where we’re seeing outstanding continued growth in our business. So we’re very pleased with the quarter.
Bill Logue: Yes, Scott, this is Bill. Again, good quarter up 35% on the operating income and in the quarter we took a well deserved pay increase in October for our frontline teams, so between that and other compensations and healthcare costs, that was a pretty big headwind on our numbers and we still came back with a 35% improvement. So again we're pretty excited about that and going forward we'll have a little bit of headwind in Q3, Q4 from the October pay increases but again we're still very excited about where we're going here in the second half. 
Bill Logue: Hey David, it’s Bill. I will jump in first. Yes, we are rolling out right now some of the dimensional overhead machines to kind of take a good look at it. Again we look at it in kind of three ways; one, you can capture some instantaneous revenue and get accurate dims on existing shipments but also it's a very good tool for us to continue to improve pricing, knowledge of what’s actually moving to our systems, so that’s kind of where we’re going there. I think as far as dim technology, again we have -- we have opportunities to currently with some customers to use some dim pricing, but again long-term that is a key objective of ours to keep on moving both our business that way. And again I think as we try to become freight – FedEx becomes a significant part of our business we want to make sure that we’re also able to give customers the parcel side of the business the same type of deals that they deal with everyday on the parcel side. We’re working hard at it and Mike’s marketing team spends a lot of time kind of working this issue and leading it for us.
Bill Logue: Well, I think the reality is that the container lines and FedEx trade networks and the other NVOCCs as you mentioned found that the die was cast by the time it became clear that the port issues were going to be a big problem. If you followed the negotiations out there it was really only obvious in November that the slowdown was taking place. And I don't know the details of that but certainly, certain people in the shipping industry have said this work to rule activity in the ports is the cause of traffic taking a couple of weeks to get through the ports in what should have been two to three, four days. So that's a very big deal in terms of the inventory decisions that were made last spring and the shipping plans that were put in place last summer.  So I don't think you should think about the fact that all of a sudden this slowdown happened and everything moved by air because what drives the movement of goods by air more than any other thing is the value per pound and there may be some closing samples that go air express or move by air but the vast majority of apparel is never going to move by air simply because the price point of the goods won't justify the much higher cost of moving by air. So a lot of people get that mixed up. It's only on the margins that surface to air makes sense.  Now longer term as Alan said the elasticities are very important there because markets are logical. The biggest effect I think as I mentioned a moment ago on the peak season is that there are a lot of not in stock situations among all the retailers. We have a lot of expertise and within the company and even on our board of directors in this sector and I think you're going to hear this from a lot of the retailers when they report their results. So I hope that clarifies some of this thing. I don't want people to go away from this and think there's a systemic shift from sea to air because of a short-term issue here. That just won't happen. 
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me put a little color on an issue that I think has been underreported and I suspect you're going to hear a lot more about in January when the retailers start putting their results out. The slowdown in the West Coast ports has been a much bigger deal than people think and a tremendous amount of inventory was simply not put through the ports in the timeframe that the retailers had expected. This in turn has led to a lot of not in stocks and one of the things that Henry has had to deal with that's extremely important is that because these delays at the port, at the West Coast ports and the East Coast ports because a lot of people saw this coming and diverted traffic into the East Coast ports, we received a lot of traffic on the two coasts which normally we would have anticipated getting from distribution centers in the middle of the country. So we've had to move power where the customers needed it but that has slowed down a lot of the retailing activity in late November and early December and led to a lot of not in stock. So I suspect that you'll see a lot of purchases of gift cards in lieu of merchandise and in January you'll see some of that traffic moving in the truckload sector and elsewhere into the retailing brick and mortar system.  The second thing that's very different this year and it's something that you should pay attention to is a lot of traditional retailers have gotten very, very good at ecommerce in terms of their marketing and their apps and their ability to sell things online. What they haven't gotten as good at in some cases is processing those orders and getting them out the door and so some of the major retailers that we deal with particularly in Henry's organization were telling us in November that they were seeing orders but the orders were backlogged. And so we are seeing a great deal of that traffic now moving into the December timeframe but I do think you'll see when the retailers report their results that the West Coast port issue has been a bigger deal for the peak season than most people have thought it was to date. 
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me make one other point here which is essentially you understand and Dave Bronczek's results, his expenses are only up 1% but the Express unit also had a wage increase effective on the first of October as we did corporate wide and in the United States network. And so his productivity is absorbing a lot of expense increase in addition to benefiting from the macro profit improvement program. 
Fred Smith: Well, Alan and I both have commented on our criteria for acquisitions and they are threefold. First, there has to be a compelling strategic rationale and that was certainly the case in Genco as I mentioned a few moments ago. We've identified for several years in our strategic management committee and at the board level the gaps in our portfolio that we would like to fill either on a build or buy basis. So if an acquisition comes on the horizon we are certainly interested in that and I would say that clearly, we like non-asset intensive parts of our portfolio because they tend to add to our overall returns on invested capital as well as broadening our portfolio and we are selling a portfolio. We've got some wonderful advertising at the moment that makes that point very clearly.  So all things being equal, of course, we would rather have things that are non-asset intensive than things that are asset intensive. That's basically what most of Wall Street thinks about every day and to some degree, too much so in my opinion to the detriment of job creation and increased income for our citizens.  The second criteria that we have is there a good fit in terms of the culture and the technologies, because most acquisitions founder on one of those two bases and then the third thing which my partner is sitting right beside me here feels very strongly about, you can't overpay. I mean why I go buy something which destroys shareholder value, so that's our criteria for investment. We certainly like non-asset intensive parts of our portfolio because they are complementary but it's basically those three criteria. Strategic fit, culture and technology makes sense as we said before that's the case at Genco in a very big way and third, the numbers have to make sense.
