Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon, and welcome to our call. Strong fourth quarter results completed an outstanding fiscal 2017. We boosted long-term value for share owners, delivered an outstanding peak season with our highest ever volumes and service levels, invested heavily in several strategic areas and managed yields and volumes extremely well. Revenues surpassed $60 billion for the fiscal year. Adjusted earnings were a record $12.30 per share. Continued investments, integration and innovations should improve margins, cash flows, returns and earnings per share over the next several years. Modernizing the FedEx aircraft fleet and expanding FedEx Ground capacity continue to be major strategic programs, while the integrations of TNT, FedEx Supply Chain and FedEx CrossBorder are filling strategic gaps in our global portfolio. FY '17 saw many FedEx innovations such as expanding our network of convenient, pick-up and drop-off locations, advanced IT technologies and new services. We enter FY '18 confident FedEx Corporation will continue to deliver outstanding value and opportunities for share owners, customers and team members. In this regard, thanks as always to our more than 400,000 members of the FedEx team around the world for their commitment to our Purple Promise, which states simply, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now I'll turn the call over to my colleagues, Raj, Alan and Dave, for their perspectives. After which, we will answer a number of your questions.
Frederick Smith: Questions here on CapEx from Donald Brodner of Broaden Capital or Hatfield and Management Peak Advisors, Scott Group of Wolfe Research, Tom Wadewitz of UBS and Helane Becker of Cowen. So Alan, why don't you take that? I hope everybody heard that. I had my mic off. There's a lot of questions on CapEx, about 5 of them, so Alan's going to consolidate all of them.
Frederick Smith: Okay. Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. About a year ago, you implemented an additional surcharge on unauthorized oversized Ground shipments, which, at the time, represented about 10% of Ground volumes. Can you talk about whether you've seen any slowdown in the growth of these packages, if they still account for some or percentage of total volumes? And if it has not, do you expect to take any further price action? Raj or Henry will take that.
Frederick Smith: So I'm going to give Jairam Nathan of Daiwa another shot at this, but I'm going to consolidate 3 of your questions into 1. I think you want to know everything about Mike Ducker, including his hat size here on the Freight side. But do you see faster adoption of technology by the trucking industry offering a competitive advantage over railroads and the intermodal market? With regard to LTL, would the company be depending on autonomous driving by truck manufacturers and Silicon Valley software companies? And what is FedEx strategy or thinking with regard to technological advancements like self-driving trucks and drones? So Mike Ducker, answer all of those as you would like.
Frederick Smith: So we have a number of questions surrounding the peak surcharge and peak season pricing and yields in residential e-commerce. So Ari Ashe of Transport Topics asked this week, your chief rival, UPS, announced a $0.27 to $0.97 package fee during the Christmas holiday season. Does FedEx plan to do the same thing? From Christian Wetherbee of Citi, will you implement a similar initiative around peak season pricing as UPS announced yesterday? How positive a sign is it that UPS is beginning to push harder on price? And from David Vernon of Bernstein, how much room does the company see in its ability to drive up yields in residential e-commerce? And what are the driving or constraining factors? So I'll ask Raj to deal with all those.
Frederick Smith: Now we are at FedEx Freight acquiring a significant number of the smaller 24 foot straight trucks with lifts because a fair amount of FedEx Freight shipments are going into neighbourhoods, and those are more compatible. So as the market turns more towards these oversized deliveries, I think you'll see FedEx Freight lean into that space in a big way.
Frederick Smith: So we have a question from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. For the past decade, FedEx appeared to focus on achieving high volume growth, especially in the Ground segment. However, in the past year, pricing appears to have accelerated, while volume growth has been slower. Was this by design? Let me take that. Of course, it was by design.
Frederick Smith: Yes, 0.5%. I'm sorry, I misspoke, 0.5%, not 5%. But that was due to the change in patterns of one customer. So the last one, we'll give it to Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Henry said that Ground probably will improve but didn't answer about Ground margins. And Scott, we're probably never going to answer you about it. That's why I keep saying this is FedEx Corporation and not FedEx Ground conference call. Henry told you that FedEx Ground would - is shooting for mid-teen margins. We're shooting at the corporate level for increased margins, cash flows, returns on capital, and we believe we will deliver that. And our corporate margins are expected to improve this year. So I think that is about all the questions that we have, and I'll turn it back over to Mickey.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. I open with our economic update and outlook and discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment, including revenue, volume and yield, and then provide some commentary on broader industry trends. We see moderate growth in the global economy. We expect U.S. GDP growth of 2.2% in calendar year '17 and 2.5% in calendar year '18. Consumer spending is solid. Investment and trade are rebounding, and measures of business confidence remain high. We see industrial production growth of 1.9% this year and 2.5% next year. For the global economy, we forecast GDP growth of 2.7% for calendar year '17 and 2.8% for calendar year '18. Now I'll review revenue, volume and yield trends by segment. We remain focused on pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes and increase yields across the portfolio. The U.S. Domestic Express package revenue grew 7% year-over-year in Q4. The yield per package increased 7%. Yield, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 4%, and Domestic Express package volume grew 0.3% year-over-year during the quarter. FedEx international export package revenue increased 8% year-over-year in Q4 and increased 4% if excluding fuel. FedEx International Priority volume increased 5%, while International Economy volume grew 6%. The international export package yields increased 2%. Excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, the yields were flat. The Ground segment revenue increased by 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, while average daily volume increased 3% year-over-year. Yield per package increased 7%. When you exclude fuel, the yield per package increased 6%. For the Freight segment, revenue increased 6% year-over-year in Q4. Average daily LTL shipments were flat, and this was partially driven by a stronger emphasis on pricing improvement. The revenue per LTL shipment increased 6%. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, the revenue per LTL shipment was up 4%. Now preparation is underway for the 2017 peak holiday shipping season. The expectation is for another record peak season with multiple days that'll set records for package pickup and delivery. We continue to work directly with relatively small number of large customers that drive the majority of the surge and demand to ensure that we have appropriate pricing related to volume expectations and capacity needs. We are focused on ensuring that we are compensated for the investments we make to deliver outstanding service during peak. We continue to consider additional peak pricing changes but have not made a final decision in this regard. We also continue to experience growth in demand for large, heavy package delivery as a growing array of items are now being sold online. Furniture, mattresses, sports and exercise equipment are increasingly moving to the FedEx Ground network for residential delivery. This trend has accelerated over the past 12 months, and we have made adjustments to facilities and investments in sortation technology that enable outstanding service for these larger packages. We're continuing to analyze pricing and surcharges for oversized packages to ensure that we have appropriate pricing for the service provided. Now I'll turn the call over to Alan Graf.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Helane, the short answer to your question is yes. As you all know, B2B traffic represents a majority of our business, and we just reported strong revenue growth in all our major business segments, domestic, Express, international, Ground and Freight for the quarter.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Sure. Scott, there are many factors that influence the global airfreight market, including GDP, trade, air capacity, currency exchange, et cetera, as you know. But it's important to delineate the door-to-door air express segment was the traditional air cargo segment. The air express segment has continued to grow faster than the air cargo segment in good times and in not-so-good times, and FedEx is extremely well positioned to succeed in this area with the combination of our unmatched global flight network and an array of commercial carriers to improve primarily our deferred traffic. So thanks.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Well, Allison, as I said in my opening remarks, we continue to experience a growth in demand for oversized packages. And if anything, the trend has accelerated. And as I said earlier, we're continuing to look at opportunities on the pricing front and we will make those changes as needed.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Okay. As I've mentioned before, we are continuing to work on several different options for peak pricing, but we have not made a final decision in this regard. I'm not ready to make an announcement yet. In terms of overall revenue volume and yields, we continue to focus on our pricing strategy as it allows us to balance volumes and increase yields across the portfolio. And again, to that question, all I can say is our results speak louder than any words that I can use.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Well, I have nothing much more to add than to say that we continue to work directly with our - some of our key customers in terms of making sure we have the right forecast for peak season so we can provide outstanding service. By the same token, we're also working with a small number of large customers that drive the majority of the surge. And so we should at least make sure that we have the appropriate pricing in place, so we get compensated for the investments we make as well. And as I said before, we continue to look at other changes, but no decision has been made in that regard.
Alan Graf: We have a great balance between wage and benefit increases offset by productivity gains resulting from investments in IT and automation and volume increases. So not an issue for us at the moment.
Alan Graf: Okay. Yes, there's questions about our process, about the significant increase year-over-year, which, previously, we had told you there probably wouldn't be one. So let me try to cover them all here and just bear with me. I'll try to hit every one of them. And if I don't get it exactly right, get back to Mickey, and we'll get you exactly what you're looking for. We have a large and growing capital-intensive business with many opportunities to invest. We have an extremely rigorous process that's designed to ensure that all of our capital expense and acquisition investments will provide strong positive cash flows and increase our returns over time. We use very conservative assumptions, and senior management is involved in all capital spending. Having said that, a lot of times, we talk about capital as a percent of revenue, and that is not a number that we manage to. It is a resulting number. We're managing to what we think our EBITDA is going to be and our after tax cash flows and what the opportunities we see out there to grow our businesses and our business lines to improve efficiency. We've got to take into consideration tax law, and certainly, bonus depreciation has driven us to spend more capital the last couple of years than otherwise would have been the case. Whatever the global GDP is going to be, we've given you some numbers that we think is still going to be moderate where we can get a competitive advantage and where it helps our long-term strategy. I think, again, the record speaks for itself. Our previous investments have been paying off, and the opportunities that we see in front of us in '18 are very clear. Most of the increase year-over-year is at the Express segment. We're going to take advantage of some opportunities on the fleet side of the house that we see possibly in front of us. Ground will have a slight increase, and Freight will actually have a decrease. So that explains the change, largely the under-spending of Ground in '17 and the increase in Express in '18 is why we're up to $5.9 billion. But we like what we're investing in, and it's going to be a key part of hitting the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion target that we've laid out for you in FY '20.
Alan Graf: I need to correct myself on one item. Freight's CapEx will increase in '18 over '17. I picked up a bad number. My apologies, Mike. I wasn't cutting your budget.
Henry Maier: We expect to have more than 90% of the network to have Ground and residential packages sorted in the same building by 2020. The key to this is technology and the integration of sortation tools and technology across the network.
Henry Maier: We remain committed to mid-teens margins at FedEx Ground. We expect FY '18 operating profit and cash flows to exceed FY '17.
Henry Maier: Okay. This is Henry Maier. As Raj said, we continue to see large-sized packages continue to grow. That's just the nature of e-commerce. We are making investments in material handling and lifting technologies to address that. We review hub designs over the normal course of business that account for package size. So that would divert packages, for instance, that we would have to handle manually today to a more automated mode.
Henry Maier: Well, I would say that FedEx Fulfillment is executing our expectations. We, on June 6, opened up a second facility in Fontana, California, which gives FedEx Fulfillment customers the ability to reach 94% of the U.S. population in 2 days or less. And we will continue to grow those facilities in capacity as customer demand dictates.
Henry Maier: Yes, as a matter of fact, there was. There was one customer loss that lapped the year there, so nothing out of the ordinary there. We make those portfolio decisions all the time at the FedEx Supply Chain.
