T. Glenn: Thank you, Fred, and good morning. FedEx expects moderate but below trend growth to continue in the U.S. and globally. We expect calendar year '12 U.S. GDP growth to be 2.1% and industrial production growth to be 3.9%. Our GDP outlook is slightly below the blue chip consensus of 2.3% noted in the March 10 release.  For calendar year '13, we expect GDP growth at 2.4% versus the consensus of 2.6%. We do expect inventory replenishment and business investment to lead growth in the next few months, and improvement in the job market should support a housing turnaround later this year.  Our calendar year world GDP forecast calls for 2.3% growth. We're forecasting a 1.1% GDP growth in developed countries and 5.2% growth in emerging markets. This forecast reflects a slight downgrade since our last earnings call, mostly based on the assumption of a mild recession in the Eurozone this year. Stability in the global oil market remains a macro risk factor.  Turning to yields, one of our primary focus areas, the sales revenue management and marketing teams continue to do an excellent job in this area. Excluding fuel, Domestic Express yields increased 6%. Rate and discount and permanent product mix were the primary drivers for the increase. International Priority yield, excluding the impact of fuel, increased about 1.5%, driven by base rate and discount changes, as well as product mix. Ground yields, excluding fuel, increased just under 6%. Rate and discount improvement and extra service fees, as well as primary product mix changes were the primary drivers for the increase. And in the LTL sector, our FedEx Freight yields increased 2%. Again, rate discount and surcharge management were the primary drivers.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Alan Graf for his comments. 
T. Glenn: Tom, Mike Glenn here. Let me comment on the Domestic Express part of it and then I'll turn it over to Dave Bronczek to comment on Asia. In the U.S. Domestic Express business, traffic in several of the sectors was weaker on a year-over-year basis. Specifically, the tech sector was a bit weaker, primarily driven by lower volume from the major cell phone companies versus last year. In addition to that, we had some intentional mode shift in that segment to try to get product in the right network to allow us to be more efficient and meet the needs of their customers, while providing a terrific value proposition for them and enhancing the opportunity for us as part of our yield improvement strategy. So that was part of it in the tech sector. Secondarily, economic conditions in the finance, insurance and real estate segment, where we have a heavy presence, we saw traffic down year-over-year there primarily due to economic activity. We did see some competitive losses as part of our yield improvement strategy, although they were significantly less than our expectations and what we had planned for. So we were very pleased with our ability to execute our yield improvement strategy within the parameters that we had set for volume impact. So the combination of all of those things were the primary drivers. And again, I mean, a consistent theme there is just the economic activity and a lot of our customers being very conservative in their supply chains. And I'll turn it over to Dave to comment on Asia. 
T. Glenn: Art, this is Mike Glenn, and I think it's a combination of both. Clearly, we've got some depressed volumes due to economic activity. But I want to highlight something that I've been saying for a long time, in that there are 3 significant fundamental issues that we need to recognize. One is the globalization of trade and how customers are refining their supply chain network as opposed to bringing product into bulk and bulk into the U.S. and putting it in warehouses and then shipping it out as a domestic transaction. It is now being shipped from point of manufacturer to point of consumption, so that gets counted as an International transaction. Which is why you constantly hear us referring to the Express network as a global network and not Domestic versus International. Secondarily, there's clearly some reasonable substitution when it makes sense for customers to use our very efficient and industry-leading Ground service. And they are making decisions on how to configure distribution centers to take advantage of that service, so there's clearly some of that. I referenced that in my earlier comments this morning. And then finally, you have electronic transmission of documents. So those 3 fundamentals are also at play here, but I think the underlying issue that we're speaking to this morning is the below-trend growth that I referred to earlier. 
T. Glenn: David, this is Mike. I didn't understand, you were breaking up on the second part of the question. So I'm not sure I caught that. 
T. Glenn: Let me respond to your question regarding fuel surcharge. FedEx evaluates our fuel surcharge for all services on an annual basis and we typically make any adjustments that we deem necessary when we make general rate increase announcements. So that's an ongoing thing for us and not only for Freight and LTL, but for all services. 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Our sales team works with customers on a regular basis to ensure that we put the best, very best value proposition in front of them that takes advantage of the broad range of services that we have. I wouldn't get too fixated on mode shift as an issue here. It certainly has an impact. We work with customers, specifically as it relates to mode shift when it's to a mutually beneficial outcome, and that's key in terms of how we approach it. Obviously, it doesn't make a lot of sense for us to shift volume out of Express into Ground when it doesn't benefit the customer and it doesn't benefit FedEx Corporation, as Fred noted earlier. So Alan used the word managed, and I think that's the key word in this discussion is managing mode optimization, if you will, to increase the value for the customer and, frankly, FedEx Corporation. So that's how we approach that. And so we view that, when it's done correctly and our sales team does a great job of that, as a benefit for FedEx Corporation. 
T. Glenn: I apologize. I must have covered that too quickly, because I covered that off early in my comments. But let me give it to you again. Sequentially, from Q1, and you can look back at our statistics, we were negative 4% on IP, which includes IP, IPD, IE, IEF. Q2 was negative 3%, Q3 is negative 1% and we are seeing strengthening going into Q4. I should add that we actually are picking up traffic into another mode of transportation that we have, is also FTN. But some of the IPD in the past would move to that and go on the ocean. So I guess across the board, we would have a sequentially improving IP trends. 
T. Glenn: Let me take a look here and just get the numbers in front of me for a second, Jeff. The forecast for Europe, EMEA specifically, for calendar year '12 is 0.7% GDP growth; for euro land, it's a negative 0.4%. For calendar '13, it's 0.9% for euro land and 2% for EMEA. 
T. Glenn: Yes. And on the IP, I mentioned it a couple of times, but our FedEx Trade Networks group that's very efficient at clearance and brokerage in ocean shipping, some of that deferred traffic that would have, in the past, flown on our super Express Freighters is because of the customers' demand moving to that. So we're still picking up traffic. And probably, over time, become more profitable with it. 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I'll comment on the yield question that you had. As I stated earlier, I'm extremely proud of the sales revenue management marketing team for their focus on this. We clearly had solid yield performance during the quarter and this is part of a managed program that we have that entails both the change that we made in the dimensional weight surcharge which went into place over a year ago, which we have now lapped, how we manage contract increases and things of that nature. I will say that we are starting to cycle through the contract increases now. As part of that, we were seeking and have been successful in getting above-trend annual rate increases on those contracts in year 1. We would expect to see lower rate increases in years 2 and 3, so that will have some impact on that. We have lapped the dimensional weight surcharge. But let me state again, this will be a major focus item for us. It will be at the top of our priority list. And as I've said earlier, we have been prepared to put some volume at risk in order to achieve our rate increases and our yield improvements. We did see some impact during the quarter, specifically at Express. But as I said earlier, it was well within the parameters that we had set in order to achieve the yield improvements that we were targeting. So I continue to be very pleased with our performance in this regard. We worked very closely with the operating companies to make sure that we are making decisions that not only benefit improving yields, but it benefit the operating company performance. And that will be our modus operandi going forward. 
T. Glenn: We're not going to reduce our service levels. We're going to increase our service levels and we will continue to do that. The trick here is to continue to lower expense, improve productivity while we expand our service capabilities, which are extremely high already. So there will be nothing but service improvements. 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We did see, and always see, a substantial increase in B2C transactions during the quarter because of the peak season and the significant growth of e-commerce shipping. I should point out, as part of that, we did pass on some growth opportunities, particularly at Express because we didn't feel the yields were compensatory and consistent with our long-term objectives. But we always see an increase in B2C shipping during that quarter because of the holiday season and the increase in B2C. 
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Strong earnings growth at Ground and our ongoing yield management programs at all of our transportation segments drove improved results for the third quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.55, which excludes a $0.10 per share legal reserve reversal. Earnings exceeded our guidance of $1.25 to $1.45 this quarter primarily due to better-than-expected Ground results and a lower-than-expected effective tax rate of 34.1% for Q3, primarily due to a favorable onetime tax audit closure for our fiscal years 2007 through 2009. Revenues increased 9% to $10.6 billion from yield increases across all of our transportation segments, as Mike discussed.  Now let's look at the segment detail. At our Ground segment, revenues and operating income increased from increased yields and strong demand for FedEx Home Delivery and FedEx SmartPost services. Revenues increased 14% to $2.5 billion due to yield and volume growth at both Ground and SmartPost. Ground's operating margins climbed to 18.8%, as operating income soared 43% to $465 million, primarily due to 8% growth in revenue per package and 5% growth in volume. Ground's spectacular results continue to be driven by the unmatched value proposition of our network, as Ground provides faster service for 25% of the lanes served versus our primary competitor.  Turning to Freight, despite a $1 million operating loss, the results from our Freight segment improved significantly due to base yield growth and ongoing improvements and operational efficiencies. Freight revenues increased 10% to $1.2 billion as a result of higher LTL yield and weight per LTL shipment. Meanwhile, our average daily LTL shipments increased 2%, reflecting sequential improvement during the quarter, as well as favorable comparisons caused by severe winter weather last year. While we were pleased with the progress Freight is making, we still have work to do to optimize the network, including improving the mix of traffic and further strengthening yields.  At Express, our operating income of $349 million included the reversal of a legal reserve of $66 million associated with the ATA Airlines lawsuit, that was initially recorded in Q2 of FY '11, as we won the case on appeal. Also, a significant net benefit from the timing lag that exists between when fuel prices change and when index fuel surcharges automatically adjust, despite our overall higher fuel costs in the quarter. A mild winter compared to the severe winter last year also helped the quarter. Revenues increased 8% to $6.5 billion, primarily due to an increase in U.S. domestic and IP package yields, partially offset by decreases of 4% for U.S. domestic package volume and 1% for IP package volume. We are evaluating actions to adjust our FedEx U.S. domestic network capacity and improve efficiency, and Dave Bronczek will have more to say on that later.  Turning to our outlook, we are expecting earnings per share of $1.75 to $2 per diluted share for the fourth quarter, and an adjusted $6.35 to $6.60 per diluted share for fiscal 2012. This guidance excludes the ATA legal reserve reversal and assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices, most notably jet fuel, with moderate growth from the global economy, as Mike described earlier. We expect strong yields across all of our segments to support corporate-wide revenue and earnings growth in Q4. Our cash flow from operating activities remains solid and increased by $560 million for the first 9 months of FY '12, despite significant higher pension contributions year-to-date of $710 million.  I would like to thank all of our team members for their dedication to the Purple Promise and hard work during our peak season. And now we will open up the call for questions. 
Alan Graf: Yes. I will also add that we have been and will continue to be reducing flight hours, just as we always do. We'll take some planes and put them in the desert until economic conditions improve. And we'll be looking at that program as well going forward. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Don't forget, over time, the trend in inventories continues to decline because companies like FedEx are engineering companies’ operations and supply chains to allow them to do that and still be able to meet consumer demand. 
Alan Graf: I want to go back and correct -- Donald made a statement that was incorrect about Freight's performance last year. Freight's performance last year was a loss of $110 million, of which 43% was a onetime. There was not a profit in Freight a year ago. 
Alan Graf: As far as the second quarter, that would be our normal seasonality. So significant improvement is my point. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I don't want it to be lost on anyone, how good the productivity and cost management Express has been. With volumes down and margins up, we have a lot of opportunity going forward. 
Alan Graf: Well, I think the fourth quarter is still very good. But what we're seeing at the moment, as Mike Glenn started off the call with, is that we just don't have a strong as an economy as we had hoped it would be a year ago. And I was hoping that we would have record earnings this year. And while that still would be at the very high end of that range with a little bit stretch above it, frankly, the economic environment and the elasticity that we're seeing on our Premium Services from the high fuel costs are dampening the fourth quarter a bit. It's still going to be a very good quarter, and I think we'll go into the year with -- next fiscal year with a lot of momentum. So that's really the answer. 
Alan Graf: Well, again, I think, as I mentioned, Ground is such an unbelievably great value proposition versus the competitive offering. And there's a lot of managed trade-down, if you will, from the Express network to the Ground network, where we can reduce the CapEx over time at Express and increase it over time at Ground, which has a higher ROIC, which is the objective that Fred outlined for you. I think we will continue do that. Obviously, on a lower base and diesel fuel, the impact of the fuel surcharge is significantly less at Ground that it is at Express. 
Alan Graf: I'll take the first one. This is Alan. Versus last year, I think in the fourth quarter, we'll have a benefit from the fuel lag versus the fuel -- the cost of the fuel versus the surcharge. But with the high fuel prices that are existing, it's going to have a dampening impact on our premium services revenues. So that will probably offset in terms of the results, and that's why I have the range that I have. 
Alan Graf: Well, the tax rate was -- you were late there, that was -- the third quarter was a settlement of the IRS of our fiscal 2007 and 2009. The fourth quarter tax rate will be 36% to 37%, depending on where our earnings are earned in the quarter. 
Alan Graf: It was a tailwind versus last year. It was a restrainer in terms of what it did to the demand for our premium services. 
David Bronczek: Okay. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Tom, for the question. We’ve actually been outperforming the marketplace in Asia Pacific for many quarters now, in general. And I have to say that post Chinese New Year’s, we've actually seen more strengthening out of Asia Pacific than we had prior to going into Chinese New Year’s. I should also add that on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, and you can look at the numbers from the last several quarters, we've improved from negative 4% in Q1 to negative 3% to negative 1%. And we're showing some strengthening going into the fourth quarter. We are actually seeing some mixed change, however, as well, very much like the United States from priority to deferred. And some traffic is actually from consumer electronics moving into our FTN, FedEx Trade Networks, system that's actually going on the ocean. So I would say there's an overall modest increasing demand for services in Asia Pacific right now. 
David Bronczek: I'll go ahead and start. This is Dave Bronczek. First of all, let me say, and I didn't probably stress it enough, we have another network in the International business, it's our FedEx Trade Networks that handles freight forwarding and ocean traffic. And a lot of these big consumer electronic companies that you're referring to are looking through the inventory and the visibility that we provide across the board. So they have been able to pick a network that better services their needs. And so even though some of it may not be IP or IPD, International Priority Distribution, it could go on the ships. We're still getting that traffic and we are seeing a pickup in that area. 
David Bronczek: Well, we have the flexibility in our International side to add, and we talked about this every quarter. The extra sections that we talk about to add more or to take them away. And as Alan pointed out, we have, across the board, less fuel usage partly because of International and partly because of the U.S. But we've actually been, in this quarter, we pulled those extra sections down, didn't need to fly them. Now going forward right now, we have some backlogs, as Fred just pointed out, for Freight that we're looking at putting some extra sections in and increase the flying. So we have a lot of flexibility to move it up and down, depending on how the traffic moves. There is a little bit of a move to more deferred like the U.S. and International at the moment, so we're watching it very carefully. 
David Bronczek: Let me start off and pass it off to my colleague and good friend, Dave Rebholz. But on the Express side, we're obviously looking at all of our opportunities that we have in the International and the U.S., so it's not just an International issue. We have actually -- in this quarter, we've had a couple of issues that came up that were different for us. The acquisitions of India and Mexico hurt us a little bit there. We've had some depreciation with the 777s, for example. Some of the volume that we had planned that we didn't get, all that being said, we're looking at the linehaul efficiencies we have room there on flight hours and fuel usage in our trucking and so forth. And on the headcount, we have quite a lot of room, even through an attrition program. So we have a lot of opportunities in both the U.S. and International. 
David Bronczek: Well, you're right, we did actually improve our margins this quarter over last year's third quarter. Some of it is the weather, some of it is timing for fuel, some of it is reduction in the attrition and some of it is the linehaul, and some of it is the fuel usage. But it's across-the-board. We're looking at all of those opportunities both here in the U.S. and International to make sure our networks are right-sized for the amount of volume and yields for the profitability going forward. So very good question and we're on top of all of those issues. 
David Bronczek: And the only additional color that I'll give you for EMEA, and I know we don't break this out is that, as Fred pointed out, it's a growing and profitable region of the world for us and it continues to be so. 
David Bronczek: Thank you, Fred. Yes, this goes back -- for several years now, we've actually been working on more intercontinental flights from Asia to Europe. We've had flights from the U.S. to Dubai into the Middle East. And on the intercontinental side, we've added a lot of connectivity and excellent service, world-class service for our intercontinental business. On the more recent activities, to Fred's point, just in the last 5 months since October, we've opened over 23 stations in Germany, France, Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden. Across the board, we've added more jet city points to the network inside Europe. We've added 757s in Europe. We're growing, we're profitable, we're adding to the later pickup times that customers really want to connect to the European market and to the global market and much earlier delivery. So we have a really good story. We have a great management team in Europe and we're very optimistic about the forward-looking future. 
David Bronczek: Well, we actually look at our network all the time. Every week, every month, we've been doing this for years and years, and we have a great portfolio. As Mike Glenn and Fred have talked about, and Alan, where the customers pick the services that they need. And so we work with the customer with our teammates. And so as I mentioned, year-over-year, for example, through attrition, we're down 3,500 FTEs. And so depending on the volume outlooks and the customer demands and how the economy is, we have opportunity to flex up or flex down. And right now, we're looking at it and we've been looking at this for years. 
David Bronczek: We just look at our headcount, as we always have, for years and years on an attrition basis and based on the volume and the demand. And we'll continue to do that. 
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me speak specifically to the question about why we have priority and economy in all length of haul in the newly reengineered Freight network. The delta in pricing is smaller in the regional area as opposed to the long haul, but the reason that we have both priority and economy is that it gives us the ability, if we need to, to roll the economy shipment and operate with higher load factors. So the customer gets a choice. We can give them absolutely, positively overnight service in the regional markets for the 2-day lanes or if they're willing to take the chance that it's a shipment that will be delivered a day later, it allows us then to manage load factors. It's very similar to the way we operate in the Express network. We've been doing it for years. Nobody's ever done it in the LTL business. And based on the strength of the demand for FedEx Freight at the moment, I think it's very obvious the customers really like having this option. 
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me put this in a broader context because I think it's important given that some of the questions have been answered. Over the last couple of years, we've consistently said that FedEx believes we can improve margins, improve cash flows, improve returns, and we've done all of that. We don't look at it quite in the same way that you do on these earnings calls. We look at it as FedEx Corporation. So when we put our business plan together and Express puts its plan together, for instance, based on the expectations of intercontinental volume, and that volume’s a bit weaker than we anticipated, our motivation to pull down capacity is less when we have great performance over at Ground so we can keep the capacity up and try to take market share. If that weren't the case, we would probably be managing a little bit differently. So we look at it as a portfolio and not individual silos and individual businesses, where we're compelled to try to maximize every quarter. And in the case of Express, there are very long lead time constraints in Express that require us to manage the capacity on more of a quarterly basis than on a monthly basis. There are pilot deadlines, there's customer expectations. At the last earnings call, I talked a bit about some of the structural changes that have gone on in the intercontinental business over the last few years because of the price of fuel, the price of wages in Asia, the problems in Europe and the low growth in the United States. And things are considerably different now than they were just a couple of years ago. So it's important to understand that we are very convinced that in all of our 3 major transport reportable segments that we can achieve double-digit margins. And that as a corporation, we can continue to improve earnings, improve margins, improve cash flows and improve returns. But we may not do it the way some of the folks on this call would like to do where we can say, well, we're going to have just a great quarter in every segment because we're managing it as a portfolio. 
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith, let me comment briefly and then ask Dave to be more specific about this. Europe's a big part of the FedEx network, as I said in the opening remarks. I mean, we have a multibillion-dollar business there and it's profitable and it's growing and we're expanding the business. Now having said that, there are 2 things that you have to remember about Europe. The first is, as Mike Glenn just mentioned to you, the growth rates in Europe are extremely low. And my personal belief is they're going to continue to be low, as long as the policies being pursued in Europe are the same as the policies that have been pursued over the last 20, 25 years. I think the same thing is true in the United States. And I'm not trying to be political in any statement, we simply don't have policies in place in the U.S. and Europe that are stimulative of GDP growth beyond relatively low levels. So that's one point. The second point that you have to realize about Europe is that, unlike the United States, it's a much more fractionated market. There are domestic markets which are historical there that have a number of competitors. There's the pan-European surface market. There's the pan-European or intra-European air express business and then there's the intercontinental business. We're very strong in the Intercontinental business. We have an excellent intra-European air express network and we have selectively participated in the domestic marketplace. And we have an organic expansion plan inside Europe and I'd like for Dave to comment on that. 
Frederick Smith: And we'll talk a lot more about this, for those of you who can come to the October 9 and 10 thing. It's a great story and we've got a terrific management team in Europe. And as Dave mentioned, we've been expanding it at flank speed over the recent past and are going to continue for the foreseeable future to broaden the portfolio that we offer in Europe. As I mentioned, it's a highly fractionated market in Europe. 
