Brie Carere: Thank you, and good afternoon. As expected, the operating environment in the second quarter was challenging. The trends we saw toward the end of the first quarter persisted through November. As a result, we experienced lower demand for FedEx products and services, but we acted with urgency to adjust our network while continuing to deliver for our customers. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 3% year-over-year, primarily due to volume and yield softness in Europe and Asia. In Europe, we're making steady progress as volume trends improved quarter-over-quarter. I am confident in our momentum as we have a robust sales pipeline in Europe. We are leveraging our faster road network and our unique ability to bundle parcel and freight. As we anticipated, the softening demand created yield pressure, especially in Asia. Despite volume softness, I am pleased with the team's ability to manage volume, share and margin in our trans-Pacific lane. At FedEx Ground, revenue was up 2% due to higher yield driven by fuel surcharges, base rate increases and improved product mix. It was partially offset by lower volumes. We once again delivered strong service levels and best-in-market transit times. At FedEx Freight, we delivered solid performance despite the operating environment beginning to moderate. Pricing discipline across the LTL industry is strong, and we expect the market to remain rational. Revenue was up 8% as the team remains laser-focused on driving improved revenue quality and profitable share growth. While navigating the current environment, FedEx Freight continues to innovate. We're expanding dimensional capture and piloting dimensional weight-based pricing. We believe this simplified pricing is the future of the LTL industry, and we're leading in this transformation. I also wanted to provide an update on our enterprise pricing strategy and the initiatives to improve revenue quality. We remain disciplined. We are focused on growth in the right segment to optimize network profitability. We announced a 6.9% general rate increase in September, and I remain confident in a continued high capture rate. We are also continuing to leverage surcharges to align our pricing to cost. Our recent announcement for demand-based large package and U.S. export fuel surcharge are good proof points. I'm also very pleased with the team's progress to create new capabilities. A great example is the partnership between pricing and DataWorks to build a price anomaly detection engine. The team has had success detecting overbilling and correcting invoices before they are sent to our customers. This is a significant customer experience improvement. We are now adapting these capabilities to identify underbilling opportunities, which will increase revenue quality. As we look toward the back half, service improvement has translated into good momentum for our sales team. In addition, we have a robust pipeline aligned with our strategy, which includes small and medium and European segment targets. In Q4, we will be lapping the impact of the beginning of the war in the Ukraine as well as the air integration disruption we experienced in the region. As a result, our year-over-year volume comps will improve as we move through the back half of this fiscal year. However, in Asia, we do expect to face continued yield pressure due to lower demand for priority services. In the current economic environment, the market is increasingly shifting to deferred services. We have the deferred portfolio to capture the shift in demand, and our DRIVE program will ensure we have the right cost to serve to profitably manage through this market transition. In conclusion, we remain prudent in our expectations for volume and yield in the second half of the fiscal year. That being said, our service value proposition relative to our competition will remain strong. And in fact, our relative market position will improve in the back half of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lenz.
Brie Carere: Sure. Fair question, Scott. So from a yield perspective, let's talk front half versus back half. When we look at the domestic parcel market, we are still anticipating in the back half that we will have growth both Express and Ground in the parcel market, although less growth than we did in the first half. The same holds true for FedEx Freight domestically. Back half, we are still anticipating yield growth in the inflationary environment, although much less than the front half. And then as we go to the international markets, the largest change that we will experience in the back half is we are anticipating that we will see our Asia yields decrease in the second half. Now I want to be really clear that we've accounted for that within the range that Mike has given us, and we also anticipated this. And the Asia team does a really good job of managing volume, yield and margin. And our trans-Pacific lane is still a very profitable and healthy lane for us. So it is within the range, but that's how we're thinking about yield front half versus back half.
Brie Carere: No, I think that's exactly right. We have the team poised and ready to benefit from any potential. But right now, the demand signals have been pretty consistent over the last couple of weeks, and so that's how we're planning for the back half.
Brie Carere: Thanks Mike. Fair question from a FedEx Freight perspective. When we looked at Q2, the one thing that we did see that was slightly different from Q1 is weights actually were slightly down in Q2. From a revenue quality perspective, however, we have to remember, number one, that we are seeing all of the public carriers behave very rationally and the market is very disciplined. Number two, within that market, FedEx Freight has the premium value proposition. We have two types of service. So, we have a great opportunity that is very profitable for FedEx for allow customers to move from our priority to our economy service. And we've got two great opportunities within FedEx, right? We've got FedEx Freight Direct, which we're still seeing high demand for. And we've got a very profitable service into Canada that we're very focused on. So we are going to continue to be disciplined. We absolutely know the history, and we are focused right now on doing our part to be very disciplined within the industry.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. So I love this question. Let's talk about our momentum. Here in the United States, as we talked about, we've had a great peak. The ground team and I know the operators who are listening, I know we're not done yet. I know we have a very, very busy week still to execute. But as I sit here right now, we've had just stellar service in the field, and I couldn't be more proud of the team. So as we kind of turn the chapter on this calendar year to next calendar year, domestically, we have the very best value proposition, more faster than our primary competition. We have this great new feature, which is getting great response in the field for picture, proof of delivery. We have Sunday service. We have brand-new digital capabilities called estimated date of delivery, which gives our e-commerce retailers greater accuracy on their delivery times, and we're getting really great feedback. And as you all know, our primary competitor has to manage through a significant labor conversation. So, we're going to come out of this peak very, very strong, and we are very confident in the momentum that Jill and her team are building in January. The same is true as we look into Europe. We have got quarter-over-quarter momentum. We've got three primary lines of business that we sell. In the domestic, we are optimizing. From a domestic perspective, we are there for the profitability of international and we have opportunity to optimize those networks and put some volume in the domestic networks and service is excellent in the domestic networks in Europe, and I'm really pleased with Karen and the team there. From an intercontinental perspective, we have a product called FedEx National Connect Plus, and it has done really well for us, and the team has continued to get the right business from Europe into the United States. And then from an intra-European perspective, that has been where we're challenged. But I'll tell you the brand has done a lot of hard work for us. Customers want to do business with FedEx. And quarter-over-quarter, we've seen service improvement. And with that, we have seen our pipeline and the confidence grow, and I believe that you will continue to see quarter-over-quarter improvement out of our European division. So yes, I'm looking forward to January, and I think we have the best sales team in the business to go and execute the plan I just talked about.
Brie Carere: Yes. So from a pricing perspective, right now, we do anticipate a high capture on our GRI here in the United States and around the world. Our GRI was 6.9 in the U.S. And it's about that around the world, a little bit higher in some places, a little bit lower. With the inflationary environment, most customers understand the need for a high GRI. That being said, I really pick out the team focused on two things. One, as I mentioned a moment ago, is differentiation. We command a higher yield when we have a better service and a differentiation and the marketing team is very, very focused on executing that. So we can command a higher yield in the market. Two, as I talked about in June and then I also talked about the anomaly price detection engine, we are building new capabilities to make sure that we align cost and price really closely, and we're continuing to build new features out this year, which will also help us get a lift from a revenue quality perspective. We want to be really, really balanced. We also acknowledge that some of our customers are going to have to choose our deferred portfolio, and we're working really hard to get the cost and the margins right in that product. As far as how we're going to handle the negotiations, we're going to do it professionally and with grace. We want to bring customers on that want to do business with us for long term. And so of course, for our target segment, small business, health care, B2B, we want them to be prepared. We want to protect, first and foremost, our loyal base right now. And Jill and her team will have really thoughtful conversations with those customers and make sure that they know we are here for them if they plan ahead and they want to do business with us in the long term.
Mike Lenz: Hey, Tom, this is Mike. So first, for the additional $1 billion for FY '23 relative to our plans coming into the year, that's mostly at Express. It's a combination of further flight reductions, incremental sort cancels, particularly post peak, adjustments to our ground operations primarily in the pickup and delivery space. And then I guess another piece I'd highlight too was further reductions at our FedEx services, shared services organization, where they're doing a great job of really clamping down on cost relative to what we were contemplating earlier in the year. As it relates to the $4 billion in DRIVE, we've highlighted $1.4 billion is for Express, $1.1 billion is Ground and then $1.5 billion is in the shared and allocated expenses. And keep in mind that as we approach those, those are structural cost reductions that are irrespective of the demand environment assumption that you would make going forward so that we can achieve a path towards the FY '25 objectives that we outlined. Thanks for the question.
Mike Lenz: So, we certainly have deferred a number of facility projects and initiatives. So that is a component there as well as looking to pause other certain major projects at a phase of completion as we evaluate the chain circumstances. Another piece of it is a change in our aircraft payment schedule as well. So, we've pushed that out further, but the number of deliveries remains unchanged, just a timing in that sense.
Mike Lenz: Well, so Helane, we will see mitigating in terms of the year-over-year increase in wage rates relative to what we were seeing earlier in the year. And in addition, as we flex down the networks, particularly post peak, we'll have a ramp down in terms of the resources deployed there as we typically do, but certainly going to move quickly as we come past the successful peak that we're in the middle of right now. So expect further progress in that line going forward as well.
Mike Lenz: Sure. Thanks, Jordan. Well, I would highlight, certainly, the environment remains fluid. We outline our expectations on the trajectory of volume and yield and considered a range of outcomes within the corridor for both of those. And in conjunction with the cost take out you highlighted there, we're very confident with the $13 to $14 range. So while it's true, the volume declines, we expect those to moderate as we move through the rest of the year, particularly in Q4, we're going to have more yield pressure relative to the increases we saw in the first half of the year. So when you bring all three of those elements together, that's what gets you to the bottom line projection there that we've highlighted. But I guess I would also say that while the declines moderate on the volume, we're in essence, projecting the same demand profile that we're currently experiencing. So hopefully that puts it in full context for you.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Ken, how I would address that is as you saw in the second quarter, the revenue environment was below our expectations. So therefore, we are assuming that going forward into the second half of the year, which motivated further near-term takeouts of cost relative to what we had planned for FY '23. So we will project revenues to be down year-over-year in Q1, but we're also going to see a ramp-up in absolute expense reductions as we move through Q3 and even more so into Q4. So that's the absolute basis when you look at it for year-over-year.
Mike Lenz: Well, Ken, maybe we talked about a permanent reductions of $1 billion from FY '23. And that recognizes we were operating in very unique circumstances over the last 1.5 years, 2 years. And so those takeouts would not return under any range of normalized demand scenarios that you might consider. And of course, most of that's in Express. I mentioned that we parked five additional aircraft during the second quarter. By the end of the fiscal year, we're projecting to park 11 additional aircraft. So hopefully, that gives you a little more context for how we're thinking about resizing the network and most of those will be wide-bodies.
Mike Lenz: So Brandon, let me, first, thanks for the kind comments regarding Jeff and Elizabeth. We will certainly miss both of them. Let me get a little more context about the $3.7 billion reduction. Appreciate that's reference to our plans coming into '23. And the purpose of that was to illustrate the scope and magnitude of the cost initiatives that we have undertaken to address the changed circumstances from where we started the year. So we highlighted we have $1 billion of the permanent reductions. In a demand environment as we are today, much of the structure, the flight takedowns that we have made it Express, you wouldn't see those coming back. I think you may recall, we said there will always be -- anticipate that there will be cyclical ups and downs. But as we come out of the current circumstances when it comes back, it would come back in a different way, and we would be using less of our own Purple tail lift and more of partner-lift in order to flow traffic in the most efficient manner possible. So again, the $4 billion of DRIVE, think about that in the context of a greater emphasis on cost reduction rather than the degree of modest revenue growth we were assuming back in June when we outlined the goals for FY '25. So that's what the focus is there to that structural cost reduction across a range of demand scenarios that you could envision.
Mike Lenz: Yes, You hit it. Absolutely, Allison, we are -- that's why we have ramped up the degree and intensity around the structural cost reductions. We made great progress to date in identifying those and are looking to use the insights as we've made progress on those to identify even more. And if the environment changes, then we will react as you saw in the second quarter here to adjust even further in the near term as well.
Mike Lenz: Jack, look, the high rate of growth, particularly at ground over the past few years, that's in the rearview mirror. And so, we will not be spending as much on facility expansion going forward. The major replacement initiatives we have in front of us over the next couple of years, which ramped down in FY -- beyond FY '25 are our fleet modernization. We have no firm orders beyond FY '25 for new aircraft and the modernization of our Memphis hub, which is, as Richard likes to call it, the heartbeat of the Express network. That will be completed in a few years as well, and that will yield efficiencies over the long term. So those are major elements within the capital allocation that we have a clear line of sight of those coming down. And hence, as we outlined, we fully expect to be it the 6.5% in '25 and lower beyond that. And hence, we were committed to improving our payout ratio and up the dividend as a reflection of the trajectory and the path that we're headed down in that regard.
Raj Subramaniam: So David, thanks for the question. And so, I'll just say that I'm just delighted to see how fast we're performing in terms of taking our structural cost down. So, the -- I'm just going to comment on The DRIVE program here because that's what gets us going to the FY '25 goals. Our strategy is simply is to drive profitable growth and reduce our structural costs while we innovate digitally that helps us get to those goals. And all this built on a strong foundation of service. DRIVE is how we execute that, and I'm extremely thrilled to see the progress we have made and the level of engagement of the entire executive team. We have, as I showed in the slide earlier, the 14 domains each with an executive sponsor, KPIs are identified, we have about 1,200 people involved. And this is not a one-and-done exercise. This, all the way from initial idea to an executable plan with KPIs, this is like a conveyor belt. And then there's a significant amount of will, scale and rigor as teams move towards execution. So this is very important as we think about FY '24 and '25. We are fundamentally focused on restructuring our cost base, driving profitable growth and improving our operating margin performance. So we can't control what the external environment is. We are focused on things we can control. And the base that we have in '23, we will use that to come out of this external environment situation much, much better than we went in. And the DRIVE program is a significant component of that and talk to you more about that drive deep dive update you in the first half of calendar '23. We are constantly looking at the portfolio to see what opportunities that exist. And when there's something to talk to you about that, we will definitely communicate. Thank you, David.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Thank you, Jack. Listen, we are -- the drive is the way we work and every project that we now go through has started to go through a significant hurdle to make sure those plants are approved and then, obviously, that has to make sense from a financial perspective and from an ROIC perspective. So good news so far is that projects that have come through here have -- we are very high returns, and it changes the fundamental way we think about how we go forward here. So Mike, I don't know if you want to add to that comment.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just talk about the macro environment. I think the main macro issue in the United States is really the e-commerce reset. If you were to just follow along here prior to the pandemic e-commerce represented about 16% of retail. During the pandemic, it peaked at about 22%. And ever since, it's been kind of going down. We are probably about 18% or 19% right now. It's still higher than 16%, but not quite high as 22%. So that's the part of the reset that's going on in the U.S. domestic package business. Of course, we have also taken certain revenue quality actions on some of the segments of the traffic, specifically FedEx Ground economy. And so that's the only other part that would be unique to FedEx. But other than that, this is, I would say, the biggest macro here is e-commerce reset.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you very much. And I'll just say in closing that our team is moving with urgency to accelerate our ongoing transformation. We have made strong progress to date, and we'll build on this momentum as we move into the back half of the year. We all know there's a significant opportunity ahead, and I'm very confident in our team's ability to execute. Thank you all for your time today. Thank you for your interest in FedEx, and happy holidays, everyone.
