T. Glenn: Tom, this is Mike Glenn. There is no question that we're in a soft patch right now largely due to transitory issues such as the Japan supply chain disruptions. Obviously, we had a tremendous amount of weather impact, and the oil prices that were on the rise during the quarter. So we had some economic challenges during the quarter. We expect the GDP to accelerate through the calendar year. Our projections on a quarter-by-quarter basis for GDP in the second quarter is 1.9%; third quarter, 3.5%; and then the fourth quarter, 3.4%. So for calendar '11, we're anticipating 2.5% GDP growth; and in calendar '12, 3.0% GDP growth, with industrial production around 4.2%, 4.3%.
T. Glenn: Justin, I would say, it's the combination of both. But let me say, we're very pleased with the balance that we saw during the quarter with volume growth and the tremendous job that our sales and marketing team did in executing our yield improvement program. So we would take that balance every quarter. Having said that, there is no question that the soft patch that I spoke of earlier had an impact on domestic Express volumes as fuel surcharges certainly increased during the quarter. But let me state again, we're very pleased with the balance of the volume in the domestic Express system with the yield growth that we saw.
T. Glenn: This is Mike. SmartPost is a key part of our residential delivery portfolio. Obviously, there are a lot of very lightweight items that move to residences that are perfect for the SmartPost network, which is why we invested in that network and have continued to invest in that network going forward. It gives us a distinct competitive advantage because it offers the right price point for the right value delivery system and complements our Home Delivery network very well. It allows us to focus the Home Delivery network on heavier packages, and many of which that require unique features that only FedEx offers such as day-definite delivery, appointment delivery and things of that nature. So it is a strong combination of services, complemented by our Express residential delivery services, which offers unique value for e-commerce customers.
T. Glenn: Bill, keep in mind, we made one significant change with our -- in our pricing back in January, where we changed the dimensional weight factor, which contributed significantly to the uptick in the yields. That was part of the rate and discount. Having said that, our sales team has done a phenomenal job retaining our general rate increase. Certainly have been successful in contract renegotiations of getting higher than historical trend increases built into the contract. So it's a combination of things. The one item that will not repeat itself is the change in the dimensional weight factor, which was put in place in January. So that's the one differential. I would expect going forward, you'd see more stabilization and certainly above trend yield improvement because it continues to be the primary objective for our sales team and they've done a phenomenal job in that, and I expect them to continue to do so. But we will not have the dimensional weight change taking place again this January. It's early to call the quarter. Obviously, we don't forecast month by month, but I would say, it's relatively stable to what we have been seeing towards the latter part of the fourth quarter.
T. Glenn: Well, there are couple of issues here. One is the product mix issue is a key contributor to that. Again, recall, we made the change in the dimensional weight, which certainly has an impact on that in terms of how a package is rated. But the change in mix is the primary driver there that we have seen. Again, you have to remember, part of our yield management strategy is to manage the mix of traffic that we get, the customer mix, as well as the product mix, and to ensure we're getting appropriate retention of our general rate increase that we're managing the various surcharge adjustments for any individual customers. So this is a multifaceted effort, again, which has been executed extremely well by our sales team and our revenue management team. So -- but the real issue there is the product mix.
T. Glenn: Scott, I'm not sure how I can provide more clarity. I think Fred was very specific in terms of the percent impact in terms of the major items that resulted in the soft patch that we're currently seeing. But obviously, oil prices was a big part of that, disruptions in the Japan supply chain were a big part of that. While that is recovering, we still are seeing impacts of that and we're not back up to speed in that regard. The sentiment on the consumer side continues to be an issue. As a result, our forecast for consumer spending in the first half of this calendar year is lower than it is in the second half as we believe that, that will improve in the second half of the year. So that's been the biggest issue. Those have been the biggest 3 factors that we've been saying that have resulted in this soft patch. So we're confident given this GDP forecast that we will be able to achieve the balance between volume growth and yield improvement to hit the range that Alan has talked about.
T. Glenn: Let me clarify the number that I gave was for industrial production, and our calendar year '11 forecast is 4.2% and our calendar year '12 forecast is 4.3%. So that IP relates to industrial production. And on the IP growth, specifically your question, we grew 6% this quarter and 9% on yields for 15% for revenue, and that's on the back of last year's fourth quarter of 23% growth. So the combination of those led us to our record quarter.
David Bronczek: Yes, John, this is Dave Bronczek. We're always looking at ways to improve our efficiencies on fuel and capacity and payload. And so of course, everything that's out there in the marketplace from Boeing and Airbus, we're taking a hard look at to make sure that it makes a financial sense for us going forward. Right now, of course, we're in the transition period of the 727 to the 757s. We have 37 of those flying at the moment. We purchased 57 of them. And of course, the 777s, we have 12. In revenue operations, we've purchased 13. So to your specific point, we're looking at all the opportunities and the options that are out there for us.
David Bronczek: Yes, thanks, Kevin. This is Dave Bronczek. Yes, you're right. China obviously, is leading the pack, but we've had good success in Canada domestic, the U.K. domestic and of course, we're expanding in India. But China domestic for sure, coupled with our China business coming up onto the rest of the world, and the combination of those 2 is a great value proposition for our customers. And while I'm on the topic, I should comment on the superior performance we've had in international. We had an all-time record-setting quarter for International Priority this year, and that's on top of last year's fourth quarter, which grew average daily volume 23%. So you combine that with this year's fourth quarter, it's our all-time record volume for International Priority. But on the domestic front in international, we're doing well across the board and with double digits.
David Bronczek: Okay, thanks for the question, Chris. Well, as I mentioned before, Asia Pacific did very well. They had double-digit growth, actually leading the way for our record-setting quarter this quarter on all-up average daily volume. China, obviously, is a big part of that. China domestic, as well. So I would say that not only in Asia and APAC generally, but around the world, we've had good volume growth sequentially over last year's fourth quarter, which was our highest quarter that we've had prior to this quarter. So I'm optimistic. I think that the customers see the value proposition of our 777s that we've put in, with the later cutoffs that we provided them and access to the rest of the world connecting to our hubs around the rest of the world, not just the United States, but in Europe. So I just came back from Asia Pacific, in fact, and the mood is very optimistic.
David Bronczek: We saw -- in terms of its contribution to our improvements in yield in Express, domestic, it was the second largest component behind the improvement, behind the rate and discount changes. In Ground, we saw a modest contribution to yield improvement as a result of the weight per package, and it was also a key factor in international as well. So overall, positive contribution to yield improvement, but not nearly as big as the rate and discount changes.
David Bronczek: This is Dave. Yes, obviously, we've turned the corner there and the 3% is more in-line with what we normally would expect the planes out of the desert and the engine maintenance that goes with it and so forth that we've talked about for several quarters is behind us now. Our maintenance numbers now are in Alan's guidance going forward for FY '12, but I'll let Alan opine on that.
David Bronczek: Yes, let me just add my comments to Alan's point. Again, Greg Hall, our Head of Aircraft Maintenance, and all of our aircraft mechanics have done a fabulous job at improving our overall efficiencies and productivity and how they manage that whole very difficult process. So hats off to all of them.
David Bronczek: Yes, all of that is correct, Fred, it's 100% correct. And adding a little bit more color to some of the fourth quarter issues, specifically as Alan mentioned already, the 401(k) and the pension, of course, were big headwinds for us in our fourth quarter and actually fuel in spite of the fact that we generated more revenue off the surcharge, still hurt our margins. The fuel price this year in the fourth quarter on the jet fuel was $3.34. It was up $0.98, 42% over last year's fourth quarter. So fuel actually did hurt our margins slightly in the fourth quarter. But all of that being said, Fred is generally right about the whole infrastructure and investment in our value proposition. Due to the 24% number, because that's in your report there, a significant number in that 24% is our FTN, FedEx Trade Networks, transition to revenue and expenses so the revenue was up offsetting the expenses, quite frankly, there. Exchange hurt us a little bit there. And then other than that, we had overall purchase transportation to support our international volumes. So it looks high, but it's artificially high because primarily, FTN is in that number.
David Bronczek: Yes, a great question. By FY '16, I just got an update on it this week, we'll be completely out of the 727s. And the sooner, the better. Obviously the 757s, we have 37 of them flying now. We purchased 57 in total. And the faster we can get those 757s into the network, the better off will be on the operating profit, fuel savings, reliability and every other thing. Thank you for the question.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add on to my colleague, Mike Glenn. Of course, the yields were significant for us this quarter. The yields in the domestic network is up 10%, and that's been our stated goal and objectives. We're very pleased with that performance.
Frederick Smith: If you're talking about have we seen an improvement in this regard, obviously, oil prices have already pulled back somewhat and we're through the tough season on the weather. We're still seeing some impacts of the Japan supply chain initiative. But clearly, those were significant factors for us during the fourth quarter.
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me reiterate a point that we made several times and I spent a lot of time at our Investor Meeting last fall talking about, and that's our built-in shock absorbers. We have constructed FedEx recognizing that it's basically tied to the macroeconomy, and it's a cyclical company. And it's a company that, as Alan mentioned, requires a lot of capital assets. Accordingly, our structure allows us to flex down and the shock absorbers basically benefit the shareholders because these variable compensation programs, utilization of various fully depreciated assets in good times that can be put on the ground or in the yards. So we have all of that built in. And in fact, as Alan mentioned, as we go into FY '12, we are actually funding a lot of these programs, plus, we are funding significant expansions in the Express networks in Asia and EMEA. So managing down in any kind of a reasonable growth scenario is not a particular problem for FedEx. That's one of these important things that we think is a strategic decision that we made many years ago, and you just saw it during the recession. The company remained profitable during the worst downturns since the Great Depression. Now that wasn't without pain in a lot of orders, including people around this table and our frontline folks and the hours we flew and on down the line. But we have a pretty good system built in, in. On the economy, let me just remind everybody on the call that while we have a wonderful economist, Gene Huang, and great analytical capabilities, which is what Mike is talking to you about, unlike most economic forecasters, FedEx is actually talking to hundreds of thousands of customers. This is information that's infantry based. It's not 50,000 feet, it's based on what the folks that provide our volume are telling us. And the key driver of our business is industrial production. And in that regard, there's no question, as Mike said, we went through a brief soft patch here. About 40%, we would say, was related to the run-up in fuel price. And I can tell you having gone through this 6 times now in FedEx's history, when you get to the fuel prices of $4 a gallon at the pump, people began to retard their behavior. About 40% of it, we think, is related to the horrible tragedy in Japan and the interdiction of certain supply chains and reconfigurations just not being able to produce because the component parts weren't there, and about 20% was just sentiment related to these factors. So as the price of fuel is mitigated, some of the issues related to Japan have been improved, we believe that our economic outlook is reasonably correct.
Frederick Smith: It's certainly early to really start that. We have started planning and having some conversations with customers, but they have not released their forecasts. I would say the encouraging news on that front as oil prices subside, we do anticipate consumer spending to be stronger in the second half of the year. So hopefully, we'll see some of that going into peak season, but it's a bit early to make that call.
Frederick Smith: Let me add that inventory to sales ratios at this point are still quite lean in the supply chain, which bodes well for us. Having said that, consumer spending has been down. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate that to increase going forward which should help us with the combination of the lean inventories.
Frederick Smith: Well, I think rather than me opining on that because you're getting into an area of legal issues, let me ask our General Counsel, if you wouldn't mind, Christine Richards, to comment because she's more up to speed on those things than I am.
Frederick Smith: So the reason that's important in a discussion of the mix of international and domestic at Express is that we've made our ground network faster and many of our customers can use the lower-cost ground network to fulfill many of their needs. And the Express business is becoming and will become ever more international in nature. We've stated repeatedly over the last several years, there really isn't any domestic Express business and International Express business. It's just the Express business. And those things that need time definite transportation, whether it's from Sioux City to Miami or from Singapore to Milan, will use the Express network. And I would imagine if you fast forward 5 years from now, the percentage of revenues at Express will be significantly more in the international column than in the domestic column. And the incremental margins in the Express international business are much better than the domestic business, which is why we keep saying to you that we have a high confidence level that our margins will improve in the Express business. Now I want to also emphasize that even with the favorable outlook at Express, we're investing a lot of money in network development this year. You don't turn a profit when you add these network enhancements generally in the first month or 2. So we are investing in Asia and in Europe, and we still have good progress in our Express column for FY '12 in the guidance that Alan gave you. But that's what you can expect at Express in the years to come. International will surpass the domestic revenues and then substantially exceed it as a total of overall revenues in Express.
Alan Graf: Well, Jeff, I would tell you that part of the reasons for our increase in FY '12 is that we are going to take advantage of the Tax Relief Act and we get to write-off 100% or 50% of a lot of these assets. And we had them in our long-range plans. So some of that has been moved forward to take advantage of that, quite frankly. And so that should start to mitigate next fiscal year. But also, as I said earlier, I mean, we really like the opportunities that are in front of us and we see a lot of growth in most of our segments that we're very excited about. We had starved freight for a little while because they weren't making any money and it's time to get our equipment replaced there. So I think it's a combination of all of that. But we should, in the long run, be very comfortable in the 6% to 8% of revenue for the foreseeable future. And as far as being underleveraged, that will depend on how you want to read our balance sheet once the new lease accounting rules takes place. As you recall, back in the early days when we were cash flow negative, we financed a lot of this company with aircraft leveraged leases. We leased an awful lot of property around the world. So that adds to our leverage. So I think we're about right for where we are at the moment. And we'll be revisiting that in the next couple of years as we continue to build our positive cash flow.
Alan Graf: Well, no, it's not fuel. As I've said in my opening statement, 2 of the really spectacular ones this year were our pension costs and our maintenance costs on airplanes at Express. We expect maintenance to be almost flat year-over-year, just a small little increase. And our pension expense will actually be flat in FY '12 versus FY '11 despite a 61 basis point drop in the discount rate. Our performance of our portfolio was so strong that we're able to hold that flat. So those are completely gone. Offsetting that in '12 will, of course, the 401(k) reinstatement for the full year. Obviously, merit increases in healthcare. And then also, we still are not at our target variable comp and bonus programs yet, but we should be if we hit this range. So that will be a little bit of headwind in FY '12. So you'll see that reflected in Express's improvement in their margins substantially. Freight will improve theirs because of the project advance and their new system.
Alan Graf: I think the other thing, a couple of other things, obviously, as we add newness to the fleet with the 777s and retire the old 727 hanger queens, that's helping. And also there's just been a tremendous amount of productivity improvement in our maintenance operation at Express, particularly in the aviation group, have done a fantastic job. We're starting to see a lot of productivity gains from our investments and redesigns of some of our programs. And that's in FY '12, and I just expect it to not be a headwind at all for us in FY '12.
Alan Graf: No, David, this is Alan. Express operating margins and operating income are going to be up substantially in FY '12 from FY '11.
