Raj Subramaniam: And thank you, Brandon. I will start here and then have Brie talk a little bit more about revenue quality in a minute. But firstly, you're 100% right, we're building on a very strong foundation. And we're very fortunate to have had the opportunity to work so closely with Fred over the years, and we have a strong foundation to build from. My strategy is pretty straightforward. The number one element we talked about is revenue quality. And again, we will come in more about that. The second part of the strategy is going to be improve operating margins in each of our operating companies. And we will be extremely disciplined on our capital allocation and drive total shareholder return. So we'll look forward to sharing more with you next week. But let me turn it over to Brie to talk about revenue quality.
Raj Subramaniam: First of all, just say, the conversations with the activists here, but then I'll let Mike talk about the specific question here. We have been working on Investor Day for nearly a year and the strategies and the dividend plans are well in place. And so we know we had very strong plans, and then, long preceded any conversations that we had with anybody. And then when we had the opportunity to sit down with them is this clear alignment on where we were headed. So that was I wanted to make sure that you understood that, that this plans have been well in place for a long time. And a key part of the equation is what Mike's been talking about now.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, thank you, Helane. And yes, the pilot situation, just wanted to make two points. Firstly, I want to say thank you to our pilots who have done a tremendous job during this timeframe, and a big part of the value that they provide here. And secondly because of the work environment that we have in FedEx, there's no dearth of people have wanted to want to get into the FedEx portal. So that we're not seeing that as an issue for FedEx.
Raj Subramaniam: And Scott, yes, you're definitely not going to get me to give away the story for next week today, but I'll just tell you this much that, historically, express focus on time definite services, ground focused on day different services, and it's fantastic that we actually gained a lot of share in the U.S. domestic market over the last 20 years. And what has changed in the last three or four years is the emergence of ecommerce and residential delivery. And the emergence of day definite networks. They're different packages and both networks that gives us the opportunity to optimize across and we launched operate collaboratively a few years ago now, and we'll talk more about that next week.
Raj Subramaniam: David, you're breaking up a little bit, but let me answer the question that I thought I heard. I think, firstly, yes, year ago, but this time, we saw significant challenges on the labor front, that the labor availability started to go away from us. And the volume was very strong. And that resulted in inefficiencies in the network, and also, service challenges. By peak we had unwound the most of the network inefficiencies. And we have heavily focused on improving our service. And this is a conversation that we have every week. And I'm glad to say that week-over-week, month-over-month that we've improved our service, to the point now where I would say, back to a normal situation, we will not relent here. This is going to be purple promise and service differentiation is a key for our success going forward. And so we will get the service back to market leading and that's our goal.
Brie Carere: Sure, thanks, Raj. I think, yes, we've mentioned revenue quality a couple of times. We're operating in a very large market and it's not a homogenous market. We have spent a lot of investment getting to the place we are today. And we are incredibly proud of that value proposition. And so we're very focused on customers who value that. And so we're being selective in this market. We're targeting B2B, we're targeting small business. And we're really targeting customers that value the speed and the reliability we provide.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to Jack. So I think from a revenue quality perspective, if you look at the fourth quarter, we're actually quite pleased with the revenue quality that we were able to secure at FedEx Ground. I think two other things that is important to know within the mix of FedEx Ground, we're also very pleased that we've got the right mix. B2B is actually up and small business mix is up in the fourth quarter. So we're very pleased with that. I will say what is pressuring and honestly, what will pressure us as we move forward, is weights will come down, depending on the economy, so that is putting some pressure and then of course zone also was impacting that. But within each sell at FedEx Ground, we're quite confident that we are getting more for each package that we move, we're very pleased with the progress.
Brie Carere: I think the only other thing that I will add, as we kind of look at our number one, from a volume forecast perspective, we were conservative, and the range in the volume itself. And then as we go through the year, the comps in the back half, especially here from a domestic perspective, they're actually a little bit easier for us. So we've taken both kind of the economy into consideration, the size of the market, and obviously the year-over-year, but right now we feel pretty good about the range we have.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Jon. Very fair question. I think a couple of things. Number one, we've absolutely planned conservatively, so that we really can focus on those customers that value us. We have over the last couple of years done, I think a tremendous job negotiating mid- to long-term contracts that I think puts us in a really good place to stabilize the base of our volume. So to Mike's point, if things do soften from an economy perspective, I think we're in a really good position. And we're going to focus on disciplined revenue quality, disciplined targeted growth. And that will be kind of via our primary focus versus kind of selling the network from an alternative perspective. So I feel pretty good about where we are, despite some of the competitive activity and some of the other headlines while reading.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Jordan, appreciate the question. So specifically for Q4, fuel was the largest driver of the revenue quality. We also did, quite frankly, as I mentioned earlier, I thought the team just did a tremendous job within our portfolio of managing to hold on to the really our best and most profitable volume. So when you look at kind of the volume decline, we actually moved the right way within the Express Company domestically, we had lower volumes on deferred than our overnight from a year-over-year perspective. When you look internationally, the intercontinental, the team did a really good job of stabilizing volumes there. And actually, we decided to let some international domestic volume go. And then the same thing happened within ground, we will see the huge difference in ground economy decline versus actually we did a really good job of stabilizing the commercial on the HD, of course, our highest value proposition products. So from a revenue quality perspective, while fuel was the largest driver, we also did a great job. We continue to get inflation plus renewals, and they're really working on making sure from a mix perspective, we get the revenue for the most premium part of our portfolio. So I hope that helps clarify that.
Brie Carere: Hey, Brian, you're right. In Q4, we didn't see a lot of trade down as a couple of reasons for that, obviously, from an intercontinental perspective, capacity is still quite constrained. So, if the economy does continue to soften, do I anticipate that there will be more demand for deferred portfolio? I absolutely do. But we are very focused on customers who have a bundle, who have a deferred need and have a need for our premium portfolio. And so as we look at that targeted growth, we will be very thoughtful about not just attracting customers that rely solely on our deferred portfolio, it really is about [battling] [ph] to make sure that we maximize the value of our networks. Hope that helps clarify.
Brie Carere: Okay. I'm going to try to get it all. But please feel free to ask again, if I didn't miss the whole the whole question or question there. Okay, so I think the first question was when we were looking at the volume between express and ground and we're saying low single digits, the low single digit is the total volume. From a ground market perspective, we still believe in the secular growth of ecommerce, we have been looking at the ecommerce as a percentage of retail, it's still last number I looked at was just about 21%, pre-COVID, you were like 16, 17. So we still believe that ground has the largest growth opportunity and that is reflected in our range for this year. We've got Ground growing faster than Express. I don't think that would be a surprise to anybody on this call. And then as I mentioned in the back half the comps especially for Ground do get better. From an economy perspective. FedEx Ground economy, let me be specific there. I think you're going to see Q1 volumes look similar to Q4. And then we'll start to build that from there. Like I said, we really do need the economy product, it allows us to sweat our assets. And it is a need in the market, especially things off. And I want to make sure that my opening remarks didn't confuse anybody. We're very clear eyed about the economy in which we're operating when we said normalized economic environment and that we're not planning right now in our current forecast for a recession to Raj’s point. So I do anticipate that if the market softens, the economy products will have to play a larger role. But like I said earlier, we really have to get the bundle. And there's the vast majority of customers who have a home delivery need and a ground commercial need, do have either a return line that needs to use the economy product, they have a different SKU that has lower value. So that bundle is really important to us. And we have to make sure that that product is there to defend. And so I think long answer, but you'll see us build back some economy volume later in this year, I believe.
Brie Carere: Yes, great question. So from a B2B perspective, we've got a lot going on to improve our market share. And again, we're running a massive business. So I'll try to be specific without going kind of through every country in the world from a B2B, I guess one of the primary things that we're working on, and you're going to hear a lot about next week is our visibility tool. As you're talking about, managing very complex supply chains and you can imagine the amount of change that our customers have gone through over the last two years, visibility is critical. And then honestly, proactive visibility and having the tools to help customers reroute around a weather disruption, reroute around a port congestion. So we are really excited about our FedEx Ground platform that we've talked a lot about, this helps our largest customers, and in particular B2B customers really navigate and manage their supply chain. We are adding new capabilities onto this tool to allow us to intervene for our healthcare customers so that if there is a service disruption, we can intervene and re-ice or put something in a cooler. So I would say somatically for B2B, really giving customers the data, the tools, the insights, and then quite frankly, having the intervention capabilities that FedEx Express as to do something about it, because that is really most important. From a small business perspective, I'm just really enthusiastic, no one can touch our value proposition small bundle, or small customers need simplicity. And they tell us that over and over again, if you're a small customer, you're running just about every function in your business. And so if you've got a one stop shop, like FedEx with an LTL provider, with national coverage, it works really well. We've got the industry's leading loyalty program. And I think the pricing team has done a really good job using earn discount and some of our tools to really reward small businesses for that bundle. We'll talk about a little bit more next week. But like I said, I think we're pretty happy with our small business. And as I mentioned, in Q4, our small business mix did improve. And I guess sort of one other thing, when we're talking small business, not all small business is created equal. There are a large amount of very price sensitive, lightweight small businesses. That is not who we're targeting. So we're being very disciplined and on the portion of small business that we really are interested in. We're very confident in the momentum we've got.
Mike Lenz: And Jack, this is Mike. I want to make sure we emphasize too, it's not singularly driven by revenue quality in terms of how we drive ground margins further going forward. We won't repeat the labor challenges of last year, obviously. But in terms of the active initiatives we have underway, we'll get further maturation of the productivity initiatives that we started last year. We've got additional ones coming on later this year. And I alluded to, we've got multiple efforts to mitigate the liability costs and we wouldn't expect the rate of increase that we have experienced in the last couple of years on that front.
Mike Lenz: Well, Chris, this is Mike. I will give a little context around us by thinking around the range, and then Brie can give further backdrop for the economic perspective. But yes, we certainly are mindful of the conditions and uncertainty in the environment ahead. It's a wider range than we put out there last year exactly for that consideration. At the same time, though, we're confident that let’s say, it's balanced and achievable outcome that we can navigate amidst the uncertainty that's out there. So we felt that it was appropriate and where we need to get to.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Amit. Well, first, certainly, look, I highlighted three specific elements for ground cost improvements and efficiencies that we will be elaborating on further details next week. And as I said, we expect margin improvement at all of our transportation segments. And the most significant one will be at ground relative to FY 22, looking at FY 23. So appreciate the feedback there and absolutely understand that we need to give specifics and what are the actions that will get us there? I will take one exception there about target in this comment you made, our annual EPS for fiscal 22 fell within the range of guidance that we gave you a year ago. So while I appreciate there may have been different twists and turns along the way, in terms of how we got there, it was indeed within what was a pretty narrow range given all things considered.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Tom, there's a lot packed into that, again, but much of what's in terms of fleshing out details, and that is something that we can elaborate on and spend a whole lot more time on next week. But as Brie mentioned, the volume growth in the projection here for 23 is low single digit. So while there is continued yield opportunity, because of the inflationary environment, and because of the capabilities and value that our networks provide, we do have meaningful, significant costs and efficiency initiatives underway. I talked about how we're lowering our facility investment at Ground, the emphasis now is on utilizing the capacity that we have, sweating the assets and driving further efficiencies and productivity there. Raj mentioned to that, how we schedule our people in that to get an optimally targeted and resourced per sort in that. So there’s no sort of single magic bullet to point to there, but it’s a number of concrete, real initiatives across the enterprise that will allow us to achieve the results that we need to get to.
Mike Lenz: Okay, so Allison, yes, this is Mike. The ground network inefficiency aspect of the labor availability for FY 22, we pegged that at roughly 300 million. So that was certainly most prevalent in the first half of the year. So I think that addresses that. For the second part of your question.
Mike Lenz: Yes. So, Raj highlighted just the first leg of that roughly 6% improvement, just quarter-to-quarter. So that gives you a flavor of the opportunity ahead there. We certainly, I talked about the liability and the cost of risk. That was a significant impact to the margin and bending that going forward. That's going to definitely provide opportunity there the question earlier about, the labor market easing, even though we are hiring fewer new people that is supportive to have more efficient and a more safe operation to, than people that are more experienced. So again, all these elements come to play and good plans behind it that the team will be happy to speak further to next week.
Mike Lenz: Okay. And you're trying to get me to give away everything from next week. But I'll just -- I'll say, look, we've highlighted before that we were at a significant phase of [leaf] [ph] leading the Express air fleet. And as I said, that is going to come down, we can detail more of that going forward. We've built up the ground network, but the capabilities that are industry leading, and are going to be able to continue to realize value from that going forward and will further utilize that so we don't need to invest as much in the hard assets. We will certainly be investing in technology aspects to more fully utilize it and different -- and creative ways. So it's just a natural evolution from building to having these capabilities. And now transitioning, but I would remind you, too, we repurchased roughly 3% of our shares last year, while the dividend increase was certainly very significant. We've long been looking and striving to increase that in fact, it was the second largest percentage increase. So a few years ago, we actually had a larger percentage increase. So, again, it's just a natural evolution of where we are in terms of capital allocation and driving improved returns. And I look forward to elaborating further next week.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Brian, look, there's many elements of fuel as a -- when you aggregate it, and as Brie has highlighted before, it's a fundamental component of the overall pricing construct. So I'm not going to parse it out in terms of one specific aspect of it. But I would say in terms of the guidance that we have, the fuel price assumption that we have in there is not as high as current fuel prices. So that is -- maybe a little more help for you on that front.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Bascome, just to give you some parameters around how we have adapted and adjusted, previously when the trade or macro economic backdrop, and can change on you. In February of 2020, so, just before the pandemic, obviously, we were seeing significant shifts in trade policy and demand. And as a result, we had lowered our frequencies across the Trans Pacific by 20%, from the prior year. Well, then, fast forward a few months later, the pandemic and that when we had to completely realign and shift instead of temporarily parking airplanes. We were trying to get more lift back in the air to support commerce, to support the pandemic efforts on that. So, certainly, one we've demonstrated historically and two, I think as an organization, the ability and the speed at which we were able to adjust amongst all of our networks during the pandemic, gives us every confidence and the learning that we can react faster than we may have thought we could in the past. And we are absolutely prepared to do so.
Mike Lenz: Helane, first on the electric vehicles. That is why I spoke earlier about increasing our investment in vehicles across the board. The principal element of that is our continuing with the pickup and delivery electrification at Express. So that is absolutely a key plan going forward. And look, we're fully committed to reaching the goals by 2040. And that means we got to get going now on that replacement. I'll let Raj address the pilot consideration but thanks for the question.
Mike Lenz: Scott, first, this is Mike. Just to clarify, look, for ground to have the largest margin improvement of all the segments within the guidance we have here? Yes, it is the case that we have to see margin improvement, certainly in Q1.
Mike Lenz: Well, Scott, as I said, we expect margin improvement in all of our transportation segments. Look the freight LTL business has certainly evolved from where it was a number of years ago, you have a much greater discipline in terms of when the environment changes in terms of pricing discipline, when its demand is strong, there is not the degree of capacity adds which then is excess capacity when you go through a little more of a cyclical change. So we're very confident the discipline within both the industry overall, as well as the approach we're taking to it in terms of continuing to drive great margins, from an outstanding year upward from there.
Mike Lenz: Yes, sure. No, thanks, Jeff. So yes, let me clarify on the CapEx. So, indeed, it was the case that $400 million lower came in this year, because of for instance, we simply couldn't get some of the replacement vehicles in the timeframes anticipated given supply chain delays with the manufacturers there. Certain facility projects just didn't move at the pace as anticipated. So all that said, the 6.8 million for the current fiscal year considers that those will finish out and plus the other spending I outlined there. So I guess you could say if it had been 6.2 last year would have been 6.4 this year, but or 7.2 last year, it would have been lower this year. But again, at the end of the day, 6.8 last year and [6.8] [ph] this year. And then look on the BrightDrop electric vehicles is indeed the case that and we look at this from a very focused financial and economic perspective too in terms of our acquisition of this fleet. Obviously, it's a key underpinning of our carbon initiatives. But you're right, it does have much lower maintenance costs going forward and lot fewer moving parts, so on, so forth. So again, the total cost of ownership over the long run, we definitely believe that can exceed the combustion vehicle. So again, thanks for the question.
