Alan B. Graf: Well, thank you, Fred, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter of fiscal '12, FedEx Corporation earned $1.46 per share, a year-over-year increase of 22%. The result was within the range we provided in June and was led by our yield improvement program, outstanding performance at Ground and a swing to profit at Freight from last year. Looking at FedEx Corporation, revenue increased 11% to $10.5 billion versus $9.5 billion last year. Operating income increased 17% to $737 million versus $628 million the previous year, and our operating margin improved to 7% versus 6.6% the previous year. Our performance was led by Ground. Ground continued its outstanding performance for the segment. For the segment, revenue was up -- was $2.3 billion, up 16% versus last year's first quarter. Operating profit was $407 million, an increase of 42% and operating margin was 17.9%. Ground package volume was up 5% and yields were up 9%, 6% from base yield improvement and 3% from higher fuel surcharges. SmartPost average daily volume increased 29% to 1.4 million packages and yield was up 5%, all of which is attributed to higher fuel surcharges. The incredible industry-leading speed and reliability of the Ground network continues to win customers and deliver outstanding financial results. Looking at Freight, revenue was $1.33 billion, up 6% year-over-year. And operating income was $42 million versus a loss of $16 million a year ago, resulting from increased LTL yield and efficiencies coming from January's combination of FedEx Freight and FedEx National operations. LTL yield increased 11%, 6% from base yield improvement and 5% from higher fuel surcharges. LTL volume did decline 7%. Turning now to Express. Revenue for the quarter was $6.6 billion, up 12% from the prior year, but operating income fell 19% to $288 million. U.S. domestic package yields increased 13%, including 7% of base improvement and 6% due to higher fuel surcharges. IP package yields increased 16%. Fuel surcharge accounted for 6%, and base and exchange rates provided 10% in the year-over-year improvements. However, slower global economic growth, particularly from Asia, resulted in a shift to our lower yielding services and reduced demand in general for IP package and U.S. domestic services. U.S. domestic volume declined 3%. IP volume declined 4% and total International Priority weight was up 2%. I should note that last year, inventory restocking was occurring and the comparisons were going to be tough without the economic shortfall. The decline in economic conditions versus what we expected for the first quarter outpaced reductions in variable operating costs such as flat hours and FTEs. Simply stated, we put capacity out anticipating traffic that did not materialize. We have subsequently adjusted our networks to match current demand. Turning to our outlook. As we said in the release, we're projecting earnings to be $1.40 to $1.60 per diluted share in the second quarter and $6.25 to $6.75 per diluted share for fiscal 2012 compared to the company's previous full year forecast of $6.35 to $6.85 per share. This guidance assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices and moderate low growth in the global economy. Even though the economy for the rest of the fiscal year will be weaker than we thought when we provided annual guidance in June, the range was only lowered $0.10 per share as we expect further yield improvements across our portfolio, continued strong Ground and improved Freight performance, and we have positioned our express network for lower volumes. I should note that our express network is now properly aligned to current volume levels, and we have additional action plans and trigger points identified to quickly further reduce frequencies and expenses if the economic conditions continue to deteriorate from here. We are not relying on significant Express volume growth to drive operating margin improvement in quarters 2 through 4 at Express, which we know it will come. Strong Ground financial performance will continue, as well as ongoing profitability at freight. Additionally, we have built-in shock absorbers to use as needed such as reduction in variable compensation accruals. And with that, now we're ready to take questions.
Alan B. Graf: Well, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Dave to get more specific. We were on track for growth in June when we gave you our first quarter and annual earnings guidance. And then in July, we saw sudden deceleration that continued all the way through August, again, versus tough comps, particularly I'm talking about International Priority. And that's continuing right now. But we have done a substantial amount of network reduction, which does take us anywhere from a month to 6 weeks to change our flight schedules and change the amount of hours that we have in the field. And so we believe now that we've caught up with that, and I'm going to let Dave give you some more details because his team has done a great job.
Alan B. Graf: I want to go back also and talk about Ground and Freight, what we're seeing great productivity. I mean, 17.9% margins at Ground in the first quarter are phenomenal. And Freight, I mean its second consecutive quarter of profitability. We're starting to see a lot of productivity improvements with more to come from the combination of those networks. So on the cost side there, we're in terrific shape.
Alan B. Graf: We're only supposed to let you have one question, Art, but you snuck it in, so. I'm just saying understand that the trends that we saw in the first quarter are continuing in the easier comps in the second quarter out of Asia. There's no real pickup at this point. I think we had an earlier question about how do we have such good visibility? Well, since we're talking to our customers every day, they tell us exactly when and what they're going to ship. So I have a lot of confidence about what our Asia traffic is going to look like in the second quarter and all the way through the holiday season.
Alan B. Graf: Well, big change but really not too material. I mean, I'll talk about tax rate and interest, we got a lot of cash. We're capitalizing a lot of interest expense on the 777 deliveries. Our tax rates, a little bit lower because we are permanently investing offshore a lot of earnings that we actually do intend to reinvest offshore. So all those things, Jeff, are helping us below the line. But the real story will be how well the economy grows going forward and that will be the bigger difference as we look at quarters 2 through 4.
Alan B. Graf: Well, I think Mike hit it. I mean, it's consumer sentiment this time. We have an environment of significantly lower interest rates than we had in 2008. We have really -- if you look at Ground's performance and we still have an economy that is growing and moving things. And so at this point, there hasn't been this, well, we're just going to shut down everything kind of mentality that we went through the last time, I think. The company is much more flexible in its cost structure than it was back in 2008. We're able to react much more rapidly, much more variable costs than we were. So all of those things, I think, protect us on the downside. In my range, we have, because we are forecasting a substantial improvement year-over-year, we have our annual incentive compensation is being fully funded and it wasn't back in that timeframe. We can also start to reduce that and will if we start seeing a deterioration. So just a completely different situation. Our customers' hair is not on fire. They're just saying, "We're going to be steady as you go." So it just feels completely different than it did back in '08.
Alan B. Graf: A couple of things. First, we're not expecting the peak we had last year. But even with that, we're going to have a substantial earnings improvement in the second quarter even when you count the charges that we had in last year's second quarter. So sequentially from the first quarter -- I mean the company worked really hard in the first quarter to lower its cost to achieve that number. And so if we were going to have our normal really high peak, you'd probably see a lot bigger differential sequentially Q2 over Q1. As we get to the second half, again, Express -- we expect Ground and Freight to continue their performance. And Express, we think the volume situation will be a little better than it was in the first quarter with a little bit of growth, but we don't need a whole lot to hit those numbers. And so that's why I still have a pretty wide range for the year. It depends on where the economy falls out. But right now, we're feeling, like we told you, fairly confident that it's going to be a steady as she goes and no double dip.
Alan B. Graf: I think you got to take a look at the performance of the company in general. I mean, we're in a 25% ROIC at Ground. I'm going to put as much money in Ground as they can possibly stand and continue to grow and take market share with those margins in return. So we're not backing off any. We may even be accelerating there. In terms of Freight, we're going to make sure that we have the most modern equipment and the highest-service levels to help them get back to their double-digit margins. So we're going to continue to invest there. And in terms of Express, we're not going to back off from our 777 orders, whatsoever. We may delay some station expansion and some hub improvements and things like that depending, but it'll just be on the margin. But remember, we're still enjoying the accelerated depreciation from a tax standpoint, so we still want to take advantage of that. We'd be looking more at FY '13 and beyond for us to be talking about any significant reduction in CapEx.
Alan B. Graf: I will just say that we're not expecting a big difference from what we experienced in the first quarter, particularly in the second quarter. We do expect it to slowly improve on the comps year-over-year. But we don't, again, as I've said in my opening remarks, we don't need, at Express, much growth at all to hit the range that I've given you because we have done such a good job of matching the size of our network accordingly. And don't forget about our yield improvement program which is delivering unbelievable results, as I mentioned to you, on the base improvements, and that is going to continue. Regarding the buyback, it's not a material impact in the range.
David J. Bronczek: Donald, this is Dave Bronczek. Thanks for the question. Well, Alan said it right. We've readjusted our Linehaul anticipating moderate growth over in Asia. Of course, when you saw the quarter -- last quarter, we were at 6% growth in IP in Q4 to negative 4%. So we're actually very comfortable with the performance that we're expecting in Q2 relative to our new network performance that we put in place. And I think you'll see improved profits and margins for Express coming out of Q2. And the question specifically on Hong Kong, we're actually going to see a pickup in our traffic relative to last year's Q2. We have more high-tech customers that shipped last year in Q1 that are going to be shipping in Q2.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks, Alan. That's right. We actually have -- and going back to that earlier question from Donald, our comps in Q2 will be much easier for us to hit, quite frankly, on the revenue side. And our expenses are better because we've actually gone back and adjust the Linehaul, the frequencies, the headcount and some of the traffic that we're anticipating coming from some high-tech customers in Q2. So we're positioned quite well for Q2.
David J. Bronczek: Well, thanks for the question. It's actually a combination of everything you just said. It is a slowing down in Asia, obviously, when you look at our Q4 IP performance of plus 4% on the volume and up on the yields and then negative 4% in Q1, so it swung pretty dramatically. So it's partly that. It's partly that last year in Q1, if you go back, actually, our 2-year running rate for Q1 to Q1 is actually up 14%. That just goes to show you how strong last year's Q1 was for IP and driven obviously by Asia and specifically, China. So you have a very high Q1 last year. And to compare it to Q1 this year, it was tougher. We had a lot of traffic in the high-tech sector in Q1 last year. That's actually shifted to Q2 this year. So Q2's comps, you can understand, are more -- they're relatively easier to hit and the expenses are better because we went back and readjusted the Linehaul so that it actually gives us the confidence in the Q2.
David J. Bronczek: Yes. Japan, obviously, like most of Asia Pacific kind of fell into the same soft patch that Billy was talking about. But mostly, it was China. So I would say that Japan and most of Asia Pacific was softer. In terms of Latin America, yes, that's actually been strengthening. So we're seeing some additional volume from Brazil and Mexico and Latin America in general. But the question on Japan, kind of fell under the same category, but it was the lesser impact.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. That's correct. We've added some more investments in Europe, Asia, Latin America, and they're all geared to improve our profits and our margins. They're all organic in nature. They're all station operation, sales marketing and so forth. So it is the same as we said in Q4 of last year. We decided to keep those programs in place because they were going to improve our profits and our margins. And they're all organic inside FedEx Express in Europe, Asia and Latin America.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we -- as you know, we acquired a company in India for exactly that purpose to bundle and leverage the domestic market in India and our international business in and out of India. And of course, that market is so important to us strategically going forward, connecting India to Asia, and India to Europe and the United States. So we've made a lot of improvements there, bought a very nice company there and we're integrating it to bundle our customers to give them better value.
David J. Bronczek: Well, we obviously don't give out regions in IP volumes and so forth. But I'll add to what Alan said before on a comp basis year-over-year. We're very pleased with how the performance is going to do in Q2 for IP going into the comp comparison year-over-year for volume, it will improve and the yields are still strong, and our expenses are improving. So really, that's a story for us for International in the Q2.
David J. Bronczek: The answer is yes obviously. We adjusted the Linehaul. It didn't affect the service at all. But we did because of the lower volumes, we were able to take some of the frequencies out and move them into the United States and when we need to, we can look at adjusting it further.
David J. Bronczek: I think it's important to point out that we're such a big, powerful network that we have a lot of flexibility and the utilization of our planes is really the key. I mean, when there's a swing up in demand, we add extra sections and extra frequencies. When there's swings down, we pull them down. And so pull down our flight hours and all the associated costs that go along with that. It's a big swing. Now what Alan said to start with is June actually, we're starting off pretty strong and right when we got into July, that we saw the changes start to take place. So to pull the network back takes a little bit of time. The good news is we've done that now. If it continues to strengthen, then we have the flexibility to add the frequencies back in.
T. Michael Glenn: Matthew, let me review our current GDP assumptions. For calendar year FY -- excuse me, calendar year '11, our current GDP forecast is 1.8%. For calendar year '12, our GDP forecast is 2.5%. The industrial production forecast for calendar year '11 is 4.1% and the industrial production forecast for calendar year '12 is 3.9%. I think it's important to note the forecast has come down for just a couple of reasons. One, as you know, the Bureau of Economic Analysis revised down the historical GDP growth rates and that impacted about 2/3 of our forecast. The other third of the forecast was really impacted by the issues that we're dealing with, with the U.S. debt crisis, Treasury downgrades and the EU debt crisis. And let me put a point on the debt ceiling debate and its impact on consumer sentiment. There was a university -- excuse me, a Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index study that was done during the time of the debt ceiling debate, and over that 2-month period, consumer sentiment dropped almost 16 points and it was directly related to the lack of confidence in the country's ability to deal with that issue. So make no mistake about it, a lot of what we're dealing with today is sentiment based. There's some sound underlying economic issues such as the auto sector which we talked about earlier, but we've got to turn around the sentiment in order to see some growth beyond what we're expecting right now.
T. Michael Glenn: Art, this is Mike. The list price increase that we announced for Express and U.S. export is consistent with what we've done in the last 2 years. During this period of time, I'm also very proud of the sales team and the revenue management team for the job that they've done in working with our customers to renegotiate new contract rates. We have been exceeding our expectations in that regard and are quite pleased with that performance and expect that to continue at least through this contract cycle.
T. Michael Glenn: Retailers have certainly responded to the weaker sentiment by managing inventory levels very conservatively. As a matter of fact, the value of inventory levels relative to sales is near historic lows, and we believe that any increase in consumer sentiment and consumer spending could certainly benefit us by more expedited transportation based upon these lean inventories. So as we see new product introductions in the tech sector, particularly in the mobile device sector, that can certainly benefit us.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I agree with what Dave said. And again, I'd like to reinforce is the consumer sentiment issues that we're dealing with right now. There's just an overall lack of confidence, and I think that's impacting certainly exports out of Asia and China in general. We were impacted most by the tech sector, though.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes. I think the best way to deal with the IP issue is to state that we have seen a modest improvement in trends going forward relative to our expectations. But as Alan said, we don't anticipate a significant peak this year, so that's important to keep in perspective, that we do anticipate some product launches in the tech sector based upon feedback from our customers which will certainly benefit us. And we've got better comps. But again, I would just summarize by saying that we have seen some improvement relative to what we've been seeing in the quarter. But we don't expect strong volume growth in that sector, as Alan mentioned earlier.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes. Let me just add to what Fred said because that's right. If you look at our numbers closely there, our IPFS weight, the pounds actually went up 2% year-over-year in Q2. So they shifted some of the premium products into more deferred as well.
