Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. Our U.S. GDP forecast is now 2.2% for calendar ‘14 and 3.1% for calendar ‘15. The change to calendar ‘14 is entirely due to bad weather and the inventory shift in the first quarter. Our expectations for economic growth for the remainder of the year have actually improved somewhat. We expect industrial production growth of 3.6% this year and 3.7% in calendar ‘15. The global economy is recovering from the Q1 setback in the U.S. and slowdown in China, and should steadily improve. We expect global growth of 2.7% in calendar ‘14 and 3.1% in calendar ’15. Now let me make a couple of comments on the company's yield performance by segment. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express Domestic package yield increased 0.9% in the fourth quarter. The increase was driven by weight and product mix. The Ground package yield increased 2.9% in the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by rate and discount, product mix and extra service fees. Excluding fuel, International Export Express package yield increased 3%, primarily driven by rate and discount improvement, package weight and product mix. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight declined to 0.4% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Rates, however, improved during the quarter. Changes in other shipment characteristics including higher weight per shipment resulted in the year-over-year decline in the yield per hundredweight but contributed to margin improvement. The higher weight per shipment drove an increase in yield per shipment. And now, I’m going to turn it over to Alan Graf for his comments.
Mike Glenn: Well, thank you. The FedEx Ground didn’t change the contention of the dimensional weight pricing policy that we've had in place for some time. Dimensional weight pricing is a common industry practice as you know and it’s been in place for Ground for packages measuring 3 cubic feet or more for several years. So what we’re really doing is bringing consistency to the Ground and Express segment by applying the dimensional weight policy to all packages. It's important to note that we announced this change several months ahead of, when we would typically announce the price change and the reason for that is to give us plenty of time to work with customers to refine their packaging specs to make sure that the packaging moving through our system and the system of our customers is the most efficient, which will benefit both the customer and FedEx. So we're taking a very collaborative approach, working with our customers on this, making sure that they have access to our packaging lab and we’re working with them on a customer by customer basis as required to make necessary changes to improve their efficiency. So it will have a positive impact, obviously if we can improve the efficiency, the packaging that creates capacity in the network for us which is a positive thing.
Mike Glenn: Well, first of all, it would be difficult for me to speculate on the impact of the Ground dimensional weight price change, because as I mentioned, one other things that we are working on right now is helping our customers utilize more efficient packaging. I don't think I have to tell you, if you receive any kind of packages at your home, whether their cookies from grandma or an e-commerce package, they're not always packed efficiently. And so there is sufficient opportunity out there for us to work with customers to make better packaging decisions, which would obviously, significantly, impact the extent to which the dim weight change is actually applied in terms of billing. So, I certainly can't speculate, would not speculate on the bottom line impact dimensional weight change. But we are constantly evaluating all of our pricing policies and as you recall several years ago, we made a change to the dim weight divisor for both Express and Ground that has served FedEx well. We followed that up with this change and we will continue to evaluate those. But we look at dimensional weight pricing changes, GRIs and other surcharge and an extra service charge fees as part of an entire pricing strategy and yield management strategy.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike. Clearly, there are multiple considerations when making these pricing decisions. We operate in a very fragmented LTL space and certainly aware of some of the optional dimensional density-based pricing that is being offered in the segment to some customers. As the leader in the LTL industry in terms of revenue and volume, certainly we have a clear view of the market conditions and we will consider any opportunities to more efficiently price the LTL service. I think it is important to note that the class system that is used today is overly complicated. Now having said that, that doesn't mean the change occurs quickly. These are -- this is a pricing system that has been in place for decades and will take time to modify many customers like it and they don't want to get rid of it. And some customers are more open to different pricing strategies. So we will continue to evaluate the opportunities and work with customers, but I think it would serve the industry well over the long haul if the LTL pricing environment was simplified.
Mike Glenn: I just wanted to make a comment about the international transportation segment. I gave three speeches over the winter, which are published on the FedEx IR website. And I think one of the problems actually sometimes with people commenting on international trade and the air cargo business specifically is you don't break it into the granular sectors that we see on a day-to-day basis. And you really have to understand it in terms of the door-to-door express segment, the general air cargo segment and the ocean freight segment. And what customers are increasingly doing is moving to a more just-in-time door-to-door regime for the things that are important. And in that segment it is both priority and economy because you're talking about the difference between one to two days and two to four days, still massively faster than sea freight. But as the cost of fuel continues to go up, people are doing all kinds of things including relocating things to Mexico, which is why we several years ago bought a wonderful company in Mexico and we’re now uniquely positioned for the cross-border NAFTA trade there. And then the commodity freight is sort of toggling between the express segment and the sea freight segment. And that's where people get a little bit off base is they tend to look at the market as much more holistic than it actually is. 
Alan Graf: I’m going to get Dave take the bulk of this answer, but I just want to start off by saying that, obviously the international revenue outlook and global trade outlook today are significantly lower than they were in October of 2012 when we set out the five pillars. So we've had to significantly revise how we get to the 1.6. We’re still working hard. We’ll still get to generally in those categories, but we have to adjust our international network to be able to reach those goals. So we significantly have less capacity than we did in October of 2012, and we will let Dave talk about what his team is doing to continue this down the road.
Alan Graf: Hey, Chris. It’s Alan. Let me say that, echoing what Fred said, we have plenty of room for investment in fleet modernization Express and Ground, as well as to continue to provide return to our shareholders. And as I said, we’re going to finish the buyback the remaining authorization of 5.3 million shares, if not by the end of the quarter, certainly by the end of the calendar year. So we're continuing that. We had great discussions with our Board about this subject and [it's a kind of focus for us] (ph), not going to comment anything at this point, but we have it right in front of us as one of the objectives to continue to do along with getting the double-digit corporate margins.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I want to add to that a little bit. It’s actually more beneficial from return on invested capital standpoint to have our customers adjust their packaging and for us to collect the dim surcharge. That’s because we basically get free space with no capital investment. So it's equal driver if not more important for that to occur.
Alan Graf: We like acquisitions. We are always looking with Fred’s three criteria, I think, guiding us. I think, we have made some great acquisitions over the years, Flying Tigers, Caliber, which was RPS, which is now Ground, which you will probably have more EBITDA this year than we paid for it. We have also not made some acquisitions that had been great. We have a culture fit or it’s going to be too expensive and as we look back on it, we are thankful for some of the moves we haven’t made. So, it’s a two-way street. My eyes are always open and we will continue to look, but that’s where we have always been.
Alan Graf: It used to be that international trade was a multiple of global GDP. And those days have passed and however we are, as Mike told you, looking for improvement in the global GDP through calendar ‘14 and certainly end of ‘15. And with that, we do expect global trade will pick up. I don't think it will be a multiple of GDP but we do expect it to pick up. And when it does, we have the best, fastest, most global network out there and we should benefit from it.
Alan Graf: David, this is Alan. I just want to add that our use of technology here is unbelievable. The productivity that we’re driving, the efficiencies that we’re driving through the great technology that we have and that we’re developing is making a big impact on this productivity issues. We couldn’t do without it frankly and there’s more to come here. And we’re getting traction everyday and I’d like to turn over to my partner Rob Carter to talk about that.
Alan Graf: It will definitely be a significantly lower number in ‘15 and ’14 as was ‘14 versus ’13. Jeff, it was on the back of very strong return on assets. We actually had another discount rate decrease at our measurement date, which was May 31, which was a little surprising. But offsetting that are we have merit increases, we have healthcare increases. Hopefully as the company does better, we’re going to rebuild our annual incentive pools to higher level. So we’re going to use some of that pension good news to put in it additional programs for our employees and that's all in the guidance.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Alan. And thanks for the question, Ken. Fred commented on it and Alan did also. We are on track and on target to hit our profit improvement by the end of running out of FY’16. But as importantly, we're on track and on target to run out FY’15 on track and on target at 75% of all the profits that we actually talked about in 2012. Alan’s right though, we actually have a different makeup and a different mix. We have better cost management. And partly because of the global shift of business, we had more deferred traffic that entered into our marketplace and into our network quite frankly than we did in 2012. So we had taken down some capacity. We realigned our networks. I wanted to thank all of our Express teams all around the world for actually doing a terrific job of resetting their priorities and realigning our network. And by the way in FY -- in the fourth quarter, Alan mentioned it as well, we had significant fuel headwinds in one less operating day and still beat our operating profit margin and profits year-over-year.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Let me answer the international priority question. First of all, it’s important to note that for FedEx Express international priority in our global network represents 74% of all of our international revenue. So it's always been and will always be a prominent dominant role in our network. And to the point that Alan made, our IP box grew 2% this quarter and our IP yields grew 2% this quarter. We did shift some traffic that was deferred out of our networks, that’s actually benefited the customer and benefited FedEx. So just wanted to make sure that the understanding for international priority is still the vast majority of our revenue in our networks.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave. That was part of the multi pack acquisition we made down there, terrific domestic company that went along with our business we've already had in Mexico. And we see a lot of trade back-and-forth from Mexico to the United States, its increasing. A lot has shifted out of Asia quite frankly into Mexico. So the acquisition we made several years ago now is very valuable for our going forward profitability. It’s also part of the whole network done in the Latin America. As Mexico play such a key role in that whole part of the world. So it's a good call out. I appreciate that. Their hub is up and running, 65,000 handling packages a day and it can go up from there. So we’re doing very well down there and Juan Cento and his team are to be commended for that.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks Fred and that's exactly right and that nothing short of spectacular. I was there in April for the ribbon cutting. The employees there are fantastic. The customers all showed up in big numbers and they are supporting our network out there and they told us that they would and they have. Fred is right, you can come off of Osaka and go all the way to Europe into our Charles de Gaulle hub. You can go to the United States, the fastest latest pickup times. You can come off of there with deferred traffic, which we also have. You load up all of our containers and all of those flights and so they're all full. It's been one of our better strategic initiatives that we put in place in many, many years. And I can tell you that it's very efficient, very successful. You can flex up off of that hub as trade goes up and you can flex down if you were to go down. So it's actually perfect.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave again and then Fred wanted to comment as well. But let me just say that it’s been a very big part of our whole portfolio. It's been very significant when we talk to very big customers or small but in the main, very big and they are looking for fast overnight. We've got that with our triple sevens and one they want deferred, we now have that in a big way with our ocean forwarding business in FedEx trade networks but more importantly, we now can go to a customer and bundle the whole portfolio in a way that we couldn't do in the past. So it's been very successful.
Dave Bronczek: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I meant to comment on this earlier. We talk about international all the time, but our US domestic Express team is doing a fantastic job. They've had attrition and they haven’t backfilled people in the past and going forward that will continue to be the case with consolidated facilities, with consolidated routes. Productivity is going up. Efficiency is going up. The restructuring transformation in the United States is very significant in our plans going forward. So the United States team that’s listening to this call, I wanted to thanks them and congratulate them as well. We talk about international up, but as importantly the United States Express team.
Fred Smith: We’re basically spending capital on two major initiatives. The first is the growth in our Ground network as we continue to exploit the great improvements that the Ground team had put in place over the last decade. And second to modernize our aircraft fleet. We’re not adding capacity. But every time we bring on one of these new fuel-efficient airplanes and replace the legacy capacity, we get immediate hit to the profitability of the company and build a much stronger long-term future. So I think we believe capital is going to stay in the same general area that you've seen it. But as Alan mentioned in his remarks, we’re very focused on improving our margins and improving our cash flow and EBITDA. So while the CapEx will remain high in absolute terms, we believe as a percentage of revenues, they should drift down, but the primary expenditure on those two programs that I just mentioned.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Jack. Well, first of all let me say, we don't comment on the competitive pricing strategy at all. I couldn’t speculate regarding what others might do regarding GRIs. We've announced our GRI. We announced the change to the fuel surcharges. Alan mentioned so, I can't speculate on what others might do. The growth that we’re seeing at FedEx freight is driven by several things. One is a very positive customer response to the value proposition that we have which allows the selection between priority and economy services. Two is the outstanding service that we’re delivering at FedEx Freight. And the third point, which is significant as we've seen an increase in demand from small and midsize customers and that in large part is due to the great collaboration we have between the operating units all the way down to the ramp level in our sales team. They're executing to perfection in terms of the strategy that we've laid out. And as Bill said, it's allowing us to be very efficient in terms of growing our business with the proper balance between shipment growth and yield improvement to maximize margin. So that's really what you're seeing and we're very pleased with that and we plan to continue that strategy.
Fred Smith: Allison, this is a very volatile part of our business on the short-term look on the P&L. And it really depends on the timing of what happens with fuel price and our surcharges versus what happened last year with the timing of prices and surcharges. So it's not just simply fuel price, it’s the relationship of fuel price to when we can catch up with the surcharge and how fast that is compared to what happened in the previous year. So we have had some years where we’ve had some thrilling impacts to the P&L both good and bad. And so what we’re saying in our guidance is that right now we’re not expecting for the corporation to have that happen this year but of course with things that are going on in the Middle East, it’s a big wildcard. And so we want to make sure that we call that out as a risk. It’s also a possible opportunity. But if fuel prices continue to go up, there is also the elasticity impact of the size of the fuel surcharge to how our customers react to that in terms of the selection of the service that we’re providing.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith here. Let me make a comment on this in the context of a broader issue and that is the initiative on behalf of the entire LTL and Ground Parcel industry to have the federal standards for the twin trailers which are the standard in these sectors increase from 28-feet to 33-feet. A lot of time the general news media talks about quote the trucking industry, of course, it's divided into two parts, the truckload sector, which uses 53-foot trailers and often times those trailers are used to pull very heavy loads, which make it controversial in terms of road repair and so forth. In the Ground Parcel business and the LTL business, in both cases, you cube out long before you weight out. So if the federal standard were increased, there would be millions and millions of fewer miles driven per day, it’s about an 18% increase in cube, massive amounts of fuel saved and CO2 emissions avoided and you would actuarially eliminate over 400 accidents per year just by reducing the number of vehicles on the road. So the entire industry is behind this and we're very hopeful it will pass in Congress soon, because again, it's safer, it's more efficient and it’s less fuel, and it’s an exactly the same vein as this dimensional weight increase. At the end of the day with fuel prices where they are today, this industry must do everything it can to more efficiently utilize the cubic space, because we do not come up against weight limits only against cube limit.
Fred Smith: In that regard, we got a question over the Internet from Michael Mathay, AllianceBernstein. I'll take part of this and then ask Dave to put some color on it.
Fred Smith: Our strategy in the Express business to reiterate is to operate an unduplicated backbone priority network that allows people to move door-to-door express shipments of parcels and light freight between -- between almost any two points on the planet within one to two business days and not dissimilar to Freight and Ground. We also offer an economy service, which in the main is moved on other people’s networks because we have an extra day or so to process and customers make the choice between priority and economy. Same pickup-and-delivery operations, same information technology, same scanning and so forth and we think that that is a very winning strategy. The Osaka hub was an extraordinarily important piece to this puzzle. And I’ll ask Dave to comment on it because he was out there for the opening. But with our triple seven airplanes, we can come off of the Osaka hub and go straight into our major hubs in the United States which we do everyday and back to our hubs in Europe. And it's the fastest possible service with the latest possible pickup and the ability to add any point on the network without having to have a transpacific frequency. So this has been an integral part of our long-term strategy and plan. And I'll ask Dave to comment on it because again he was out there just recently.
Fred Smith: Let me just add that one of the objective that we’ve been after aside from the fact of improving our operating margin is to do what Dave just said is to provide much more flexibility in this network so that we can move much quicker than we’ve been able to do in the past, which should prevent us from having big down cycles as we react to this big huge fixed cost network. We’re getting more and more nimble and we’re going to continue to improve that over the next 24 months.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Hi, Kelly. This is Henry Maier. Year-over-year volume comps for SmartPost are really impacted by one customer who change their distribution model earlier in the year. If you exclude that one customer, SmartPost grew roughly 14 5% over the year. That's still a pretty good business. We are uniquely positioned to ride this wave that e-commerce is generating and I’ve talked about this before here, it’s a portfolio play with SmartPost for largely customers who want to offer free shipping and then FedEx Home Delivery for high-touch, high-visibility customers, who choose that type of service for their product. I don't think that those can be disconnected. Our customers increasingly are telling us that they want the option for both services in the portfolio and that’s the way we think about this.
Henry Maier: Hey, Scott. This is Henry Maier. Well, first of all, let me reiterate that the Ground team that includes me would not be satisfied with anything less than margins in the high-teens. We are laser focused on reducing our costs through state-of-the-art technology and disciplined expense control, and we’re focused on sound capacity investments improving our yields and producing industry-leading margin. Thanks.
Henry Maier: Thanks, Tom. Well, I mean, the short answer is, is that the reason why we had the margin improvement over the third quarter is we stop piling snow, that’s -- I mean, that's the simple answer. I mean, once the weather went back to be and something close to normal and we remove a lot of those expenses. I mean everything normalize pretty quickly both on the operation side of the house for us and what we see with respect to customer shipping patterns. In regard to your question about fourth quarter margins versus last year, the biggest reason for the differences is simply a higher network expansion cost year-over-year. We have talked about our increase CapEx for capacity expansion. You can't grow 10% a year the way we've been growing the last couple years without add more capacity to the network and we’ve had to do that. And we do that from very disciplined standpoint with very high ROIC hurdles before we approve the project. I don’t know what more I can say about that, I hope that answers your question. But, I said at the outset here that, we are just simply not satisfied with anything other than margins in the high-teens at FedEx Ground and our operations team works very hard to control expenses and when we design these facilities, particularly the new ones, they include state-of-the-art material handling equipment to reduce our costs over the long-term. Thanks.
Henry Maier: Yes. I think the short answer is that the distribution change was made to go directly to the Postal Service as opposed to using SmartPost to get their packages into the USPS. Regarding yields, we’ve been focused on yields of SmartPost for some time. We are confident we will replace this customer’s volume with volume that is not only higher yielding but has better margins than the business it left. I can also tell you and I can’t tell you to what extent, but we believe that some of that volume also ended up in other FedEx networks. And the other thing I would say is that I don't believe all of it will leave. So hope that answers your question.
