Fred Smith: Good morning and welcome to our discussion of results for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. FedEx Corporation is performing solidly given somewhat weaker than expected global economic conditions, especially in manufacturing and global trade. Our profit improvement plan is on track and delivering impressive results. Well done to the Express Team. FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight have several anomalies in the first quarter, which will be discussed by Alan Graf and the OpCo CEOs during their presentation. Overall, FedEx service levels are excellent, our culture remains strong, and our balance sheet is solid. We remain confident FedEx is well-positioned to deliver long-term value for customers, shareowners, and team members in FY ‘16 and beyond. As we said in the past and reiterate today, we are confident we can continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flow, and returns on invested capital in the years to come. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Mike Glenn, who will talk about the economic outlook, and he'll be followed by Alan Graf in his comments on the quarter.
Fred Smith: And this is Fred Smith. Let me just make one comment here. It seems to me that people were sort of missing about the lower guidance. Had we not had the self-insurance reserve increase, we wouldn’t have adjusted the guidance down by 2% and we would have quote ‘beat the quarter’, because we don’t make quarterly estimates, you folks do. So the whole thing about the quarter is one issue and so self-insurance reserve. All the rest of the stuff is just noise and various issues when inside the operating company, so it's important that you focus on that one issue.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Alan answered the first part of your question and Henry answered the second part of the question. So, we’re not going to go over the Ground again.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me jus make one broader point here. I think most of the people on the call know this. All of the litigation that Christine was talking about is really in the rearview mirror. I mean, we bought RPS years ago which was built on a very innovative model that gave people areas as an independent contractor; you could build your business. I met with one the other day. I just did my heart good. He started off with one truck. Now he’s got 23 trucks, he’s got a house and lake house. And we had to in relation to the litigation and the state laws, which were essentially directed at contractors that were performing work for builders that have created this lawsuit of cottage industry here and now of course it being reflected in the Uber litigation and so forth, we moved years ago away from being able to give somebody that kind of an opportunity. So today we only contract with incorporated businesses. We audit them to make sure that they are paying their taxes and doing all other things. And I think unfortunately, it's eliminated a great opportunity for young people to build the business. But litigation Chris is talking about has no relation whatsoever to the business model that FedEx Ground has today. So it's just managing these things. And we won this case at the MDL litigation and then it went back to California in the Ninth Circuit at an adverse ruling and we settled the case and moved on. So it's important to recognize that litigation that you are talking about not the NLRB ruling is essentially a model that no longer exists at Ground.
Mike Glenn: Thanks Fred. I'll open with our economic outlook and then discuss our yield in each segment along with the pricing actions that we announced yesterday. We see moderate economic growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP forecast is 2.5% for calendar ‘15 and 2.8% for calendar ‘16 led by gains in consumer spending in the near-term. We expect industrial production growth of 1.6% in calendar ‘15 and 2.6% next year. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.5% for calendar ‘15 and 2.9% for calendar ‘16. The IP forecast of 1.6% of calendar ‘15 is 60 basis points below our June estimate. Weather, foreclosures, lower oil CapEx, and weak export from the strong dollar slowed production early in the year. Due to the strong imports, we saw and inventory buildup in the first half of calendar ’15, which will be a drag on IP in the near-term. Now let me make a couple of comments on the company's yield performance in each segment. In the domestic Express sector, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year yield per package grew 2.4% primarily due to rates and discounts. Excluding the impact of fuel and comparing the year-over-year yield on a gross basis for SmartPost, ground yield per package including SmartPost increased 5.5% driven primarily by changes in dimensional weight rating, extra services, and SmartPost customer mix. In the international export segment, excluding fuel, international export express package yield decreased 1.3%, primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange rates, which outweighed the positive impact of weight, rate, and discount changes. If you exclude fuel and exchange rate impact, IP base yield was up 4% and IE yield was up 4%. In the Freight segment, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 3.3% year-over-year, primarily driven by rate and discount and shipment class. As we announced yesterday, we’ll be raising rates at FedEx Express, Ground, and Freight by an average of 4.9% on January 4, 2016. In addition to the rate changes, FedEx is also increasing surcharges for unauthorized packages in the FedEx Ground network that exceed the size and weight limits as outlined in the FedEx service guide, and we’re also updating certain fuel surcharge tables at FedEx Express and Ground effective November 2, 2015. We’re also well-prepared for what we expect to be another record peak holiday season, and I'll note that we’re not slowing or adjusting our service commitments heading into peak. We’ve been closely working with our customers all year to understand their peak shipping needs and we stand ready to deliver. We expect to add more than 55,000 seasonal positions throughout the network that help the holidays arrive this year. Based upon our growth expectations and network expansion, many of these seasonal workers will have an opportunity to continue working with us after the holidays. And now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Mike Glenn: Thanks Allison. Just based on the recent activity, I would say that the market is right for that, but Con-way just was acquired by XPO. We understand what it takes to integrate a rather large acquisition like that, so we have to stay focused on our strategy and execute what we're doing, that's exactly what we’ll do.
Mike Glenn: Rob, I’ll start, this is Mike Glenn. I’ll start with talking about oversized and unauthorized packaging. The change that we announced yesterday targeted specifically unauthorized packages, and those are packages where the dimensions and/or weight exceed those as specified in the FedEx service guide. If you would look at one of these packages, you would more likely to expect it to travel in an LTL network. It is up to FedEx Ground as to whether we accept these packages, but we felt the change was needed in the price or the surcharge if we elected to do so. The second category is oversized packages, and those are packages that have specifications that are within our current service guide features of service, but happen to be longer or heavier than a typical package. Those carry a separate surcharge with the dramatic shift in e-commerce, where more and more e-commerce companies are electing to ship those packages through networks like ours rather than handle them in the store. We’ve seen an increase in those types of packages. We are working with those individual customers that are driving that change, at least the ones that are having the biggest impact and obviously, we always look at pricing opportunities to mitigate that where needed. So overall, we do an excellent job of handling those packages in our network, but it’s obviously something we will continue to monitor.
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Chris. Well, first of all, on the self-insurance reserve, we believe where we need to be right now. I think you have to understand on here that one of the drivers of that is our business is growing. We drive more miles. We put more trucks on the road, and there is an accrual based on the number of miles we drive. It’s also largely a backward looking event from an accounting standpoint. In terms of GENCO, I would say GENCO has exceeded our expectations today. We are well on track to get the integration implemented as quickly as possible. There are a number of benefits that come with the GENCO acquisition, namely the ability to sell additional value to customers. GENCO provides us with some capabilities that customers value highly and frankly, FedEx doesn’t provide, so going through time that will certainly pay dividends. As Alan said, we expect this to be pretty much concluded by the end of 18 months. I don’t know what more color I can give you than that.
Mike Glenn: Yeah, Tom. The costs are going to be significantly lower. This was why we did it. I’m not willing to put a range around that on this call. But as you can imagine, if we combine a SmartPost package with a home delivery package on the same day and deliver them on one vehicle instead of one being delivered on a HV vehicle and the other being delivered through the postal service, there is fairly significant operating expense savings to that. In addition, the ability to maximize the use of SmartPost assets and Ground assets, particularly at peak provide us with significant opportunities to reduce our operating expense going forward.
Mike Glenn: Well, the best indicator I can give you -- this is Mike Glenn. The best indicator I can give you is the challenges that we have with capacity management. We are working very closely with customers to make sure we understand their forecast, where necessary we will have to put some caps in place as we have to do every year and we see nothing different in that regard and customers are requesting more capacity not less. So, we view that as a good sign and that’s why we think we are well positioned for another record peak.
Mike Glenn: Scott, this is Mike Glenn. I will start and then I will turn it over to Henry. Regarding growth, I think overall we’re generally pleased with the growth at FedEx Ground. It’s essentially in line with our expectations. We have seen a bit of a shift in terms of the type of growth with more growth being driven by e-commerce. I should point out that the industrial production forecast that I noted earlier as well as the manufacturing indexes that have been published, obviously those are not great signals for the commercial side of Ground and Ground is impacted by those numbers. So that’s a contributor. And we’ve also seen stronger growth coming from e-commerce. So we’ve seen a bit of a mix shift. But overall, growth I would say is essentially in line with our expectations.
Mike Glenn: Kelly, this is Michael. And I will start talking about the consumer impact and then I will turn it over to Dave Bronczek to talk about China. I would first say that while e-commerce and specifically consumer-related transactions get to headlines these days, the bulk of our business is still business-to-business related on a global basis. Residential deliveries certainly are increasing and are being driven in large part by e-commerce. They now -- residential traffic now represents about half of the volume and the network in the U.S. That’s skewed a bit by SmartPost, which is essentially all residential deliveries. So you kind of have to back that out and the numbers in the Express and Ground network are somewhat lower than that. But again e-commerce is a growth driver, but the bulk of our business both in the U.S. and around the world is still business-to-business. And I think it’s important to remember that. Now I turn it over to Dave.
Mike Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn again. I will start out talking about the LTL and then I will let Mike Ducker have any comments that he might want to add. I think it’s important to note that the LTL industry is very closely tied to industrial production. So when you see a 60 basis point drop in our industrial production forecast, it’s not surprising that we would see an impact on volumes. And I would say not only FedEx, but the industry as a whole. I certainly hope we’ve kind of seen the worst of that and that we’re looking certainly forward at a more positive outlook. I think we’ve baked in what we’ve seen. So I think that’s a positive. I would also say in terms of it creeping into other segments of the business, it certainly had some impact on commercial Ground as I noted in response to the last question. So those are the two areas that I think have been most impacted by the lower industrial production forecast and the manufacturing numbers that we’ve referenced today. We are quite confident going forward in our ability to achieve our goals at FedEx Freight. Our sales team is working very closely with the operations folks down at the local level and we have seen strong volume growth in FedEx Freight in key segments like small and midsize businesses. It’s also important to note that some of the softness in the FedEx Freight segment was due to some pricing decisions that we made in headhaul lanes to balance the network. So some of this I would say is self-induced and we did it for the right reasons, and some of this is obviously the IP forecast and related issues. So again, we are confident where we sit today and our ability to deliver results going forward.
Mike Glenn: Yes. The question from Ben Hartford at Baird, given the softer U.S. industrial production environment, do you think a 10% plus freight margin is attainable on a full year basis? If so, what is the pathway to such a target? Yes, Ben, we believe that a 10 plus percent freight margin is attainable on a full year basis. As has been said in the press release and some comments as one, there were several issues in the quarter. First, we staff for a certain volume levels and those volumes were less than expected and what has typically being a pretty busy quarter. So staff size too large for volume. We were impacted by two other areas on the volume side. Some of the heavier shipments, which migrated from truckload to LTL, when capacity tightened as the consequence of the West Coast port strike, have migrated back to truckload. There is still tight capacity in the LTL sector. And then energy, the energy sector, many of our shippers in that sector have experienced traffic declines. We had several one-time events that affected our quarter that should not be repeated. And we see the pricing environment and the overall market environment still rational.
Mike Glenn: Well, the answer to your question is the Trans-Pacific lanes are balanced. Our Transatlantic, actually, we’re getting a lot more traffic out of Europe because of the currency more than we have anticipated and quite frankly that’s actually been positive for us. So, I think around the world, Donald that we are in very good shape. We have a very flexible network now. We've moved the right traffic into the right networks. FTN’s doing a great job for us as well and some of our other partner, so around the world you're probably right. We have a lot of upside to the Express profitability in the international part of the world.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I’ve got an email question from Matt Troy from Nomura Securities International. Given retailers willingness to explore creative promotional activities, such as the shipping promotions during the middle of the year, are you having conversations with larger retail customers about potential activities to shift or smooth demand in and around the December peak holiday season? The answer of the question is, yes. I would say that many retailers are attempting to do that. That's why it’s more difficult to actually forecast what the peak day is going to be. It was fairly predictable in years past. I think based upon our experience last year, it’s certainly more challenging in that regard. We are still dealing with capacity constraints in our 7 to 10 day period during peak season. We will continue to work with the retailers and e-tailers in an effort to try to shift that demand. But a lot of that’s consumer-driven. And I think there is a recognition that it’s going to have to occur at some point over time simply due to capacity constraints. But like anything in this regard, it takes longer to implement than you'd like to see.
David Bronczek: Thanks Alan. And this question is from Art Hatfield, Raymond James. With all the discussion of our perceived or real slowdown in China for some time now and recent news from the Chinese Finance Minister that the new normal of 7% GDP growth may last four to five years. I was hoping to get your thoughts on your Trans-Pacific Express capacity going forward after last reducing flight frequency by two back in late fiscal 2013? Thanks for the question, Art. Actually our lanes are balanced around the world and including the Pacific and I think your question if you can go back and look at several quarters ago, we've actually adjusted our network two quarters ago on the Pacific. So it actually wasn't the last time we did in 2013. So right now we are very pleased with our capacity fits for the volumes in the Asia Pacific network and around the world. A lot of the traffic that we are handling now in FTN is also benefiting at FedEx Express in our profit improvement. So to answer your question, we’re very happy with our balanced lanes and course, for FedEx Express, a lot of our business coming out of China are multinational companies in the main.
David Bronczek: That’s right, Mike. And Kelly, you are right, it is business-to-business for us. China is a big marketplace for us, but its multinational companies around the world and they are big account, big multinational companies. So the impact for us is not very great, you are right. And that’s why our yields actually went up across the board and actually for all of international. So thanks for the question, Kelly.
David Bronczek: Okay. This is Dave Bronczek. Question came from Ben Hartford, Baird. To what degree, have you already had to take incremental cost reductions during FY ‘16 to address the economic uncertainty in Asia and other emerging markets in recent months to ensure the Express profit improvement program remains on track? It’s a great question. Our network around the world are base powerful network we have in place is balanced around the world. We adjusted our networks several quarters ago. So right now, we have a very flexible network that when the volumes go up, we can add cost. When the volumes go down, we take out cost, which is why we've done so well in our profit improvement program. And a lot of the improvement has come from our international part of the business for exactly that reason so we’re balanced. We've made these adjustments quarters ago in anticipation of this and so we’re in good shape.
Henry Maier: Hey, Rob, this is Henry Maier. Thanks for the question. We announced on the last call that we are merging SmartPost into Ground. I would remind everybody that that’s a multi-year initiative that offers a number of potential services and savings benefits. From a service perspective, we will be able to maximize the use of both Ground and SmartPost facilities to ensure carrier service year around, especially during peak. And additionally, the integrated network will enable more efficient use of our network and linehaul assets throughout the year. We also announced the change to the introduction of a new software program, which will allow us to combine packages in the SmartPost and home delivery networks destined to the same residential address on the same day. That makes a significant difference in our operating expense going forward, because the operating expense of that incremental package is significantly less than putting it into the postal network. So, we are well down the path of implementing this, but it’s going to take a couple of years to integrate all the SmartPost hubs with Ground.
Henry Maier: Scott, let me address margins. And let me also acknowledge upfront that with all the moving parts at Ground over the last couple quarters, we haven’t exactly made it very easy for your folks to do what you have to do. So let me reinforce a couple things. First of all, our business is changing rapidly. E-commerce is clearly changing the dynamics of the industry. And it’s driving credible growth. That’s a good thing. I think we’re best positioned to benefit from an e-commerce economy. We make decisions at this company for the long term. We don’t make them for the week. We don’t make them for the month. We don’t make them for the quarter. And in some cases, we don’t even make them for the year. But we look for long-term profitable sustainable growth. And I believe we are focused on all the right things for today and the future. I think some of the noise we are seeing in here is a number of one-time events, but there are also costs in here that are reflective of higher employee expenses, expenses year-over-year mainly driven by higher annual incentive comp accruals. There are also higher operating expenses that are driven by the network expansion we’ve been going through the last couple years, mainly in the form of higher rents and depreciation. In terms of ad, that’s a fixed cost. Those should level out through time as these new facilities come online and we bring the volume on and fill them. But I will tell you that nobody is more confident about the future of FedEx Ground than I am. I believe that we will continue to gain market share to grow profitably and provide the fastest and most reliable service in the industry. And our management team at Ground is committed to high-teens margins. We just have to get through some of these changes we’ve made and we’ve made some significant ones. But I’m confident we have a plan to do that.
Henry Maier: Yes. This question is from Rick Paterson at Topeka Capital Markets. How should we interpret your comment that Ground investment will peak this year and then subside in context to volumes? Do you expect volume growth at Ground to further decelerate or stagnant going forward? Well, my comment about peak investment or CapEx peaking this year really has nothing to do with volume and has everything to do with the fact that we made some decisions in the 2009-2010 period with respect to adding capacity in a very bad economy that put us in a position where we actually got a little bit behind on capacity with the growth in e-commerce. We have three major hub projects that will come online in FY'16, which is driving much of the peak in CapEx. And I remind everybody on the call that 100% of our hubs are highly automated. And we are moving to a network footprint where more and more of our stations are fully automated too. So this year, I’d call it sort of laughingly this is the pig in the python here in terms of these projects, because it is almost unprecedented that we will bring three major hubs online in the same year. In addition to that, we have a big pretty project list around automated stations. For the benefit of the folks on the call, we get some significant advantages out of automated stations. We are able to load more points direct and bypass hubs, less handlings occur but when less handlings occur, obviously the lower incidence of loss or damage. We reduced linehaul expense because we’re going point-to-point as opposed to going to a hub and rehandling and reloading those packages. And we’re going to be pretty close to 10% of the network stations being automated by the end of FY ‘16. So, my comment about CapEx dropping 30% to 35% is more a recognition that after this year, we will be in a more normal capital expenditure pattern. We will be ahead of the curve with respect to having network capacity to meet our planned growth. And we think going forward, we’re in a pretty good place in terms of having our CapEx be a little bit more predictable.
Alan Graf: Hey, Chris. This is Alan. Let me add a little bit to that. First of all, as you well know, the GENCO business itself is very good but it is not a high-teens operating margin business. For just by definition that’s going to lower Ground segment’s operating margin even after integration. That’s number one. And for us, we intend to grow. It’s performing much better than I had anticipated. We are very proud of it, of what’s happening. We are getting a lot of cross-selling already, taking over a lot of the transportation that we didn’t used to have from them. So it’s very beneficial but again, it doesn’t have the same margins as the high-teens the Ground has.
Alan Graf: It’s all related, Helane. We will take it. I will do the first part and I will give over to Chris Richards for part 2 and if Dave wants to add that’s fine. We think it’s a win-win contract. It is in our outlook for not just this year but our strategic outlook that we always present to our Board in the fall where we, as you know are expecting to continue to grow our earnings, our cash flows and our returns. Nothing’s changed in that regard. Also, recall that one of the key things that we are doing in Express is modernizing our fleet and the productivity that we get from that modernization is one of the key reasons that despite a significantly different economic outlook today, then when we talked about our profit improvement plan in October of 2012, we saw Express’s results. An incredible increase in earnings with a decline in revenue, that’s only possible because of our cost management. And with that, let me turn it over to Chris on the specifics and then Dave.
Alan Graf: I don’t want you to interpret that as 10% is our goal at freight. That is the absolute minimum bottom of the range. We should have freight margins in the teens.
Alan Graf: Donald, this is Alan. As you know, our InterContinental business is about far our most profitable. We've always had issues in Europe. We’re solving that with the TNT Express acquisition. So, we’re pretty pleased with where we are and where we’re headed and I can’t wait to talk about TNT once we get it in the fall.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Before we sign off, I just felt compelled that I want to talk about Ground just for a second here. Don't get confused between operating margin versus earnings and cash flow. So the SmartPost change to gross revenue is simply math, and that reduces long-term margins just because of the math because we’ve higher revenue with the same amount of earnings. GENCO is a great addition for us in terms of operating earnings, operating profit and cash flow generation, the high ROIC. But if business has a lower margin than the Ground business itself, that's also math reduces the margin, but it improves earnings and cash flow. As Fred mentioned, the self-insurance reserves, although we’ve had two quarters in a row, we had a pretty bad month of May. We don't expect that to repeat. We’re improving our safety record at Ground. And so it's a one-time hit that won't be repeated. So you can look for us to continue to improve from where we are at Ground through the rest of '16 and beyond. But our margin position will be lower because of SmartPost and GENCO. Earnings and cash flows however will continue to improve as we start to reap the benefits of these CapEx investments and productivity improvements and be able to handle, take linehaul miles out, go more direct, and continue to improve our technology, we will be improving those. Thank you.
