Fred Smith: Mickey why don't we take, we covered most of the Internet answers in my remarks, Mike’s remarks and Alan's remarks, there are a couple of others we will get to, but I will let Mickey moderate at this point in time for the other ones. And I would point out we will spend about 45 minutes on the Q&A or until we run out of strategic questions. We are not going to re-plough a lot of ground that we have done in the past year because it just wastes everybody's time. Mickey.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith again. Let me reiterate what I said at the opening of my remarks and the end of the remarks. We anticipate FedEx Corporation's margins, returns, cash flows, and EPS to increase over the foreseeable future. So, obviously with Express and then Ground is our biggest operating companies that should basically answer your questions. Regarding the item on the fleet, I think it’s important to note that FedEx Express is operating 20 less airplanes today in 2016 then we were in 2013. Now part of the reason we are able to do that is because the airplanes are much more reliable. We don't need as many as spares, there is not in many in maintenance intervals, and of course we are always trying to make our assets sweat more. And use assets productively whether they are ours or someone else's. So that's an old part of what we're doing what we do as well.
Fred Smith: So, Fred Smith here, I mentioned we covered most of the Internet questions in the prepared remarks, there were a couple that didn't fit, one of them from Nate Brochmann of William Blair, we all likely agree the same day delivery is a relatively small market today and likely will be even in the future. What is FedEx doing to prepare a partner with local delivery/final mile firms if the market turns out to be larger than expected? Mike.
Fred Smith: Nate also asked a question about FedEx ground and the productivity of our independent service providers, I think Henry answered that in just a moment ago. So, we will move on to one by David Ross of Stifel, China has been grabbing a lot of headlines in recent months, please discuss the importance of China's economy to the FedEx global express network? Dave Bronczek.
Fred Smith: There was also a question from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley about Amazon’s building out some of its own capacity. I think that was answered in its entirety by Mike's remarks. Tell me, queue yourself up Ravi, if that’s not the case. Now we will take another question from someone on the line.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me ask our general counsel Christine Richards to comment on the first. And regarding the second, since it has not been approved I think unfortunately we need to wait on making any comments about that until the transaction has closed, but we will make sure that we do that assuming that it does close in first call after that. So Chris if you’ll speak to the legal issues.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me again remind the people that follow FedEx that our services are a portfolio, which are broadly used by customers. I think I’m correct well into the 90% of our customers might use Express and Ground, over 70% use Express, Ground and Freight. And I think based on the emails and the comments that I get on the internet, every man, women and child in America uses FedEx Office. So again our job is to try to improve earnings, returns, cash flows and we have told you that we are confident that we can do that, and I think a little bit on this call not so much is in the past, if you attempt to try to bisect FedEx into some of the parts analysis you’re going to get surprised.  We buy airplanes because they increase earnings, cash flows and returns over a period of time. We add automated ground facilities because they do the same thing. So there is no motivation inside FedEx to do anything other than to achieve those results at the corporate level and sometimes we decide to be aggressive in one segment because we are achieving our corporate goals and you’ve seen that with the ground numbers when we were responding to the post 2008 crash in Express and fuel prices running up to $147 a barrel. So we launched the profit improvement program and a lot of the corporate results were funded by the outstanding performance of ground. Now, we’re doing a lot of things on Henry side of the house and Express margins and returns are expanding, we are able to do that still buying a lot of stock and pay for a significant acquisition. So it’s important to keep that in mind when you’re asking these questions. 
Fred Smith: Fred Smith here. We have one internet question from Jeffrey Kauffman, The Buckingham Research Group. 
Fred Smith: I don’t think there is any question about the fact that TPP is going to be harder to pass given that the leading republican and democratic candidates were presenting United States are against it. Free trade and opening markets has been American policy since 1934 when Roosevelt and Hull passed the trade agreement act that overturned the absolutely disastrous Smoot-Hawley Tariffs, those were two republicans that in 1930 put in a lot of tariffs to protect America. So trade contracted by 66% and the Roosevelt Hull action in 1934 turned it around but there is no question that those tariffs created with a big part of the cause of the depression.  So after the war, one of the first things that Hull still there and Roosevelt before his death worked on was the International Trade Organization along with IMF and the World Bank. They couldn’t get it passed so they instead came up with this framework called the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trades called GATT, and seven times they expanded trade until the World Trade Organization was put in place back in the 90s. So the thought that trade is not been a great thing for the world and America is absolutely belied by facts. Now have they been in merchant list, of course they have Japan and China in particular. But to lump in all trade with the trade practices of a couple of trading partners is like putting leaches on you and bleeding the way they used to do during the old days and think you’re going to get better. I mean it’s a self inflicted problem and in the case of Mexico, the NAFTA agreement has added hundreds of billions of dollars which is traded with Mexico, yes we do have a modest trade deficit with Mexico but the benefits of trade are always dispersed, lower iPhones, lower TVs, lower priced T shirts, lower automobile cost, on and on down the line which makes everyone standard of living better whereas the pain is always localized like the unfortunate carrier air conditioner shutdown in Indiana that’s being so prominently talked about. Now TPP, it should be noticed and everybody makes a big thing out of the fact it’s a 54,000 page document or something like that. What it does in the main is to reduce 18,000 tariffs on U.S. goods. So it helps us a lot and I hope as we get into the general election, the profound benefits of free trade over many, many decades can be understood and the merchant list practices of people who are not comporting to the WTO dealt with on an individual basis. So we think that it’s much more difficult to get TPP passed but I can promise you we’re going to work as hard as we can to make sure people understand these issues. We’ll be able to take another question from live on the call.
Fred Smith: Fred Smith here, let me refer you to my friend David [indiscernible] remarks after their last quarterly results. He was on CNBC, did a great job and he pointed out that the essential thing in the delivery business is route density and revenue per delivery stock. And that is why he said virtually the same thing that we have said that in all likelihood the primary delivers of e-commerce shipments for the foreseeable future will be UPS, The U.S. Postal Service and FedEx because input costs even though you might have a local operator over the thousands, it might talk about are trumped by the delivery density and the revenue per stop characteristics of the big carriers. And remember, we are not delivering from 50 fulfillment centers or 100 stores or 60 stores, we have the capability to pickup, transport and deliver an item from 95% of the human beings on the planet much less every business on the world within one to two business days, door to door customs cleared. So that’s known as Metcalfe's law, everybody understands this in the telecommunication business, it’s the number of nodes on the network squared. If you run the hub-and-spoke system, it’s in times and minus one. So whether you’re a big box retailer or you’re an e-tailer that puts their fulfillment centers which is a surrogate for the store delivers the items individually or how you come into the store, the economics are the same. It’s network density and revenue per delivery stop that are the determinant of who is going to deliver these packages in the years to come.  The postal service delivers to a 140, 154 million addresses every day and so like way the e-commerce packages are perfect for the postal service because they can put them in with a mail and deliver on two residents, that’s why parcel selected they call it is partnered with FedEx SmartPost, UPS share post, Amazon direct injection and another group of smaller competitors in this so called consolidator space. And it’s that misunderstanding that the drivers are network density and revenue per delivery stop that have led to a lot of the misunderstanding about the future evolution of the markets. Okay, another question from live question.
Fred Smith: We had strong demand for overnight services in peak season. Obviously that is certainly the case as you get closer to Christmas day and that was a key driver for that.
Fred Smith: Allison Landry asked some questions about parcel select. I think I answered that in the longer window answer I gave about route densities and revenue per delivery stop. Art Hatfield of Raymond James, do you currently see any new regulatory headwinds on the rise in either here in the U.S. or overseas? This along with bad trade policy and bad tax policy is why we are seeing low GDP growth rate and why global GDP has slowed down in global trade. I cannot tell you the on slot of regulatory issues that we deal with every day here. It’s in every possible crevice of the organization from Department of Labor to the FAA to protectionist policies, [indiscernible] security regulations overseas. If you don’t try to stop these things, the natural course of events is they come on the bottom of the ship like barnacles. So that’s happening and that’s why we have low growth rates, bad policies, taxes and regulations in Europe, in the United States and China, in Japan and unless those things turnaround you’re going to continue to have low growth rates.  So Mickey, you want to finish it up.
Alan Graf: Thanks for your question Chris and thanks for your comments about our Express team has done a great job. The answer to your question is, we have a great fleet modernization plan that actually takes us out the a lot of years and we continue to replace the old planes with the new 757’s and the 777's and quite frankly, we’ve actually already been doing things like you suggested using third-party lift, where appropriate throughout around the world and that’s been very beneficial and very profitable obviously, but I think on top of that our FTN, our FedEx Trade Networks Organization and they are strategic part of our business around the world on ocean shipping with the air freight shipping and obviously the priority Express shipping, you can see that we will continue to grow our profits and our margins and for a long, long time, and quite frankly we've got our network right in the sweet zone right now, executing on all cylinders. So, I think the answer to your question, we probably could look at opportunities to add more into our capacity if we needed to. The great thing about what we've done is we can flex up or down and we’ve appropriately done that. So, we’re always looking for opportunities to grow our profits and grow our margins and if that appears to be the case we will go forward with that.
Alan Graf: Allison, this is Alan, you need to think about CapEx exclusive at TNT being at $ 5 billion or little bit over for the next couple of years and most of that increase is going into the Ground networks. We have about 100 projects underway right now that we hope to get finished before next peak. A broad brush across the country, two new hubs, only thing it is going to be automated and I'm sure Henry can add a little bit to that, but easily affordable. The actual number will be higher because we're going to have to invest in TNT, TNT had been under invested in and we will have more to tell you about that after we close it.
Alan Graf: The guidance is the best that I can do. I missed so many quarters that now we’re back to a quarterly guidance during the fourth quarter. You never know, fuel prices are ticking up a little bit and so that could possibly work against us on a year-over-year basis, so we’re watching that very carefully. There could be – what happens at the end of the year with aircraft maintenance, we think there might be a little bit of risk with that as well. So we’re watching all these very carefully but I’m pretty confident in that range and that’s why we cut the bottom of it off. And Mike told you about how we’ve lowered substantially our expectations for the economy in 2016 and so we’re keeping our eye on that as well. But having said that, I’m not guaranteeing we’re going to hit inside that range because my track record has not been very good on a quarterly basis.
Mike Glenn: Well thanks Tom and I appreciate your feedback and I remember you were there when we announced our profit improvement plan and I’m really pleased to say that we are hitting it, exceeding it and the moment actually is carrying us into the fourth quarter and it will carry us into the next fiscal year. And it’s in every area. Quite frankly, we have a D&A now in our company, we’ve a right sized the company, we’ve got the right cost structure in place for our people and our airplanes and our whole network around the world, TNT as Alan mentioned before and Fred is going to be fantastic going forward, but I think the answer will be obvious. The answer is, we continue to grow our profits and our margins, you can see it in the fourth quarter we had 12%, obviously double-digit margins are right on us now and we continue to grow into that going forward. So that being too much more specific than we already are, which we've been more specific than we usually are. Yeah, you can see very strong double-digit margins at Express going forward.
Mike Glenn: Thanks for the question, this is Mike Glenn. The success that we had in growth was primarily driven by our sales activities in the small and mid-size customer segment. Our sales team is executing crisply and bringing the kind of growth that we are looking for. The primary driver, absent fuel and the lower yield per shipment on revenue per shipment was lower weight per shipment. So, I will turn it over to Mike Ducker to comment further.
Mike Glenn: FedEx currently offers same-day delivery in 23 markets and we've seen volume growth in key segments such as retail, e-commerce, healthcare, and others. FedEx Same-Day City plays an important role on our e-commerce suite of services and customers are responding well to the uniformed professionalism of our business model. Having said that it still represents and let you offering in very small percentage of our overall portfolio, but we are able to scale when demand dictates.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Regarding our metro service capabilities, we have a variety of services. We have Express service for the premium packages that require specific delivery time. We have Ground services that can serve metro eight areas. We also have SmartPost services that can serve Metro. So, we have a variety of services to meet that need. Should also mention Same-Day City, which is operated by our FedEx office team, also has the capability to serve metro toward our home delivery. So, we have a wide variety of service capabilities and we are well suited to participate in that market segment.
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Ravi. I guess it’s safe to say that the six day pilot we ran in Tennessee this year was an unmitigated success. We have plans to expand it later this summer and we’re looking very hard at whether or not we just run this network six days a week year round. We get much more turns out of the assets. I think Dave mentioned making the asset, we’ll certainly do that. I think the other thing that’s important to people on the call to understand is that while we talk a lot about peak, e-commerce buying behavior is really shifting to a peak like look around. We are extremely heavy on Monday because of the e-commerce orders that flow in and fulfilled over the weekend. And I think long term I think six day a week operation is probably the best operation to run because these e-commerce stores never shut down. So I think we’re well positioned there.
Mike Glenn: I think Amazon’s strategy is clear, the more distribution facilities they put up the more they would like to be close to the end consumer which by definition makes more deliveries on a local basis. Having said that, all of the conversation about new entrants into the local delivery market, I mean there are hundreds and thousands of local delivery companies in every market in the country delivering parcels. All you have to do is Google local delivery and you will come not sure where you live but Google that in the city where you live and you’ll find hundreds of companies that deliver parcels on a local basis every day, that’s not the market that FedEx competes in on a day-to-day basis. We run a broad global network. Having said that, as I mentioned before, no single customer represents over 3% of our total revenue, so we are not exposed to any one customer and we try to manage our business so that we don’t get over exposed in that regard. So we’re well positioned for growth long term and as I said Amazon is a good customer, we expect to be a good customer long term.
Mike Glenn: John, let me just say that FedEx implemented then pricing last January therefore the third quarter last year only had two months of impact of the new dimension way pricing while this year had three months in the impact. So it was one difference in terms of month. Dimensional way of pricing obviously is the standard in the industry and I will say that I think it’s had a very positive effect on customers in terms of how they view their packages and the package size. There is still a long way to go on that but certainly there – we made a lot of progress in that regard. I think you also had a comment about are you concerned about driving customers to find alternative or non-traditional sources of parcel capacity, I’m not aware that there are any viable non-traditional sources of parcel capacity especially in peak season so we certainly don’t see that as an issue.
