Raj Subramaniam: Amit, thank you for the question. Let me address it broadly and then Mike can talk about specifics on this. Firstly, we are laser focused on improving our financial performance at FedEx Ground. Let me start with firstly, the CEO of FedEx Ground is John Smith, and he was at the stage for tremendous performance at FedEx Freight before he left and we're seeing the benefit of that. That's the reason that he's there. So we expect that John and his team will drive this performance going forward. But let me also give you just a context of where we are on Ground. We, first of all, manage FedEx Enterprise as a portfolio of different operating companies, and we made a specific decision to invest in capacity and double down on e-commerce three years ago. We saw -- we were skating to where the puck was going to be and seeing where the market was going. If you look at the history of FedEx Ground, from the very beginning, starting of the acquisition of RPS, when we launched home delivery and now we doubled down in e-commerce, there are periods of time we had to invest, and we were working with our customers and retailers for them to succeed in e-commerce and it is a strategic relationship that we're building. So that period of investment, in many ways, is behind us. That pace is behind us. Now we are focused on getting revenue quality making sure we put the right package in the right network and making sure that we generate margins and growth going forward. We'll talk about this in more detail when we see you all in June, but that's -- clearly, that's what we're focused on right now, Mike.
Raj Subramaniam: Jack, if I can say one other thing,we have a revenue management committee that meets every week. It is even more important now because of inflationary environment. And the operations teams and the commercial teams are locked in, and we make decisions very, very dynamically and very, very quickly to deal with this.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Chris. I'll let Mike answer the first question in a minute. But on the entrepreneurial business model with our contractors is a win-win scenario. It provides us the flexibility. As the market dynamics change, we remain committed to collaborating with those service providers and enable that when the lines of communication are open. So yes, we will work closely hand in hand to make sure that we are successful for FedEx and our contractors going forward.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just say big kudos to our CFO on setting the range in the beginning of the fiscal year and all the things that have happened in the middle and we're still the same range. So I mean, that's terrific. I don't -- I've already talked to you about what our dealings with our contractors and it's a win-win situation. And we will continue to work that. The lines of communication are open. I've spoken to John several times, and he's directly in touch and his team.  And as far as our upside for FedEx Ground, yes, we have upside. We know that and we are laser focused on that. And again, John is the right person to lead that team to get there as well.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Allison, thank you for that question. Clearly, as we -- the e-commerce market has grown. And in both our networks, there is now opportunity to optimize the very definite traffic between the 2 networks. And so we're clearly doing that. But we are, as you call it, in the early innings. We have -- there's a lot of work to be done, and we'll share that with you when you're all here in person in June. But the opportunity also is quite big. We're already moving in this direction and we will continue to make strides here. Now in this context, please don't forget what FedEx Freight is doing in this regard and especially working with both Ground and Express and over time with International. And so we will clearly focus on trying to -- making sure that they put the right package in the right network at the right price. And again, we'll share more details with you in June.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brandon. Of course, we have a very set succession planning process where Don was in this role for 3 years. I knew that was going to be a finite time period of time. And so we were already working on the succession planning very carefully as we have done so with John in FedEx Ground, with Lance in FedEx Freight. Similarly, we have a process going on with Express. We've divided it into 3 groups, 3 mega-regions with Americas, Asia and Europe. And Richard is leading the Americas region. He was responsible for the vaccine distribution and also in the planning of our global network in this very interesting time that we've been through. So we are very confident that Richard is going to take the organization to the next level. Don has done a fantastic job of creating a unified culture and getting the right players in place. We have a great bench, and this is going to be terrific. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. So Bascome, thank you for the question there. I think it's -- the end of this month is a very important date for us as we complete the physical integration. Europe remains a big profit opportunity for us going forward. Just to put it in perspective, today, we -- FedEx operates 350 flights a week, serving 42 airports and TNT operates 600 flights serving 59 airports. By combining, we're going to reduce the total flights to 825, but we extend our reach to serve 72 airports. So fewer flights, more airports, and oh by the way, because there are jets at the cross-time, so the value proposition gets better. So that happens right away in April. The logic behind our acquisition of TNT remains sound. We are closing a portfolio gap because we do not have an intra-European deferred service and now we do. With this, we can also now serve Europe in and out on a lower cost structure. And we also launched priority timed options. We have noon and end-of-day service and it gives us flexibility. So a lot of things going on as we -- Mike already talked to you about the back-office savings there. The CDG hub, 70,000 pieces per hour. I was there 2, 3 months ago and back there in May again. There was something to behold. And so it's going to be -- we are confident here that this now sets the stage for our improved performance in Europe from here on out. Thank you so much.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me take this opportunity to give a shout-out to our commercial teams because they've done really a remarkable job of growing share and managing revenue quality and we'll continue to do that. On the robotics front, it's a very important question, Helane. And I think especially in the last year or so, the field of robotics itself has actually changed because -- with AI and ML coming to the picture, there's significant developments in the robotics field. So we think it's a huge opportunity for us. And again, we already -- if you look at some of the facilities that we have in Ground, a lot of facilities are now automated. But we can move further here. We are obviously working on several processes inside the hubs and to involve robotics and also working with partners and on autonomous vehicles. We have FedEx Roxo for same-day delivery on demand, and we have partners like Nuro and also over the road. So a lot of effort in this direction because it's very strategic and could have big implications in the years to come. So again, thanks for the question.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Scott. I think if I got the first question right, I think the -- if you're specifically talking about the 3 markets, Ukraine, Russia and Belarus, the profit impact for that is not material. So that -- if you have another question, I'm happy to take it. On the FedEx Freight, I'm just delighted with the progress that we have made there. We have made -- it's been years in the making, so to speak. We are focused heavily on revenue quality management and operational efficiency. And also again, let me make this point, FedEx Freight is doing a remarkable job in stepping up and helping other operating companies as needed. I think this is a winning formula and that we expect that to continue.
Mike Lenz: No, Amit, the only thing I would add is you -- I think there was a question in there about FY '22. I would say certainly for the guidance that we have, our consolidated operating margins will increase in Q4. I'm not going to get into specific segment projections, but it is certainly the case that sequentially, Ground margins are typically higher in Q4 than in Q3, and we would have that expectation this year as well.
Mike Lenz: Jordan, this is Mike. Look, so we went from like roughly $470 million in Q2, $350 million this quarter. I mean, I would put it in order of magnitude around $100 million or so based on what we are seeing here today. That's, again, principally the wage rate element of it, which really began to manifest in the May time frame essentially, April, May time frame.
Mike Lenz: Chris, nothing from what I said prior where we have consolidated operating margins. Will be up in Q4 and the Ground Q4 margin sequentially would be higher than Q3. But not going to go past in terms of the specific segment quarterly margin projections.
Mike Lenz: All right, Scott. This is Mike. Talking about the range, look, certainly, it is the case that relative to where we were 3 months ago in a little different place in the range as the uncertainties manifested in a greater magnitude than we had anticipated. But I think we're quite proud of the fact that our guidance remains where we started the year at. And look, if you had told me at that time, we would have the most dramatic labor market shift in generations as well as another phase of the pandemic that resulted in case counts in the U. S. and Europe higher than any previous waves, we undoubtedly would have had a significantly wider range. So we feel that it is a great accomplishment of the team to be where we are with this. Lots of moving pieces and things change along the way within the scope and scale of what this enterprise is. And so we're looking forward to a strong finish to the fiscal year.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Bascome. This is Mike. So first, yes, we did narrow the range of the expected cost of that program as we have moved through the process. And as you've noted, the -- we've talked about the charges as we recognize them there. The benefits range is unchanged, and so we felt it was appropriate as we were further down the process just to simply narrow the range of that. So that was it. A lot of things going forward as it relates to TNT beyond that, so I'll have Raj elaborate a bit on some upcoming events, too.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Helane, this is Mike. It's unquestionably the case to amplify the point Raj made that you're seeing tremendous amount of capital coming into the robotics space as a result of the labor market constraints that have been experienced worldwide. So that's really an opportunity. And certainly, when you are here to visit here in a few months, you'll get the opportunity to see, within our facilities, how that really works because that is where the bulk of the labor is deployed as the loading and unloading of the trailers there, particularly in the Ground facilities, given the investments we've made in automating all the sortation in that. So a very relevant point to raise.
Brie Carere: No, we're -- obviously, we have done a tremendous job. We talked about the 9% yield improvement from FedEx Ground this past quarter. As I've mentioned, we have repriced about 50% of our large customer, meaning customer contracts so we still have some opportunity that we have to continue that repricing. And so we are clear-eyed about the inflationary environment that we are operating in, and we know that we need to stay ahead of it. So, you can anticipate that as we head into next year's business plan and all of our discussions with customers, that you will continue to see a high yield improvement across all segments because it will be required to stay ahead of the environment we're operating in right now.
Brie Carere: Yes, I would agree with that completely. As we talked about, we already have modified our economic outlook from a market forecast perspective. A couple of things: one, for this calendar year, we do expect B2B parcel market growth to be actually relatively healthy at 3%. Normally, it's in around 2% in our market and that's for this year, we still see a lot of inventory replenishment. We also see strong requirements coming in from Asia, as I mentioned earlier. There's still just a backlog there, quite frankly. So the B2B is still going to be healthy for the year. . From a B2C perspective, we have modified our long-term outlook. We're now projecting about 8.3% CAGR in an e-commerce market, that's to calendar year 2026. So historically, over the last couple of years, we had actually projected above 10%. So yes, we think consumer demand will be down. It is already, quite frankly, in our outlook for Q4. And as we look forward for next year, we think we can continue to take market share and have some profitable growth despite sort of a softer economic outlook.
Brie Carere: Sure, happy to. Great question. When we look at the volume in Q3, we really have to break it down by month. So from a December perspective, we actually saw softer than anticipated volume for a couple of reasons. The first was FedEx Ground economy. We have been constraining that product to make sure we get the revenue quality that we require for the network. The second was we were absolutely focused on service and make sure that we had volume in the right places within the network. And then third was that we also saw a huge pull forward in early in November. Both retailers and, of course, the carriers were really pushing to get volume moving earlier in the peak season and actually it was quite successful. So overall, December was softer than anticipated for those 3 reasons. And when we got into January, we obviously saw a significant impact in volume in the Express network here in the United States but also in Europe. And then we did see some impact in January at FedEx Ground, but also we did have the FedEx Ground economy constrained growth impacts January because as you can imagine, the Ground economy product is heavily used for returns as well. So that was what was going on in December. In January, you saw Omicron but you also saw those other impacts in December and January. And then we got to February, we actually saw a rebound. So as Raj mentioned in his opening remarks, we actually saw quite a dramatic recovery from a volume perspective relative to January. And so that's sort of where we're at from a volume perspective.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to talk about our targeted revenue growth strategy. So from a market share perspective, our goal here is to take share strategically in the segments that value our network. And as we've talked about over the last year or 2, we've made some pretty significant enhancements in our network and our value proposition, some of which I covered earlier. From a small business perspective, we have taken share over the last several years consistently. And this year, we actually have seen our small business segment grew faster than our large customer segment. So we're really pleased with that. When we compare ourselves to our primary competitor, I still have share upside in both B2B as well as in e-commerce. And as I mentioned, we are very disciplined and very focused on our small business acquisition strategy. We're doing some things very differently. We are acquiring them direct. What do I mean? We're not going en masse through platforms. We're being very selective with the platform partners that we are choosing because we want to have that direct relationship with the small customer. We have a fantastic loyalty program that no one else in the market has. We are strategically using earned discount to bundle our parcel in our LTL portfolio, which of course, our primary competitor can no longer do. So from a small business perspective, historically, we've taken share this year. I've seen small business grow faster than large. And I'm talking predominantly here in the United States, although I will tell you that both Europe and EMEA are rolling out a very similar playbook. We're very optimistic about our share opportunity there as well. Additionally, we saw APAC or our EMEA region take share and we're very pleased with that as well. They've been very focused and we see strong momentum out of Asia as well as out of Europe and e-commerce -- intercontinental e-commerce. The premium piece of that market is a share opportunity, those that pay for the value proposition there. From a Europe perspective, we have not been as successful from a share perspective, but we could not be more excited about what Raj just covered. This physical integration allows us to unleash just an incredible value proposition. We've got some brand awareness, work to do still, but I'm very optimistic that you're going to see some real momentum in Europe next year. So I hope that answers your question, but happy to answer any other details you need.
Brie Carere: No, not a whole lot more to add. As I've mentioned, global commercial capacity is still constrained. And as a result, right now, we have not seen an impact despite the high inflationary environment as we talked about some of the risks we see from a consumer perspective. Out of Asia, demand seems pretty high because of the current commercial capacity constraint, but also, as I mentioned, because inventory levels are still so low. So right now, demand looks good coming out of Asia. We're keeping an eye on the United States as well as in Europe. Right now, from a Europe perspective, we believe we still have some opportunities, as I talked about, to take share and that's our intent. So right now, we're feeling pretty good. But as Raj talked about, things can change and we will adapt as required to do so.
