Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj and good afternoon, everyone. First quarter operating results were impacted by several factors. Weakening global trade and industrial production have resulted in less than expected demand for our most profitable Express package and Freight services.  Express yields have also been negatively impacted due to the resulting mix shift, lower weight per package, and customer trade down to slower lower price services. These conditions are especially challenging in Europe, where capacity and network reductions are limited due to the current stage of integration as we are operating duplicate road and air networks. FedEx Ground operating costs were higher due primarily to our expansion of operations to six days per week, higher purchase transportation costs attributable to volume growth and expansion to six day operations and higher self-insurance expenses. Each transportation segment had one fewer operating day in the first quarter versus the prior year, which is estimated to have lowered earnings by approximately $100 million. The loss of volume from Amazon had a negative impact to the quarter. Operating costs including depreciation also increased with strategic investment programs, including the modernization of FedEx Express aircraft and hubs and investment in technology across the enterprise that will further optimize our networks, as well as enhanced safety and capabilities. The modernization of our aircraft fleet lowers costs through enhanced reliability, reduced maintenance costs, and improve fuel efficiency. Partially offsetting these negative factors were the benefits from an approximate $300 million decrease in variable incentive compensation, FedEx Ground volume growth of 7%, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground and cost reductions from business realignment activities, including the U.S. voluntary employee buyout initiated last year. Looking ahead to the rest of fiscal 2020, we are now forecasting adjusted earnings per share of $11 to $13 per share. The new forecast reflects our lowered revenue outlook, driven by increasing trade tensions, and the corresponding weakening in global economic conditions, especially industrial production that has occurred since our June earnings release. With the increasing uncertainty of trade negotiations and government policies, forecasting customer demand and our corresponding earnings is exceedingly difficult. Our forecasts assume moderate U.S. economic growth, current fuel price expectations and no further weakening in international economic conditions. A further ramping and anti-trade measures and/or adverse changes in international trade policies and relations would likely drive additional weakness in our business. While our current expectation is to earn slightly above the midpoint of our $11 to $13 range, we believe the range is appropriate given the current macro and business conditions we are experiencing.  In addition to the impact of macro uncertainty, FedEx Ground operating expenses are expected to be higher than our previous forecast due to volume mix, lower than planned delivery density, higher wage rates and ongoing investments to enhance our e-commerce capabilities, including our expansion to seven day operations. The new forecast also reflects the loss of FedEx Ground business from Amazon that began in August. Our FY 2020 effective tax rate prior to the year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustment is now expected to increase 24% to 26% due to lower than expected earnings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. In response to these issues, we are taking additional actions on a number of fronts to better align our costs, including post peak reductions to the global FedEx Express air network. We continue to expect to incur $350 million of TNT integration expenses in FY 2020 and $1.7 billion in total through FY 2021. We also continue to expect FY 2020 capital spending to be approximately $5.9 billion. While it's early in the process, we anticipate FY 2021 capital spending will be similar to FY 2020. During the first quarter, we issued $2.1 billion of debt. We use the proceeds to redeem debt maturing in this fiscal year, as well as to contribute $1 billion into our pension plans. We do not expect to make additional contributions to our U.S. pension plans this fiscal year. We also have no material debt maturities prior to fiscal 2022. In conclusion, we are taking actions to mitigate the effects of macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we are continuing to make strategic investments to improve our capabilities and efficiency, which we expect will drive long-term growth of earnings, margins, cash flow and returns.  Now the operator can begin the question-and-answer session.
Alan Graf: Chris, I would say that the vast majority this 900 is the reduction of our revenue forecasts associated with the macroeconomic conditions that we did not expect. Some of the cost increases that you are seeing did have some impact, but the main reason was the macro. The biggest impact, of course, was at Express, and that was in international with a large degree of that in Europe.
Alan Graf: Scott, I'll take on both. The lack of being able to hit our forecast is just the difficulty associated with forecasting in this environment. I don't think, we've been too aggressive based on what we knew at the time. You have noticed that, we've widen the range this year and I did mention that our current point estimate is higher than the midpoint of that range, so we've given ourselves a little bit more downside. I also said that we don't -- we're not expecting any additional weaknesses in the international macro environment from where we are today, which is a wild card. So I just want to point those things now to. As far as CapEx, trust me, FY 2021 would be a lot higher than $5.9 billion have we not started cutting already. I think there are two things that are really important to understand. And number one is, we have to continue to modernize the fleet. The profound impact of the lower costs and higher reliability of the new twins is just remarkable. And we're going to continue to do that, we're going to maybe stretch it out a bit, but not much because the faster we can get those in there, the faster we can enjoy those benefits. Fred mentioned the number of aircraft that we're going to take out a service either fully retiring or parking, so we're not adding capacity in our international network. And in fact, we're reducing that and we're reducing our domestic flight hours. But we need to modernize the fleet. It's very important.  Secondarily, on the hubs at Express, where they’re underway, we have a lot of things that are committed. But the improved automation and processing capabilities of those two hubs when we finish are also profound in terms of the productivity and the amount of throughput we can handle. And we anticipate that we're going to need that. If we get further deterioration in the macro environment or we see something in the U.S., that looks like a recession, we’ll definitely cut further, but those are our plans at the moment.
Alan Graf: I like your Ground margins, I think they're fine. And I think we told you early on in the intro, Allison, as at least it goes to zone one where we think we're going to grow really rapidly. We're talking about lower yields and higher margins. So I think Ground performing admittedly. The issue at Ground is there's just not the commercial traffic we'd plan to have, which has significantly higher density than home delivery does. Home delivery is growing like crazy and the commercial businesses not because of industrial production, and all the other things we said. So that's a fairly simple explanation. We're adjusting the model accordingly to do that. I think Ground’s in great shape. I think it's doing fantastic. And I don't see anybody making better margins than us.
Fred Smith: Let me take a shot at that. This is Fred Smith speaking. First of all, I think it's important to look at the things that we've said over the last few earnings call in the context of about what's going on globally. I mean, I watch the business press every day and I have to tell you, I think there's a lot of whistling past the graveyard about the U.S. consumer and the United States economy versus what's going on globally. So, the serious trade dispute began in the spring of 2018 and they escalated throughout the summer of 2018. And most people don't think about the fact that when China slows down because of U.S. tariffs or uncertainty or for whatever reason, as big of a victim, if you want to call it that, of the China slowdown is Europe, because Germany's contraction is because they're not selling as much to China, which is a huge customer of Europe. So remember, last spring, there was a tremendous amount of euphoria when we were going to get a deal, China trade deal. And then at the last minute, it broke up and then over the period of the summer there have been escalating tariffs on both sides and increasingly lowered industrial production and that's why we’ve put those charts up on the IR website. So we're reacting inside of FedEx to the same thing. So as we went into the fiscal year, we were hopeful of a trade deal and some sort of restoration of normalcy that has not taken place. And the U.S. consumer, which is a remarkable driver of growth in employment, and all the things that are spoken about every day, sort of mass the fact that the goods producing sector, which we're in the midst of is much more global in nature than the U.S. consumer, which is largely services and certain consumption. So that's the reason that we began the year the way we began it, and should we have moved faster or known faster or what have you, I mean all I can do is report the numbers as we see them. And I would point out to you that last fall, we were the first people that call this out. And I remember very vividly. I mean, we are the leading prognosticator of this, we have 15 million votes every day in our system. And I remember when we made this call on CNBC, they took our heads off that we were, “blaming someone.” We're just reporting what's going on and reacting to these macroeconomic things. And as Alan said, that's why it makes us so hard to forecast. We think we've taken appropriate steps. We'll do more if we have to, but I can't give any better answer than what I just did.
Fred Smith: It depends on your outlook for the economy for sure. I mean, we said we're going to be really well positioned by the end of 2021. Yes, we were late and over budget on the TNT integration, but we're there we're will be there. And I don't know what the economic environment in Europe will be at that point, but we will be able to significantly reduce our costs and improve our service for all the reasons we've told you about. That's one. Two, some of the things that we've talked about at Ground, like the loss of Amazon, getting ready for six and seven day, a lot of that stuff will be behind us. And we'll be ready to move forward. So given a decent economic environment, we ought to be able to easily hit our 10% to 15% earnings EPS growth going forward. But I can't tell you that that's going to be the case because I can't tell you what exactly the economy is going to look like right now. So if I'm a little gun shy, yes, probably I’m.
Fred Smith: Well, we have moved FedEx Office out to its own now, as you noticed, and while FedEx Office itself for reporting purposes, reports a loss gives you that as a channel cost, if you like. It's a vital channel and we've talked about this over and over and over again, our most profitable packages come through FedEx Office, FedEx Office has got many, many places where you can pick up, drop off great relationship going with in-store at Walmart. So, I wouldn't be too concerned about that we have work to do on our logistics side of the house, we are working very hard on that. And I expect those will improve over time. But really at the end of the day, the real -- again, the real issue, I want to make sure I get this clear to everybody. All the things we've talked about. Our issue is international at Express.
Fred Smith: I think that was two. I think, we've answered them both, but I'll try to stab at this again. We will be complete with those countries at the end of May 2020. Again, as you have well pointed out in your note, we were a little bit late, a little bit over budget on that. Thank you for that. And as far as FedEx Ground margins, again, we will have a lot of these things behind us, it will depend on our mix and economic environment about how fast we can move margins up, but we do expect our zone one traffic to grow rapidly and although at lower yield it will be at higher margins.
