Fred Smith: Okay. This is Fred Smith speaking. Mickey asked me to take several of the questions that were sent to us in advance. They were 43. There may have been one or two others that have come in on the Internet and Mickey will be looking at the calls coming in and we will try to answer many of these that we can. There were a lot of questions in the 43 that were submitted, that we won't address for one reason or another and let me deal with those. One there were a number about Brexit. The reality is we don't have any better crystal ball than anybody else. So we don't think it's appropriate for us to be speculating on what may happen in the United Kingdom and should Brexit take place. Obviously, we will be telling folks what we intend to do to adjust to a new situation, but it's certainly premature. Second, lots of questions on TNT. We will take a number of them, but quite a few are focused on areas where it's just too early in the process for us to deal with. For instance, what are the implications of the South American Road Network of TNT and the Southeast Asian Road Network of TNT and our Regional Presidents and Express Management are working through that with the integration team. So we’re going to defer those until we get a little bit further along. Third, there are a fair number that are hypotheticals about what new services we might offer or adjacencies and of course that’s not in our best interest to answer from a competitive standpoint. So, now let me get to some of them that do get the nail on the head. With the acquisition of TNT, can you discuss major IT requirements going forward, specifically are the current systems robust enough for the combined entity and are there any needs at the product service level. So I’m going to ask our great CIO, Rob Carter to opine on this.
Fred Smith: Let me ask Dave Bronczek, this question, maybe a follow-up from Alan. It's also related to TNT, how long do you think the TNT integration will take. UBS recently said they expect it would take 1000 people five years, what’s your margin outlook for the EU business longer-term. Is there a structural reason you can't add margin summer at UBS [ph] international business over time. What are the milestones? Well, that's our entire business plan, but Dave Bronczek will give you as much of it as he can. Okay, Dave. 
Fred Smith: Alan what level of debt, capital or debt to EBITDA should we be thinking about over the long-term for the Company? And there are a number of questions about future CapEx. So let me just lump all that together into a balance sheet question for you.
Fred Smith: Dave for you and Mike Glenn, how quickly will the TNT name go away so the entire international parcel and freight network is branded as FedEx? That’s from David Ross at Stifel.
Fred Smith: Here is a question which issue is most concerned, FedEx in the coming election? I would say, we would have a hard time putting up a list of the things that don't concern us giving the two candidates position, but obviously we're concerned about the anti-trade rhetoric a lot of the anti-business positions and it's very worrisome. But hopefully after the election cooler heads will prevail. There are lots of things that need to be addressed. We talk about it many times, I mean, China has been quite mercantilist on its trade policies, but the way to deal with that is to negotiate which I don’t think not to threat them or take all of the huge benefits of trade and throw them away. We have thousands and tens of thousands of highly compensated people working for FedEx in the United States are involved in trade, pilots, mechanics, customs clearance people, pickup and delivery personnel, that's the story that never gets told when the tragedy of a local plant closing gets put on the TV. So I'd be happy to debate the mass benefits of global trade with anybody that wants to do it, but we're very concerned about the positions of both parties in trade, in particular.
Fred Smith: I have a Internet question from Ravi Shanker about LTL. We are doing here as long as Mike's answering questions. How would you characterize the LTL environment specially in terms of pricing and competitive actions.
Fred Smith: 37 hubs, I mean the size of these things are 250 to 300 acres. They handle tens of thousands of packages. The miles driven by FedEx Ground per year is 1.2 billion miles and freights in the same capacity level. So these upstream modes are very substantial and actually the last mile is the easiest thing to do if you don't have any upstream infrastructure. Problem there is that you cut yourself off from the tens of millions or billions of potential other shippers from every other part of the world that can be co-mingled to lower stop caused by having more stops per hour or more deliveries per stop. And that's the thing that we’ve been consistently saying, I use the word fantastical, if you recall, because all of these analyses are either unmindful of that or they make assumptions that are erroneous when you actually understand what the real world numbers are. Let me just give you one statistic. I don't mean to impeach any one entity, but there have been several analyst reports that have come out and said will 767 airplanes can carry 120,000 pounds and so the calculations are done on that. The maximum cubic revenue payload of a 767, we're pretty damn good at this is far less than 120,000 pounds and if you load it up with just pallets, you're probably talking about two thirds of that if that the airport locations to process these things and the containers they’re more difficult than the airplanes by far. So, I use this opportunity. Thanks for the question Bascome, but again to point out some of the analysis that's being done, that's not in accordance with the facts on the Ground, literally and figuratively.
Fred Smith: I [indiscernible] told you about something Kelly. Nice try. I said I would come back in September and will be accretive in '18.
Alan Graf: Allison, thanks for the question. We've been talking about this for a number of years, how we wanted to be more aggressive in our dividend peace of our shareholder returns. And so we picked the 60% increase to try to get it up to a 1% or as close to 1% yield as we could which we think is an important milestone. I can't make any promises for a year from now, but we will look to continue to drive up our dividend and we will continue to buy back stock and will balance that with all the other needs that we have for capital in the in the Company, but we feel that that's an important part of our shareholder returns as well.
Alan Graf: I'd say we're putting a significant amount of long-term capital into Ground. We did in '16, we’re even increasing it in '17. That has a pretty hard drag. We are also converting from to our -- to our model which also has some drag, and we’re putting in new services that take a while to roll out and develop. So, I’m not going to sit and say where the Grounds margin is going to go up or down, because we’re going to just manage to -- we think the long-term growth needs a [indiscernible] in '17, but I’m sure that the operating income is going to go up. And to Express, if you exclude TNT absolutely we are on an improved margin and operating income level and we will again maybe talk about that more later.
Alan Graf: Yes, I said accretive in '18, just to be sure, because there may be some things that we want to do early on in '18 that we don't get done in '17, but it will be accretive in '18, Chris and I think obviously the European road network is the gym significantly lowering Express's cost for intercontinental pickup and delivery, allows to be much more competitive in Europe, than would be able to be in the past. I'm seeing -- I think in the tax area we're going to get some good synergies. I have no doubt about that. I’ve underestimated what we're going to get on the sourcing side of the house and I think we’re going to see great productivity as we integrate these network state.
Alan Graf: Well, balance sheet is strong. Our credit metrics are I think -- we are at -- we’re a Company with the growth opportunities that we have need to be, and we intend to work on improving those over the next 24 months. So I think I've been in the financial markets from a debt standpoint a lot in the last couple of years, and we will probably take a little break on that, because as I said, we think, we know we have the cash flow coverage for what we're trying to do. So, going forward we've always said we're a capital intensive growing transportation company. We think the sweet spot for CapEx is 6% to 8% of revenue. Next couple of years we’re going to be above that basically because we're re-fleeting, we're expanding Ground as rapidly as we can, as efficiently as we can and we got the TNT integration put together. But having said that, it's very manageable with what's in front of us. As I said, we are going to continue to increase earnings, cash flows, returns and margins. And we have been improving our ROICs and we’ve been definitely improving our return on equity, but at the end of the day, that's not the most important metric. Most important metric is shareholder return. So, over the last five years we have had a share price return of 88%, which is a CAGR of little bit over 14.1% as compares to 53 for UPS, 63 for S&P 500, and 47.5 for the Dow Jones Transports. That's the number that's the most important for our shareholders and the same goes for total return. And when it go back longer-term, last 15 years our total return to shareholders have been 377.6%, UPS has been 170. So, while ROC and ROE are -- ROIC and ROE are nice metrics, they know win the ballgame.
Alan Graf: It mean do better than the 5 and 50 numbers I just gave here, which are already pretty good. We make these capital investments for the long-term and I think our cash flow and EBITDA are fabulous and they're growing great and they’re going to continue to grow great, but we’re aggressive. I mean, when we bought TNT and you spend $5 billion on capital the same year, and you buy back a bunch of stock, that’s aggressive. So, the confidence that we’ve in our markets going forward and our ability to continue to improve our margins, I'm not concerned about being [indiscernible] and just staying in low numbers, we want to exceed those. And give Express a couple more years with TNT under its belt and stand back.
Alan Graf: Well, that would be my preference but I’ve a Board of Directors. We’ve got a lot of things to balance and decisions to make, but we’ve been very consistent over the last number of years of -- in our June meeting of raising our dividend, and so I would expect you could see us continuing to do that. I can't say exactly how much, but it will be the objective. And again with the reduced number of shares since we bought so many back, when the scheme of our cash flows, the dividend actually is kind of on Page 3, in terms of it impact our overall cash flows and spending.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks for asking and that is my business plan. Let me just say, and Rob Carter said a lot of it already, we’ve had a team on the Ground, our best of our best people in operations, in sales, in marketing, in IT, and really across the board and they've been working for many, many months now. And so, what we’re coming away with is a company that we believe is going to be very, very strong and powerful into the mix with FedEx. If you remember, I ran FedEx Europe for many years and TNT was my partner over there in the outlying area. So, I already knew that their service was good. I already knew that their culture aligned up with our culture. I was over there on day one for the integration, 28 days ago and I can tell you that they’re excited and we’re excited. So going forward you’re going to have the integration take place that needs to take place, so that we make sure we do it right. And when we come out of the integration process, we have the most powerful service, cultural for people, and profitable business that you can have over there in Europe and that will be the case.
Dave Bronczek: Well, we -- I said earlier, we think about $200 million of expense -- integration expense and about a $100 million of integration capital, but it's very early days. Our team is extremely excited and there were a lot of great ideas out there that looked at high returns and actually the demand probably is even higher for that, but we’re going to have to channel that so that we don't do any -- anything too fast and have some sort of a breakdown or whatever. So, we will be getting that as we go. Again, I have a pretty good idea about the outlook as on its own about what TNT plan to finish it here through calendar '16, but we're working right now on finalizing their plan or what the integration will do that outlook plan and carry it all the way through to May 31 of 2017. And so we will be talking to you about that in the September timeframe.
Dave Bronczek: Hey, Tom, this is Dave Bronczek into the question. Yes, we're very optimistic going forward. Alan has already said it. It's in our DNA. Now we been successful with our profit improvement plan. It's -- it continue to roll out, all five of the pillars are doing great. We beat the plan. Execution of quarter earlier than we thought and yes it's in Allen's outlook, Express is going to continue to roll. So on the operating profit side, yes up. On the margin side, yes up.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, Alan is right about all of that. I’ve looked at it now for a lot of months and they have the best road network in Europe by far. When you layer all of our international businesses around the world coming in to Europe at that efficient productive, low-cost network and you add it to the European network on its own, all of a sudden you start multiplying the benefits in there, they’re very high. On top of that, we actually have a very excited sales force between their team and our team and we've been meeting with them. I think we’re going to see a lot of benefits there that we actually hadn't really added into the equation yet. They’re going to be coming in, and of course the sourcing. So, I think on all fronts we're going to end up with one powerhouse in Europe going forward.
Dave Bronczek: No, that’s exactly right, Fred. The only thing I would add is that we're not adding capacity. And I think that's an important point. We’re replacing the older planes that have less fuel efficiency and higher maintenance costs with these new more modern better planes. So they’re not adding any capacity, just replacing.
Mike Glenn: Commercial Ground delivery and LTL delivery to stores is an important part of our business. I would just say and remind everyone that today e-commerce is about 10% of total retail and are growing faster than traditional retail. Traditional retail is still growing. So, we don't expect any major impact in terms of our volumes going to the retail. As a matter of fact, we think there may be opportunities going forward as omnichannel plays began to be more prevalent and e-commerce strategy involves pickup at the store level. So, we think there's an opportunity there. I’m quite comfortable with our position.
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly the U.S. Postal Service did face some challenges going forward with the dramatic growth of the e-commerce and we won't speculate on how they deal with that, but we see e-commerce as a tremendous opportunity. At some point it may make more sense for us to deliver a lot of the SmartPost packages in our network as Henry's talked about. We certainly have the technological capability to do that and when we do that our cost goes down. So, we think we're pretty well prepared.
Mike Glenn: Well, let me just say this Jack, we think that FY17 this should be the peak. It's not going to drop much off of this going forward based on the growth we're seeing and the expansion we have planned. And I’d like to remind everybody that our volume grew 10% year-over-year and on an average daily volume basis our volume is double over the last 10 years. So you have to expand CapEx to build the capacity and you just run the business day-to-day here. On the SmartPost side, we’re well along. We haven't integrated all facilities yet and that's largely due to the fact that the growth in that service has been such that we’ve been a little bit constrained by Ground capacity and being able to move more volume into the network. But the two big IT events, the first occurred in January, which just allows us to begin manually matching addresses on packages and moving them into the Ground network for final delivery. And then, the next big event will come next summer where virtually we can have the system match addresses and move them. And as I’ve explained in the past, you move a SmartPost package into the Ground network, you can deliver that incremental package for roughly 25% of the postage as opposed to tendering it to the USPS. So we’re pretty excited about that. We're looking forward to get in the spring behind us.
Mike Glenn: That was a great question, and I just came back from Amsterdam and I can tell you that we’ve already announced to our team at FedEx Express and the TNT folks as well, we have announced several Senior Vice Presidents in our new organization that came from TNT. The Head of Customer Service for all of our organization came from TNT. Some of their leaders in sales that will be our new team are from TNT, integrated with our folks. Their culture is very, very similar to ours. I can tell you that they're excited about joining our team and our culture, however, because we’re more global than them of course. So, I think you're already seeing and I was told first-hand by all the people that I met with over there was thousands of people, how thankful they were that we were integrating their people with our people. It should be also said that that is the history of FedEx across-the-board. We've done it in every acquisition, we did at Flying Tigers, Caliber, and on and on. So they already kind of knew that, but now they know it for sure.
Mike Glenn: Let me take a shot at that first. This is Mike Glenn. I want to remind everybody that we -- when we acquired Caliber Systems, we actually operated RPS as RPS for about 18 months to two years. We did that because we wanted to make sure that the service that we were providing in the level of integration was consistent with the FedEx brand. We got a very detailed brand plan that is part of our integration efforts with TNT. There are certain countries where the TNT brand is quite strong and actually has a higher level awareness than the FedEx brand. There are other countries where the FedEx brand is stronger, there are other countries where they’re approximately the same and we have a brand's transition scenario for all three of those. So it will take us some time, but we’re going to follow what we know works and that is to be patient to make sure that we make these changes at the right time, because candidly we want to leverage the strength of the TNT brand during the integration.
Mike Glenn: The answer to the question is yes. We continue to expand our FedEx office locations through hotel and convention service opportunity site specific logistics opportunities. We also are expanding through our FedEx authorized ship center network. In addition to that, we leverage third-party opportunities such as office superstores. So we're continuing to focus on that as we know that’s going to be a critical part of e-commerce going forward.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. As you know we just implemented that change to June 1, so we're only a few weeks into that. It's premature to comment on a potential benefits and in fact we actually don't expect to see a lot of benefits. We expect those shipments that that those characteristics to continue to move primarily in the Ground network, although there could be a few that move over to LTL.
Mike Glenn: Well, first let me say Walmart is being a long time and growing customer. We’ve been business partners with Walmart for many, many years. They’re named carrier of the year on a consistent basis and I think they clearly value the service that we provide. And so I expect those trends to continue in terms of our growth with Walmart going forward. Regarding regional carriers, I mean the fact matter is regional carriers simply don't have the scope and the scale to be able to compete with the networks that make up 95% of the e-commerce shipments in the U.S, and as said before that would be FedEx UPS, United States Postal Service. So thoroughly there's a role for regional carriers and -- but they cannot compete in our opinion with FedEx over the long haul.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We made a number of pricing changes targeting this specific area starting with the change in unauthorized package charge, which is packages that are oversize and outside the characteristics of the Ground network in which we can handle at our discretion, we increase the surcharge there. We actually increase the surcharge on oversize packages. As noted, effective June 1, we increased surcharge on additional handling packages, additional handling surcharge changing the dimensions, the linked dimension from 60 inches to 48 inches. And we're considering other options that would be appropriate for that space. Having said that, that business continues to be robust, and a growing business and an important part of these e-commerce growth going forward. There are plenty of stories of companies out there that are being successful in non-traditional e-commerce retail segments, which would be packages that are typically larger like mattresses and other things like that. So we're happy to handle that, but we expect to be compensated for the service that we provide.
Mike Glenn: Sorry. Yes, frankly earnings stayed flat. We had good revenue growth, but we were impacted from the well deserved pay increase and also some benefits from last year. Our expectation is double-digit margins at the freight company going forward. We will achieve that through balanced yield and volume growth, as well as adding technology into our network for the future.
Mike Glenn: Yes, this is Mike Glenn. Let me comment on the Express deferred numbers. What we saw during the quarter was a shift in mix from deferred actually to overnight from a couple large customers and we also had a couple of releases last year, which impacted the quarter. So the numbers were skewed a bit, it's not an issue where we're saying Express business trade down to Ground.
