Henry Maier: Thanks, David. Well, as Mike said, margins in the second quarter improved to 110 basis points and operating income improved 61% year-over-year. Given the very unique environment leading up to peak, our resource ramp-up looked very different than it had in prior years. Peak preparation expenses were much higher and occurred much earlier than in the past as we anticipated the potential impacts of COVID on resource availability and the timing of customer volume coming into the network. We are and have been -- we have been and continue to be extremely aggressive on the hiring of new package handlers. In fact, we are still onboarding record numbers of package handlers as we speak. We recognize new challenges for service providers and adding drivers and vehicles. So, we pulled the peak settlement rates forward by a number of weeks to better enable their businesses to be ready for peak. All of these things drove higher than normal operating expenses associated with peak preparation than we normally incur in Q2. Merits and accruals for variable comp also affected year-over-year comparables. Investments in preparation for this year’s peak included capacity additions in the shape of six new regional sort facilities, four new automated stations, eight new or expanded large package facilities and expanding more than 50 facilities with additional automation and material handling equipment. A number of these facilities came on line much later this year than it is acceptable than in years past due to permitting and construction delays due to COVID-related shutdowns last spring. In fact, if you think about a regional sort facility, which employs about 500 handlers, the last one came on line the weekend before Thanksgiving, which would have been four to six weeks later than would have been acceptable in any other year. As we stated in the second quarter, we expanded our coverage of seven-day residential service from 60% to 95% of the U.S. population. This expansion required the addition of sorts and automated package processing facilities, as well as the addition of pre-loads that formerly didn’t exist on Sunday in roughly 50 stations. Finally, assuming no significant change in business conditions as we see them today, we expect margin improvement to continue year-over-year in each of the next two quarters. Thanks for your question.
Henry Maier: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Allison, I think, the way you should think about this is we’re going to invest much more heavily on the edge of our business, which is the last mile space. So, if you think about this, our focus is going to be on much smaller automated satellites and stations, regional sortation facilities, which, if you’re not aware, sort about 12,000 to 15,000 packages an hour. They tend to be inbound only so that we can process direct loaded volume from large retailers. They are much less costly to build and operate because what we do is we go in and we modify an existing building. And we are able to get these up much quicker. In fact, the time to get them up and running is measured in months instead of years, like some of the bigger construction projects we’ve had. They’re solely designed for the sortation of regional packages. And I think when you think about regional, you should think about overnight mainly. And one of the great advantages they have is that they can serve as a relief valve for spillover sortation at peak. There is a lot of other levers we can pull here. The ideal situation for us is to be able to load direct van, not have to go through a destination facility. We’re investing heavily in technology tools that will give us the ability to do that. There’s a lot of things we do, particularly this time of year at peak with mobile docs and annexes and the ability to waive dispatch and run dual pre loads in facilities that allow us to dual use facilities when volume is at the level it is now that don’t require us to invest in the traditional brick and mortar. Now, all that being said, we’re always going to have brick and mortar in our business, but many of the transformational initiatives I’ve talked about are intended to give us better real-time information about what’s coming so we can make decisions that reduce our input costs. The main area would be re-handles so that we can bypass the brick and mortar facility altogether and load right to a vehicle that’s going to go deliver those packages in the neighborhood. So, I hope that answers your question.
Henry Maier: Okay. I’ll take the first part, and then, I’ll let Brie take the second. But, let me talk about peak. First of all, we haven’t actually had a conversation about that. And since we’re in the midst of it, let me begin by saying I couldn’t be prouder of the Ground team and what they’ve been able to accomplish this year, just like about everything else in 2020, which has been an extraordinary year. Peak this year has been pretty extraordinary. All the things I talked about in terms of investments, resources, capacity, are all really driving one of the best peak seasons we’ve ever had, in spite of COVID and all the other challenges we’ve had in this business. On average, FedEx Ground is delivering 25% to 30% of the volume a day early, and the average package spends about 2.4 days in the network in terms of transit, which is faster than last year, in spite of the volume and the challenges I outlined. I think, the issues this year on the cost side were timing and a lot of unknowns. I talked about the building -- the facilities came on much later this year because most governments were shut down for two months. So, we couldn’t get permitting that really slowed the time line here. And even though our property and engineering team did a fabulous job in the race to the finish line here to get them up and running, facilities came on a lot later this year than normal. In terms of the resources, particularly in the case of handlers, I would just say two things. When you bring on resources at the rate we’re bringing them on, they are not very efficient. It takes time for these people to be taught their job. And there’s this ramp-up of 2, 3, 4 weeks it takes for a handler to learn their job. And once again, I mean, we’ve got a sizable portion of the handler workforce that is not as productive as they could be. I think, I said on the call at the end of Q1 that our facilities are not designed for social distancing. So, out of an abundance of caution in keeping safety above all in our business, we’ve got a staff and man these buildings in such a way that we can keep our people safe while they’re at work. The unintended outcome of that is, is that we don’t get the desired or engineered throughput through all these buildings we would in the time pre-COVID. So, those are the things that are probably most material to the cost side of this. As I said, also in the earlier question, we pulled peak settlement for our service providers forward because we knew they were going to have challenges with the recruitment of drivers. And we recognized early on that vehicles were in short supply. Once again, automotive manufacturing plants were shut down for two or three months. And new and used vehicles in the market right now are almost impossible to find. That meant that rental vehicles had to be procured much earlier and with commitments that were much longer than normal. And we made adjustments to settlement in those situations to try to defray some of the costs for our service providers. Finally, let me just say one last thing. Our ISPs have done an unbelievable job this year at peak. I’ve lost track for the number of days we’ve had peak package delivery days, peak stop days, et cetera, and they have stepped up every step of the way this year. And I would reinforce again that the ability and flexibility of those small businesses to make decisions on the fly based on local conditions and the data we push to them about what their delivery is going to look like the next day, there’s nothing short of unprecedented and is truly a differentiator in our business.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brandon. Let me start, then I’ll turn it over to Brie. Firstly, just to put it in perspective here, the technology and the talent are very critical components of this, and the fact that the technology platform that connects brands and merchants to consumers is very important. The important thing also is the combination of those capabilities with FedEx’s capability is our physical and digital infrastructure. And we have -- ShopRunner being an established e-commerce platform that directly connects online shoppers with brands and merchants that they love and trust offering member benefits and the seamless checkout, and you combine that together with our goal to create a more open collaborative e-commerce ecosystem that benefits merchants and shoppers. So, we think it’s a great marriage. We think this is going to be very successful as we marry the technology and talent from the ShopRunner, along with our capabilities. I don’t know Brie, you want to add a couple of points there.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Let me kick it off and then Don can answer. I think, the point about when the capacity, supply and demand for us to balance is of course, we have to look at that. We feel that as the demand comes back, the capacity will be in shortfall for quite some time, and our FedEx capacity will be at significant premium. And, as Brie pointed out in our remarks there is quite a bit of runway ahead of us in this regard. So, let me turn it over to Don for his comments.
Raj Subramaniam: Can I just add a couple of things here? I mean, as both Henry and Brie said it, the two areas, one is improved density and efficiency. And Henry already gave an evidence of some of those and those -- we expect those trends going forward. And second, this is one, the revenue quality that Brie talked about. So, to look forward, we are optimistic about what Ground can deliver with this increased volume that we get.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. The over -- we have moved over more than 10 million packages from Express to Ground, primarily. These are primarily -- I mean, these are rural and residential packages that because of e-commerce and the ability for us to have a definite system of lower -- the definite system, more than 10 million packages into the Ground system. In addition, FedEx Freight has done a lot of work for FedEx Ground as well. They’ve driven 40 million miles, up 80% year-over-year. There were 1.5 million packages that Freight has delivered -- handled packages, up more than 435%. There are several such numbers, but the collaboration is very active. And we are making sure that we put the right package in the right network and the right cost to serve.
Raj Subramaniam: There are innings in cricket too. But yes, no, we are just getting started, if that’s what you mean.
Raj Subramaniam: And Allison, that’s density yet again. You’ve heard us say it numerous times, but that is density and how we manage that yet again.
Brie Carere: Sure. Thanks Raj. We’re very excited about the ShopRunner acquisition and having Sam and his team join us. We have some interesting product capabilities that I’m not going to be able to share all the details at this point. But, I think, the three things from a go-to-market and a value driver that we see in the very near-term as we’re looking at the ShopRunner acquisition, the first is that we have the logistics capabilities to create greater certainty with the existing ShopRunner offering to consumers. We can work with their brands to make the reality even more efficient on their current offering. Second, with their order catalog and their data visibility into these brands, we can see us stream earlier. This is an incredible advantage from a logistics optimization. Third, when you think about the post-purchase experience, and you can take ShopRunner’s order catalog without post-purchase visibility into transit, we think that we will have a best-in-class post-purchase consumer experience. So, those are the first three things out of the gate, but we’ve got a lot more to come and we’re super excited. Great question.
Brie Carere: No, I think, you’ve covered. I think, the only other detail that I would add is we’re not quite there yet from a recovery from a B2B perspective. We have seen strong momentum and some early, early signs coming out of Europe. That’s obviously where it’s most important to us from a business mix perspective. And my hat’s off to the European team. They have done some incredible work this year, while their B2B business has not come back. So, that is additive to where we’re at right now for sure.
Brie Carere: From an LMO perspective, obviously we’re excited to turn that back on. I think, I covered the percentage of residential that’s already in the network right now. So that remains an upside opportunity. We have gained share consistently over the last 20 years. And we’re very, very optimistic about the future and opportunities. That’s why I continue to share the growth of e-commerce and those numbers, 111 million packages in the market by 2026. There’s some significant room for growth there. So, we’re really excited about the FedEx Ground outlook.
Brie Carere: So, we’re going to continue to execute on our revenue quality strategy. We think that there’s been some fundamental shifts in the market. And you saw the beginning of that this quarter with a 20% increase in our SmartPost products and a 10% increase from a yield and the residential business. We believe surcharges will be a part of our pricing strategy moving forward for e-commerce. They are a necessary part. We also are going to continue to work on our product and our customer segment mix. And what do I mean by that? We are leaning into our home delivery product for growth. It is the best value proposition in the market. No one else can do 7-day. And we expect to continue to get a premium. We also expect that that will continue to drive market share from small and medium customers who cannot move to a local operation. And they really do value the national speed advantage that we have. So, yes, I continue to expect a strong, yield performance for the FedEx Ground portfolio. And we’re confident that we have started to change some industry trends this year.
Brie Carere: And to answer the second half of your question, I think, Jill Brannon and her sales team have just done an incredible job leveraging our weekend capacity. The incentive is, you use the weekend or you lose the capacity. And that has worked. Do we have opportunity? Yes, I believe we have incremental opportunity to further improve the productivity and density on the weekend. But again, we have created a peak capacity strategy that does require customers to pulse their volume more equally throughout the week. And our best largest customers are doing just that with us. They’ve been great partners and I think they’ll continue to see us do a good job of out of peak moving forward.
Brie Carere: Sure. We really were hoping to change shopping behavior, and we really didn’t see that to be completely honest. We have seen, as a result, I think there’s far more awareness from consumers of the unprecedented year we’re having. What we did see is the ground team and the sales team did such a great job educating the merchant and the customer that we saw a lot better planning. And as a result, we saw volume, and we are seeing volume earlier in the Express network. So, it was successful and that we were able to move some of the higher value e-commerce into the Express network. And we have been successful in smoothing day of week within Henry’s network. We were not successful in getting all consumers to shop before the cyber weekend. So, that remains a goal, let’s just say.
Brie Carere: I would say, in general, the conversations have gone very well. The largest and most successful retailers in the U.S., they understand how important FedEx Logistics is to -- quite frankly to their growth strategy. And so, I think we’ve had some tremendous success. I do want to be clear on the SmartPost. It was about trading out as well. That’s a big part of the strategy. So, the customers that understand the value we bring, they’ve been great partners, and that’s enabled us to move forward. And for those who don’t value our speed and our differentiated value proposition, as you can see in our growth numbers, there were lots of customers who did value that. So, it’s not a one-size-fits-all. But overall, I would say that the team has done a great job and that come January, we’ve already had a -- we have a full -- Jill’s calendar for January is full as she moves into peak planning for next year, and I think this year has set new precedence for many years to come.
Mike Lenz: Okay. There’s a lot of questions in there. Let me try and just say, look, we certainly highlighted that we are incurring incremental costs and contingencies related to the pandemic and that continues to create uncertainty in our near-term forecasts. But as Henry outlined, we’re very confident about the trajectory of the Ground business and the initiatives we have in place. Just to elaborate a little further, I mentioned that we’re -- we anticipate spending more on capital expenditures in our Ground business from next year. The increase in facilities which -- that would be both, new automated facilities, as well as expansion of existing ones, that’s not the only lever we have and are working on to improve Ground margins and profitability. We also will continue to deploy technology to further enhance that asset productivity, as well as deeper collaboration with our customers to optimize when, where, and how we receive the shipments. So, I’m not going to put a point forecast on things, but we’re trying to paint the picture here for you of all the initiatives and things that are coming together that are going to drive that going forward.
Mike Lenz: Jack, the answer to your first question is, two big drivers of that. We made a $1 billion contribution to our pension plan in the first half of last year. And then, you are correct, the deferral of the payroll taxes into the CARES Act shows up there. At this point, the benefit from that we’ve deferred just north of $600 million of payroll taxes under the CARES Act. And those will pay back in calendar ‘21 and ‘22. Look, it remains we are fully focused on improving returns and free cash flow. But I don’t want to get into giving you a forecast at this stage of the game. But, we’re definitely prioritizing that, as well as improving our capital efficiency.
Mike Lenz: Scott, my crystal ball doesn’t go out much more than six months. So, I’ll stand by my statement about the next two quarters. I am highly confident of double-digit margins. I don’t know whether I want to get into a debate with anybody on this call about teams, so.
Mike Lenz: Hey Allison, it’s Mike. So, I don’t have a specific number to give you on that as we are, as I said, in the midst of formulating our plans and putting it together for FY22. But, unquestionably, the sustainability and acceleration of the e-commerce business that we have seen that everybody has highlighted is here to stay. And Brie spoke of this tremendous shift in the mix of residential business and with not much advanced notice, yet Ground has quickly adapted, adjusted and was able to increase margins. So, that’s a testament to the execution of the team on all fronts, the commercial teams, the operational teams. So, that volume is going to keep coming. So, it’s essential that we do invest in certain assets going forward, but it’s not going to be the same nature and configuration as you might historically have considered it. So, I mentioned, it’s facilities, it’s technology, it’s how we work with customers. But I’ll let Henry elaborate a little bit more on just kind of the nature of the facilities and how that works, so you have a better sense of it.
