Alan B. Graf: Well, I'll start and then I'll pass it over to Dave. Yes I think everybody has figured out the math by now about what Express has to earn to hit our running rate in '16 and you are not far off. But we're doing very well here in terms of hitting our profit improvement program and we will hit it. And I'm going to turn it over to Dave who has under his leadership has done a masterful job of getting the company in the position that it is in.
Alan B. Graf: Sure, this is Alan. The good news for our employees and our team here is that we’re all working really hard to continue to grow our cash flows and our earnings and that’s reflected in whether are there going to be higher accruals for our incentive compensation programs and in particularly in the first quarter, the accruals going to be significantly higher than it was a year ago. And so that’s going to mean that we’re going to come in below what the current consensus is for Q1, but that’s also factored into our annual guidance of $10.62, $11.10.
Alan B. Graf: Well Scott as you know, we usually don’t get down that sort of granularity level, but it’s significant to the first half versus last year’s last half and particularly the first quarter, because we’re accruing at a higher rate. I think we go from 8.95 to our range, it’s a significant achievement for all of our employees and we need to reward them accordingly.  We’re talking about incentive is cash compensation here. We’re talking about our annual incentive compensation program. We’re not talking about any of our stock or stock option program to simply related to the cash part of our incentive compensation. So it’s significant, it’s in the yearly guidance and as I said, we've given you quarterly guidance because frankly I couldn’t hit the numbers. So I freely admit that, but I’m very comfortable about the year.
Alan B. Graf: Hey Tom, I’ll start and I’ll turn it over to Henry. Your question about net income in the quarter, that is the result of our increased self-insurance reserve catch up that we’ve had to make in the quarter and that’s why that net income is flat. The margin was down because of the GENCO addition of revenue with very little income associated with that. And so I’ll turn it over to Henry for the rest.
Alan B. Graf: Ken, Ground margins in the fourth quarter adjusted for the one-time insurance reserve change in GENCO would have been around 19.2%. The delta between last year and this year on an apples-to-apples basis would have largely been driven by increased appreciation and rent due to network expansion and I will turn the other question over to Chris.
Alan B. Graf: Hi Matt, I'll start, this is Alan. First of all its really much more of a first quarter issue again and its incentive compensation, but also our maintenance expenses expressed is going to be flat year-over-year and it was fairly high in the third and fourth quarter. So that’s another benefit to the second half, but more importantly, let me just say that back in October of 2012 we didn’t think we’re going to have any negative GPD growth quarters. We thought we were going to have a 3% to 3.5% growth rate in the U.S. and a better International none of those things have materialized. So, where we're really being outstanding is our performance across the board in productivity and cost management. And although we don’t talk about it very much, I’m going to kick it over to my partner of Rob Carter on IT, because our IT transformation here is nothing short of spectacular. Rob’s team spent less money in fiscal ‘15 and than they did in fiscal ‘14 and are going to be flat in ‘16 while they’re modernizing our IT, making us quicker to market. I'll just let him talk about that. It is a very big part of profit improvement program and why we’re part of the reason why we are so confident in our ability to achieve it.
Alan B. Graf: I just want to add one more thing about our profit improvement plan and our confidence. If you take anything away from today about Express, let me just focus on the fact that in the fourth quarter the revenue line was down 4% and the adjusted rate operated income line was up 12%. So, it is lot of hard work and elbow grease, and productivity improvements, and tough cost management, that we're continuing, that we have ingrained in all of our companies and is going to continue and that’s why we’re so confident the way that Fred spoke. And by the way that 12% increase in operating, adjusted operating income could have been a lot higher had it not been for fuel, incentive comp and weather. So we’re highly confident about Express and that’s in our guidance for '16 and I’ll give you guidance from '17 a year from that, but I’m just as excited about that as about ’16.
Alan B. Graf: It’s Alan. I will start. Obviously we've been very aggressive in the acquisition space, so a long number of years. I expect we will continue to be aggressive in the acquisition space over the next several years. I mean we invest for the long term around here, but we also are very concerned with shareholder return as evidenced by our buyback in our increasing dividends. As to any specifics about any specific space, I will just say that depends on the fit, the culture, the price and all three of those things are vital and we’ve got the, we’re working on the TNT integration planning right now, which by the way is going very well. Thanks for asking. And I’ll turn it over to Chris on the other…
Alan B. Graf: I think 2017 will be another year that is going to be a little bit on the high end of our range. We would like to be at the 6% to 8% of revenue, but the way our aircraft delivery schedule is shaping up at the moment, it looks like 2017 will be a little bit higher than that, maybe at 9% and 9.5% range, but after that we will just see. But as I said, if we need to make long-term investments to improve our productivity and drive these cash flows, we are going to continue to do that, whether they are acquisitions or CapEx and we have a very, very rigorous process for both.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks Alan and thanks for the question. Yes, we’re very confident. We’re on track, we’ll hit our 75% run out rate, I’m sure you’ve all figured that out in your models by now, had a great quarter almost $600 million of profit, 9% margin, up 30% or more for the year. Our team has done a fantastic job in all five categories of our profit improvement plan. So we’re on track, we’re on target, we’re excited about the future and I look forward to more of the questions.
David J. Bronczek: Well, thanks and it’s a great question because you’re right, we are cresting right at 10% before the big recession. I would say we’re actually in a better position and better shape right now because we have actually brought our whole company around the world more in line with our cost structure and our revenues and so our differed packages now around the world are making us more money. Our network is more aligned to the right packages in the right network. Our U.S. transformation has been fabulously successful where we have reduced our headcount, reduced some of our stations, we’ve consolidated our routes. So for last time around when our margins are up so high, we’re better positioned now than we were back then. The second half of the year for us of course is big as it was this year. We were running over 35%, ended up because of the mark-to-market and so forth, some adjustments weather and fuel, we ended up the year at 30%. So I would say, we’re on track and probably a little bit ahead of where we were in FY '15 going out into FY '16. Our team has done a great job. Mike Glenn and his team with my team managing the revenues and the yields around the world, but it’s a very good question and I appreciate the question because we were very proud of where we were back then, we’re actually in a better shape going forward now.
David J. Bronczek: Let me jump in here. This is Dave Bronczek, Rob is right; Rob and his team have done a great job. Our profit improvement plan, we have a clear line of sight on really all five of the categories. The fleet modernization is forming magnificently. Our aircraft maintenance as Alan pointed out is going to be flat year-over-year which was always part of our plan. Our U.S. domestic operations led by Matt Thornton and Pete Gors [ph], excellent productivity, great cost control. The International network is performing as good or better than I actually though it would be and we have the plan around the world is actually achieving all of our goals. What we actually didn’t try to accomplish was over reaching on revenue. So, Mike Glenn and his team and we partner on that is we were taking more aggressive steps on our cost, networks around the world, they are performing magnificently. So the line of site is pretty clear for us and we’re very confident. 
David J. Bronczek: Yes, thanks Fred. This question came in from William Flynn [ph] from Potomic [ph]. It says with regards to express in a recently retired 15 aircraft, 21 related engines and the adjusted retirement schedule of the additional 23 aircraft and 57 engines, what is the timeframe for the ongoing fleet reconfiguration to incrementally boost margins. This was all part of the plan William, it was all part of the profit improvement plan, those planes that we talked about retiring they were all basically parked in the dessert, they were in engine repair that was going to be too expensive to re bring back and as Fred pointed out. So it is probably incrementally going to boost our profits more but it’s all part of our fleet modernization which is a big part of our plan. So you’re right and you focused on a very important point, the fleet modernization does boost our productivity and our profitability 
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I would characterize the pricing environment is very rational, in terms of Ground pricing obviously the change that we’ve made with the dimensional weight surcharge is now in full effect and we expect those trends to continue. So I just would characterize the pricing environment is rational.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn, let me make a couple of comments and then I’ll turn it over to Henry Maier. We’re currently working with our customers to plan for peak to ensure we have the right amount of capacity in the right places to provide outstanding service which we’ve done in the last couple of years. I think the most important thing regarding peak pricing, however, is to ensure that you have the right pricing in effect year round to make sure that it covers the investments that we make in our network to provide outstanding service. So the right pricing for 12 months a year is first and foremost the primary objective not just pricing for three to four weeks during the peak period. Having said that, we’re going to continue to monitor peak season shipping trends and evaluate potential pricing changes on a customer by customer basis as required to ensure that we have the right return on investment. But let me reemphasize again, the key to peak pricing is to have the right pricing in place 12 months out of the year, not three to four weeks out of the year.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, first of all, let me just say that setting up a transportation network is an extremely capital intensive network, requires very sophisticated information technology and takes a very long time to build out to scale, to be able to provide the type of service that customers expect. I think what a lot of people lose in this conversation is the fundamental input cost on pickup and delivery and that while technology today has certainly made user interface much more streamlined and easy as in the case of some of the applications we’re all accustomed to today, the fundamental input costs have not changed. The other part about it that I think people lose sight of is the customer experience. Research has indicated time and time again that a uniformed person with proper identification showing up at your doorstep is an important issue for customers and consistency of customer experience is very critical in that regard. So when you talk about the challenges of building a network of scale, the input cost, the technology issues and the customer experience required to deliver what customers expect of companies like FedEx and our primary competitors, it’s a pretty tall hill to climb. So, obviously we continue to monitor these situations and opportunities that that pop up from time to time, but we feel pretty comfortable in terms of our strategy going forward and our ability to serve the e-commerce market and our customers. So I hope, I have answered your question.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I’ve got an email question from Brandon Cannon from Gutenberg Equity Research. It’s regarding Ground yields. Can you provide some insight in the Ground yield exiting the quarter with first full quarter of dimensional weight changes behind us should we expect some decline and yield heading into FY '16 as customers adjust packaging? I’ve touched on this bit earlier and as I'd just remind everyone that we announced this change six months in advance and the reason we did that is to give customers plenty of time to start making adjustments and many customers have made adjustments in their packaging. We would certainly hope that they will continue to evaluate their packaging going forward, but having said that, we don’t expect any material change in trend in the dimensional weight surcharge going forward.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. The primary reason for the lower GDP outlook for remainder of 15 and as the first quarter, as you know the first quarter came in at negative 0.7 GDP growth year-over-year and as a result of that, that took down the annual number. We do expect stronger growth in the second half of the year and our forecast really hasn’t been materially changed in the second half.
Henry J. Maier: Yes Kelly, this is Henry Maier. Let me just add that when we look at customers in particularly the way we allocate capacity at peak, we allocate capacity to our existing customers, we don’t take on any volume for just one month a year. And it’s really important that we do that, because our customers tell us that our ability to serve their needs during the peak season really drives how they expect to give volume to carriers the rest of the year. So we deal with that holistically with pricing, but just philosophically we very much base peak capacity, very scarce peak capacity to the volume we get the other 11 months out of the year.
Henry J. Maier: Scott this is Henry Maier. Volumes in the quarter were up 5% year-over-year. I can tell you that I think volume for probably the last nine months has been a little bit on the soft side, but that’s just us, we’re always just as tight with our volumes. We’re not seeing anything that would suggest that there is anything going on here. I think that there clearly were some inventory disruptions with the port situation on the West Coast last year. We saw that manifest itself mainly at peak because we saw volumes from customers come from places that frankly they didn’t expect them to come from and we didn’t expect them to come from either. I think most of that is flushed out now and we expect fairly normal business levels going forward.
Henry J. Maier: Jack, this is Henry Maier. So let me, there are two questions there, let me take the first one. We are actively involved in integrating GENCO into FedEx. We have a very disciplined process for doing that. It takes 12 to 18 months to pull that off. There are integration costs that we have to incur doing that. I think that we can expect that with the full year results of GENCO and our plan with very, very light profits as a result of these costs, that GENCO will be a drag on our margins for FY '16. Concerning SmartPost there is a number of things going on with SmartPost. First of all, we made a decision this year to merge SmartPost into FedEx Ground. We did that for three reasons, one our people provides more opportunities for SmartPost people within FedEx Ground and vice versa, operating them as a separate subsidiary created some burdens or some obstacles to clearly moving people back and forth between the two companies. In the area of service, we’ve discovered over the last couple of years that we can maximize the use of facilities, both SmartPost facilities and Ground facilities not only do we drive cost out of the equation but we improved service and this change helps effect that. And then finally on the profit side, we expect OpEx to go down significantly as a result of this change, because we will have more efficient line haul and we’ll make better use of our capital assets without adding CapEx going forward. Now as Alan alluded to, we have our piece of software that’s going to be released this summer which will allow us to match addresses in the network between SmartPost and FedEx home delivery. When we get two packages going to the same address, we’re going to divert that SmartPost package into HD for delivery. We get significant savings when we do that as you can imagine. The accounting rules suggest that when we decide where the pack, what network the package is ultimately going to go into for delivery, we have to recognize gross revenue instead of net. Now there is absolutely no change in the profitability of any of these services. SmartPost will continue to be a very important service offering in the residential portfolio, but adding that gross revenue portion to the top line with no corresponding operating profit dilutes Ground’s margins by 100 to 120 basis points.
Henry J. Maier: Yes, I think it’s safe to assume that there is going to be fairly significant OpEx savings with the SmartPost change, obviously there is a lot of moving parts there. We’re going to do that in pieces to make sure that we preserve the service and I would venture a guess to say that most of that will occur in the late second half of the year and will likely be realized in FY '17.
Henry J. Maier: Yes Allison, we have a CapEx budget in FY 2016 of $1.6 billion, 90% of that is for network expansion due to growth. This will be our peak year. I think you can expect that in '17 and years beyond our CapEx should drop 30%, 35% from where it is this year.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay, thanks Tom. Just so, the boxes which is what our focus is growing very nicely, the envelopes of course are declining. So that would be how the numbers and they all roll together, but that’s where you would see that end result. But I think that going forward we were actually and several of you have sent notes to Mickey Foster on our fleet and our network and so forth, we’ve adjusted our network as you probably know in April where we actually adjusted our system form and shutdown one of our Trans-Pacific flights. So we are down one Trans-Pacific flight there now. That being said, we have adjusted it to the point where we still actually have 83% of our traffic moves as international priority and when we are moving deferred traffic, removing it in a system like our FedEx Freight network system, it actually makes more money on our deferred traffic as well. So we’re well positioned, boxes are growing, documents are declining somewhat in International and so going forward we think we are in very good shape.
Frederick W. Smith: Let me go ahead and start with the second part of your question, where we are actually modernizing our fleet. So we’re getting rid of very inefficient fuel burning aircraft of high maintenance to a newer fleet, better maintenance, better reliability, better fuel efficiency. So we’re balancing our fleet in the United States and around the world and that’s part of our profit improvement plan.
Frederick W. Smith: We have a question. It came in on the Internet that Dave Bronczek has now were about the airplanes and he will answer it for you. Let me make two comments here, one on the broad sounds and then secondarily to Dave on the airplane side. I think the important thing that the people that follow FedEx should focus on is our constant comments that we are very confident that we will continue to increase margins, cash flows and returns. And we told you that in 2012 and we’ve consistently done that, so let me reiterate that the management team around this table is very confident that we will continued to increase margins, cash flows and returns.  Having said that, we are a big outfit and we buy lots of trucks, lots of ground support equipment, lots of trailers, I mean between ground and the freight, I was just looking at these numbers, the other day we have over 70,028 foot [parts]. There was an article in the Wall Street Journal a couple of days ago about UPS handling oversized packages and I can tell you that the growth in those oversized packages is a big deal in e-commerce, so we are very, very hopeful that the Congress will increase the limit on twin trailers from 28 feet to 33 feet because it will take thousands of vehicles off the road, improve safety, save fuel, reduce emissions and allow both the LTL and the ground parcel businesses to better reflect the needs of the nation’s supply chain. Now as it applies to airplanes, they’re just like trucks and ground support equipment. We need to buy the modernized fleet, 12, 15 airplanes a year and we continue to do that and you can count on us continuing to do that because they are aluminum, they oxidize, they wear out and the new models fortunately burn a lot less fuel and are much more reliable. For instance one of the reasons that the fleet can go down is we don’t need as many spares with the new technology airplanes as we did with the old ones. Now, having said that, Dave you take over.
Frederick W. Smith: And I would like to thank Chris Richards who has had a tough time speaking the last four days and I have to tell you sometimes I would applaud my General Counsel not being able to say anything when she comes into my office, but thanks for coming out this morning Chris because I know it has been hard with that laryngitis you have.
Frederick W. Smith: First of all we are not going to answer the average length of haul, that's down in the weeds. That's what I would call not a strategic question. But as to, yes I have a pretty good idea what we are going to spend on TNT and I'll report it each quarter as we have actually spend it 
