Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Ken. Let me start and then John can add as he wishes here then. So, this has been a particularly difficult year for Express. Several headwinds this year, and many of them are transitory, but we're dealing with this as we speak. So, firstly, the demand surcharges out of Asia are significantly lower year-over-year. We've also seen the product mix-shift from -- shift from priority to economy traffic. And then, our fuel surcharges also have been lower. Finally, as part of the strategy from USPS, they have shifted more volume from air to ground, and so that's been also a headwind for FedEx this year. On top of all this, we have seen now the market demand weaken primarily because of slowdown of industrial production across the world, which has impacted our International Express Freight business as well. So, this is the background we are dealing with. I would say, that despite this, the team has done a really good job on execution on DRIVE, and flexing down variable cost to the tune of $1.5 billion in year-over-year expense reduction year-to-date. Clearly, Express is an opportunity for us as we look ahead. The redesign that I just talked about is very profound and what we call Tricolor, because recognizing the fact that we now have a significant mixture of Freight traffic, as well as deferred traffic, to change a portion of the existing flight schedule to a different clock, so to speak, allowing ability to drive more, ability to fill up the traffic and improve density, and again, most importantly, allowing us to feed into not only our International Road Network, but also into our FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight Network for the first time. And so this is a significant change, probably one of the biggest changes we've seen in decades. I think that's got the opportunity here to improve our asset utilization, improve density, improve return on invested capital in a significant manner. So, I just want to also just use this opportunity to say, at the enterprise level, we are -- we have improved our operating profit 17% and 110 basis points in operating margins despite a 3% revenue decline. Let me turn it over to John to see if what he wants to add.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me start on the latter question and I'll have John hit the former. We'll size the overall capacity to what the demand looks like and we're very -- we are very prudent in that. In fact, we've taken out a lot of flight hours in the last 12 months accordingly. So, the one part of it is sizing the capacity to demand. But within that capacity, now there is a fundamental restructuring that allows us to really improve our service on our core IP business, improve density across all our networks, and then essentially bring to a lower cost point and access some of our Ground networks that are really unparalleled. So, that's the idea with Tricolor. And so, let me turn it over to John for the other part.
Raj Subramaniam: So, we are very confident in the future potential for Express. I think if you look at the -- I mean, you got to take a step back and look at the vagaries of the global supply chain over the last few years. And we have -- the pandemic was one of those biggest supply chain bullwhip effects we have seen in the last 30 or 40 years and we are in the aftermath of that. We have seen now multiple quarters of the market being down. So, here we are in a situation where we are growing faster than the market and yet the overall demand environment is weak for our sector. So, the structural changes that we are putting into the Express network are real and they are actually designed to improve our profitability and return on invested capital. I'm very confident that the margins in Express will return and the structural cost takeout that's continuing to take place, it will serve us very well, and especially as the demand profile returns, it's going to be an -- it's going be very good opportunity for FedEx in the future.
Raj Subramaniam: So -- and just to answer that question, well, I think one of the things that you'll remember is that, we've -- a lot of the growth that's happening in the International space is in -- is happening in the deferred space, in the Air freight space and also e-commerce. So, whether -- as a future market evolves, this is the right design for us to be able to serve each part of the market with the right network in place. Now, how much, where it's going to fit in, that's yet to be determined as the market evolves. But again, what we are designing for is the right network for the right kind of traffic so we have an opportunity to be able to grow profitably in the International space.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Jordan. I think on the macro, we have been pretty consistent over the last few quarters about some of the -- two or three things. One is that the industrial production around the world continues to be weak, and again, that's reflected in our Express Freight numbers and even in our domestic Express numbers. Even though we are growing faster than the market, we -- these are headwinds to the industry -- for the industry volume. On consumer spending, I think the mix between goods and services, I think now that's nearly back to the pre-pandemic levels. As far as inventory is concerned, we believe that the inventory destocking phase is over. And but the restocking phase is yet to begin in earnest. So, we -- for the rest of the fiscal year, we have assumed -- we are not assuming any kind of improvement in these trends. Obviously, if that changes, that will be a positive. And we are definitely -- and we've said this over and over again over the last few quarters, we are have focused on the things that we can control and that's why we are so focused on the execution of DRIVE and again, I'll just reiterate that I am so proud of the team for delivering a meaningful bottom-line improvement despite the challenges in the top-line.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Bruce, let me take the first part and then I'll turn it over to John. As we have -- we are on track to our Network 2.0 for in implementation, as we've told you by fiscal year 2027. We have announced and/or implemented optimization changes in Alaska, Hawaii, Canada, as well as several locations in the lower 48, and we have learned a lot in this process. And in January, we'll announce the next wave of rollout once we get past the peak season. So, overall, we are on track. We're learning a lot in this process here. We're building the right technology solutions and the facilities required to move forward. And I'm quite pleased with the progress.
Raj Subramaniam: So, thank you very much. And in closing, we are showing clear progress on our transformation, delivering an unprecedented two consecutive quarters of operating income growth and margin expansion even with lower revenue. At the same time, we are providing our customers with outstanding service and speed through the peak and beyond. I'm very confident in our path ahead as we become a more flexible, efficient, and intelligent Company. Let me take this opportunity to once again thank the FedEx team members for delivering just a simply an outstanding peak. I was the best peak season I can remember in some time to come. And we also take this opportunity to wish everyone on this call and all our FedEx team members a very, very happy holiday season. Thank you very much.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Raj. I echo everything you said. I think the only thing I would add is that, our cost structure, Ken, anticipated a little higher demand than what we saw, so we will be laser-focused on bringing out as much of that cost as possible as we go forward.
John Dietrich: So, as you pointed out, there's a whole host of factors that went into the Express performance, and as Raj mentioned, we see that there will be continuing opportunities at Express. The cost in terms of the relationship with the demand will definitely be a primary focus of mine, and as we go forward, I know Brie and the team are really focused on revenue quality. And we're confident we're going to be able to manage that outcome and look forward to keeping you posted as we go forward.
John Dietrich: Sure, Scott. Thank you. Yes. Looking at Ground, we're really excited about the results we're seeing at Ground, and through DRIVE and all our other initiatives, we are focused on maintaining those margins. I think we have tremendous flexibility to continue to leverage the surface modes, including rail, and Raj touched on some of those other things. In talking with the team, we also have some additional opportunities to leverage our LTL network as well. So, we certainly are looking favorably on the ground at margins going forward. With respect to Q3, and while I'm not going to give quarterly guidance, historically, it has been our lowest profitable quarter and we expect seasonal trends to continue, but a lighter third quarter and more moderate margin improvement in Q3.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Raj. So, the majority of our adjusted operating expense decline in the first half was the result of lower volume-related expenses as we've continued to align our costs across the enterprise with reduced volumes. In addition, as you pointed out, we're making strong progress on our DRIVE and we are on track to achieve the $1.8 billion in structural savings in fiscal year 2024 that we talked about. It's fairly evenly spread throughout the year, with slightly more heavily weighted in the second half as some of these initiatives take hold. In Q2, Raj touched on some of the points in his presentation, of structural cost reductions, included approximately $115 million in the Air and International permanent savings category, $200 million in Surface savings and over $100 million in G&A. So, we're on track for that $1.8 billion as well.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Jack. It's John. So, yes, Tricolor was factored into our outlook. It's something we've been looking at for quite a while. It's very well-developed. We're looking forward to implementation. And it is factored into our full year outlook. From a cost standpoint, we're leveraging, as Raj said, the assets that we have. There may be some incidental facilities costs that we incur, but nothing that I would describe in the material category.
John Dietrich: So, I'll touch on the pilot piece, if I understood your question. Look, part -- most of what we're doing here is to increase the utilization of our assets and leverage the Purple network. So, the pilot contract allows for flex up and flex down, but where we are now is looking to take full advantage of the assets that we have. So, there, we'll work within the agreement constraints. But we have a fair amount of flexibility to execute Tricolor and our other initiatives here. I'm sorry, I'm not sure I caught the full part of the second part of your question. On Network 2.0, if that's your question. I think this fits in quite well. There is no constraints. We're talking about on the pilot side on Network 2.0. In fact, it's complementary from my perspective.
John Dietrich: So, I'll start with the discussion on Q3 or not going to be giving Q3 guidance. But as I said, I think it's reasonable to expect that typical seasonality will apply, I will say for Q3 in particular, due to FedEx Ground's very strong performance in last year's third quarter. With Ground operating margin inflecting positive by 240 basis points versus the prior year, we'll have a more difficult comparison. But I think it's fair to say, seasonality will play a role. Now with regard to the Express margins and the profits, we're going to continue to be laser-focused on that. As I said, our cost structure did not anticipate the higher demand. You cannot underestimate the impacts of all the things that Raj and Brie talked about. If you look to the year-over-year decline in the US Postal Service volume, combined with some of the minimum service requirements that are required, that really has a drag on your cost. And what I will say too is, we're really well-positioned when volumes return in light of all the initiatives we're taking right now.
John Dietrich: Great. Thank you. That's really a great question. And, I think the answer is yes to all of that, right. And what I would throw in as well is, maintaining our high standards of service that Brie talked about. We're factoring in all those factors, the ability to take on additional volumes when it returns, coupled with maintaining the highest quality service that Brie talked about, but also with a sense of urgency to be focused on that which we can take out as quickly as possible, without prejudicing those two very important factors.
John Dietrich: Yes. And Raj, what I would just add to that is that our expectations as a result of all of that planning is factored into our guidance.
Brie Carere: Good afternoon. Great question. So, from a USPS perspective, yes, this was a significant headwind this quarter as it was last quarter. From a negotiation perspective, we are having very collaborative negotiations with the Post Office, but I think we've also been very clear that it will take quite a significant change in contractual terms and agreement to renew that contract. We continue to value the partnership. We're both at the table. And of course, we are honoring our service commitments. And with the current volume levels, that is a headwind this fiscal year. So, we're still negotiating. As soon as we have a renewed contract or a decision, we'll let all of you know. I am optimistic one way or the other we will improve the profit situation at Express regardless of our relationship with the Post Office.
Brie Carere: Hi, Tom. Thank you for your question. Its Brie. I think the most important thing is that the market is quite rational. Yes, the yields have reset since the height of the pandemic, but I think everybody in this room fully anticipated that. As we mentioned, we continue to get a higher yield per package per segment in the US domestic market than our primary competitor, and we're very proud of that. We've been able to maintain that yield leadership and take market share. So, yes, it's a competitive market, but it's overall very rational and we feel really good about the team's performance. From an overall demand or performance in the quarter, we're actually quite pleased where yield was in totality. As Raj talked about, we do have some pressures from a mix perspective but that was more of an Express story. We feel really good about Ground and actually when you double-click and we look at the market share we gained, we actually took more share in the B2B segment. So, from a mix perspective, that's helping.
Brie Carere: Yes. It's a fair question. One of the things that we have been pretty candid about is that we are planning actively for both scenarios, that we are working in completely good faith to maintain this relationship and improve the profitability and deliver the service that USPS would like and we think quite frankly that FedEx is uniquely positioned to deliver. And parallel, through our DRIVE initiatives, we already are working our plan if that is not the case so that we can continue to grow Express margin and deliver on our DRIVE commitments, as we have previously stated.
Brie Carere: Yes. Great question. And we'll start with the second one first. We are seeing, yes, a very disciplined freight market and I will say, I think we're leading in disciplined freight. If you look at the volume that we took during the summer, we really like what we got. We actually were quite surprised that we found some really high-yielding customers and those customers have been very vocal about the great service that FedEx Freight is delivering, and so market is rational, we're delivering a great service. Lance and the team have just done an outstanding job. And so, we continue to be very optimistic about the margin profile in the future of FedEx Freight. I have to admit I forgot the first half of the question.
Brie Carere: Thank you. So, yes, fuel was a headwind, obviously, at the top-line and the bottom-line in the quarter. Moving forward, we do anticipate that fuel overall will be a headwind for the year.
Brie Carere: Okay, Scott. Let me try to unpack that. I think, first of all, from a peak perspective, our peak volumes are very much in line with what we anticipated for the month of December. And from a structural pricing perspective in peak, as you know, peak surcharges are a significant contribution to the month of December and we are very pleased. They continue to be something that we are enforcing and customers really understand that. They are there to cover the incremental costs from our largest peaking customers. So, from a peak perspective, we feel really good. As I mentioned, there is no question I get asked more around here, is that, are we holding on to all of the share that we took from UPS? And the answer I can give you is confidently, yes. We gave you last quarter, the 400,000 average daily packages. That's a slightly conservative number. We are tracking all accounts that won -- we won, specifically because of their concerns on the labor negotiations. The vast majority of those had an early termination clause. And to my knowledge, we have not lost a single one of those accounts. Now, of course, we do trade accounts with UPS and we have accounted for the trades between the two of us over the last quarter. And we're still up more than 400,000 average daily packages in the United States. In addition, we looked at their Q3 numbers, we've gained share. And also, I think it's important to note, we gained share here in the United States, but globally, we outperformed the market. So, it's a confident yes, and we have the better value proposition. I believe we have the better commercial team. I'm confident we'll hold on.
Brie Carere: Sure. Great question. I think, as Raj mentioned, of course, we're tracking all of the same economic indicators that all of you are tracking. And when you look at some of those indicators, you do start to see some optimism. What we're doing is, we're planning conservatively. Right now, we believe that there will we will see FedEx sequential improvement throughout the back0 half, but the overall market demand will not change within our fiscal year. When we've seen the momentum, I talked about a couple of places where we've got momentum, specifically on parcel, that -- the vast majority of that is two things, it's e-commerce and its market share gains. When we look at the largest indicator of industrial production and what we're seeing, we're not seeing a lot of restocking in our numbers yet. It doesn't mean that it won't come, but we're not seeing it yet. One of the greatest indicators of that is, actually, if you look at our Freight business outside of the United States, weights are not where they need to be. Shipment volume was decent, but it's really the weight that we're looking at and weight per shipment is still down dramatically as you can see in the numbers. So, we're planning conservatively. We're focused very much on what we can control. And of course, we'll keep you updated as things move on.
