Brie Carere: Hi, Allison. From a pricing strategy perspective, obviously, the vast majority of our volume is on highly complex contractual agreements. And so, it's quite difficult to streamline and break that out for you right now. But what I will tell you is from a Q3 perspective, you saw really us very much focused on our FedEx Ground economy product. We know the spread between the FedEx Ground economy and our FedEx Ground home delivery product, that yield spread, historically, has been too wide. So, we are very focused on prioritizing capacity at the higher-yielding home delivery product. And so you're going to see two things happen. You're going to see us give more capacity to home delivery at the higher yield and you're going to see us increase the yield throughout this calendar year, both through peak surcharges as well as through GRI strategies, and quite frankly, just contractual discussion. So, that's really our focus is closing that gap, prioritizing capacity for home delivery and making sure we've got capacity for our small and medium customers.
Brie Carere: I guess the short answer is, yes. We're anticipating that the market growth, 90% of the market growth is going to come through e-commerce. We've got a long-term outlook at more than 10% CAGR from an e-commerce perspective. So the short answer is, yes. And Mike, I'm sure would like to add something.
Brie Carere: Yes, I guess, the best way to think about March is the fundamentals are back. So, we're very confident. If we take February out, our fundamentals look a lot like they did in January, B2B is strong, SMB is back, Ground is in good shape. So, it was February revenue, but we feel very confident about the fundamentals in March.
Brie Carere: Sure. So I think when you think about what we're going -- what we have going on in the fourth quarter, we really actually have three kind of expansions from a service perspective. We will have, actually, we do have the fastest intra-European ground network as we completed the TNT ground network integration. That will provide growth, both from a B2B perspective, as well as a B2C perspective. So we are absolutely looking to take share intra-Europe, and we see that with the fastest network in Europe. We're confident we can do that. When you think about the intercontinental, we actually, today, have the leading value proposition from Europe to the United States, and we're going to double that. So we are going to have a dramatic advantage over both UPS and DHL. We're adding nine origin countries. So it's going to allow us to really expand both our B2B share as well as our B2C share outside of the major markets in Europe. And then third, as we're talking about FICP, the same story outside of the United States is playing out everywhere in the world with more than 85% of our parcel growth opportunity coming in, in e-commerce. And we did not have an international product that really had the right features of service for serving this massive growth opportunity. And we are under-penetrated. Full disclosure, we are behind both DHL and UPS in this market today, so we see there only upside. When you think about FICP, its features of service are different from our core B2B products in a couple of ways. Number one, we've changed the clearance capabilities. So we now have low-value clearance capabilities, or what we call type 86, which makes it a lower cost entry for the customer. We are automating our clearance capabilities, which reduces the cost to serve. We are changing the terms and conditions on the number of attempts that we will make at the last mile. And, of course, we're rolling out retail access points in Europe as well, so that we can provide that access directly to retail, again, lowering the cost to serve. So in all three of these segments, we believe we've got market share upside, but probably most specifically, on the overnight service to the United States, it's a B2B play. On FICP, it's a rapidly growing opportunity for e-commerce. I hope that helps clarify.
Mike Lenz: Jack, I'm not going to get into de-comping all of the puts and takes that come into seasonality. I guess I would refer back to when I mentioned an effective tax rate for the year of 21% to 22%, that implies a higher tax rate in Q4 than our -- typically, you can rule a thumb for a full year. The statutory federal rate is 21%, 3% or 4% for state and other. So, 25% on a kind of normalized basis. But as we've mentioned on the call, we have had about $300 million of discrete events through year-to-date in Q1 to Q3. So, I think when you kind of normalize for that and look at our underlying operating performance there, it is a very strong Q4 and I'll leave it at that. I talked about some of the other elements that will play into Q4 earlier, so I won't rehash those. But I think when you are able to piece it all together, it will be a very solid operating Q4.
Mike Lenz: Yeah. Jordan, just -- we threw a lot of numbers at you. But as Brie mentioned, we went from 62% to 70% residential mix, and FedEx Ground's margins were up 270 basis points. So I think that speaks to how we plan to execute on the continued growth of e-commerce.
Mike Lenz: Brandon, you broke up a little bit, but if I understand asking about one of the CapEx references. So as we said, volume grew 25% at Ground. And so as we came through December, evaluating and looking at what's ahead and the opportunity there, we see that as opportunity. Also, if you look at our -- when you get the chance to look at the stat book in terms of the maintenance CapEx, you can see that our facilities and vehicles, we deferred a lot of that this year. So there will be some amount of those that -- going forward as well. So we'll be -- we'll certainly give you more specifics on that when it comes to June.
Mike Lenz: I think the question is about returns. You broke up again. I will say with very absolute confidence that all of these investments we're making will generate a solid return on investment just as the investments we've made in the last few years are showing results today.
Mike Lenz: Amit, this is Mike. As I said in my remarks, $85 million of the weather was Ground. Again, we've said, we've given you fourth quarter guidance. We'll have more to say about future outlook in – for FY 2022 in June. But we're very confident of our ability to build on the momentum of generating increased returns and profitability at Ground.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Thanks, and it gives me an opportunity to brag on the team a little bit. So I guess, if there is any surprised me and it shouldn't have is how amazing the team is it that provided this exemplary service. Richard Smith and his organization have done Yeoman's work to make sure that these vaccines move through our network. As Fred said, an extremely high level of efficiency, a handful if that shipments that did not need service. I think what's important to note though, when we talk about the vaccines is really not the raw in absolute numbers that move in our network. In the grand scheme of things, when you look at almost 20 million packages a day moving through our network, this represents a very small portion of that. But what is important to note is a profound impact that these shipments have when they get to destination. And it really just validates our purpose, and it's one we take very, very seriously. The amount of lives that we potentially save, the amount of people we put back to work, amount of small businesses that reopen, the borders that can reopen back to normal levels. That's really the story on that vaccines and that's what we're most proud about. So I guess, the surprise that really shouldn't have been is the amazing work that our team has done to galvanize and be energized around this purpose. And they take that purpose very personally. Get up every morning thinking about the mission that we have to get these vaccines to market, so we can get them in folks on. So I couldn't be more proud of the team in the way that brought these vaccines to market globally. So thanks for asking that question.
Mike Lenz: Well, Scott, one thing that I would mention in the corporate unallocated line, as we've mentioned previously, FedEx office results are in there and the print-related revenue, while ADV is up spectacularly at FedEx office, the print-related revenue is significantly impacted by the pandemic. So as we start to come through that, we would anticipate we'll see some improvement there. On the variable comp, I guess, what I would say to you in that is we wouldn't anticipate that to be a headwind looking at FY 2022. I hope that helps.
Fred Smith: And, of course, we will be giving an FY 2022 earnings forecast in June. That has been something that's not been available during the pandemic from a lot of companies. But with the forecast that Mike just gave you for the fourth quarter, you can anticipate a full year FY 2022 range at our June call.
Fred Smith: Let me add something to that. The LMO initiative benefits in two ways. One, it takes lower-yielding residential packages and deferred packages and rural packages out of the Express network, allowing the Express system to concentrate on the high priority B2B and the verticals, particularly those that require ancillary services like SenseAware ID, which is on every single box of vaccines that we're now delivering. I mean, it's almost been flawless, the execution of that. And you can count on your hand the number of issues with the number of vaccines we've delivered in the millions. And so, Express is able to be more Express in the B2C and the less dense areas are more cost effectively served. So it's not just one side. It helps on both sides, which is what Don mentioned about the density, because as we get more residential packages that are not Express in nature, time definite, or something that somebody needs in a residence that Express has to deliver, it helps Ground's density, its cost, its asset utilization. And I think one of the things that I listen to these calls, the last call we had 13 questions on Ground margins. I don't know we're not going to have 13 this time, but we've probably got half a dozen so far, wouldn't that be close? So, one of the things that's hard for us to communicate to this group, Henry has mentioned, is the fantastic effect of this technology that we've been rolling out. We don't advertise it all the time, but Rob and his team and some of the fantastic work we have going on in other ways, that's why the confidence level is so high, that we can achieve these things in the future. So, what you all want us to do is to give it to you in a quarterly forecast and so forth, but some of the numbers that Raj laid out there for you, I mean, they're stunning in the productivity improvements. So, I think it's important to look a bit at the bigger picture of some of these things. And finally, I'll say, we have a plan to improve Express margins with a lot of passenger capacity in the marketplace and a plan to improve it without a lot of passenger in the market. It's not an either/or situation. And so those are the two recurring questions that come up in these calls. The e-commerce are going to go back because everybody -- the pandemic is over and your margins aren't going to get better and you're not going to do well in Express because the passenger is coming back. Those are inherent in most of the questions, these last two calls. Both of those are wrong. So, I felt I had to step in finally. I've tried not to answer any questions, but you're going down the wrong rabbit hole on both of those areas.
Fred Smith: Well, I will tell you most of the $350 million was revenue-related. We did have incremental costs at Express for, of course, beyond normal expectations for de-icing and snow removal, additional labor costs. And then I think a couple of you have noted that, we had a significant event with one of our facilities in the Netherlands there as well with the roof collapse, so that is a cost that was in the number as well. But principally, it is revenue from that. And I'll let Brie talk about the overall evolution of where we are now.
