Dave Bronczek: Thanks Donald, this is Dave Bronczek. I will start off. We have seen solid growth in Europe, as our numbers would indicate double-digit growth, we’ve had several years, in fact, you can go back to probably 10 years in a row now we have had double-digit growth out of Europe. So between Europe and Asia and Europe and the United States, we continue to see very strong growth in the sector that we participate in. So I understand your question and I understand that you would be concerned about it, but for FedEx Express very solid growth.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. We’ve taken six aircraft out of the desert in the fourth quarter, and we will be taking a little bit more than that over the next several quarters in FY ‘11, which is Alan’s earlier comment about maintenance.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Right, got you. Okay, thank you very much. That was really my only question.
Dave Bronczek: I should add to that, obviously the maintenance to go back to service on the engines in some of the numbers that Alan indicated.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Right, got it. Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek again. It is relative to probably the first-half of our fiscal year. The fourth quarter would be similar to the first-half, and then it would gradually decline.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks David. I'm glad you asked that question. And you are right, 18 months ago, we were right at 9.2% margins closing in on ’10, and maybe we can stop talking about it, because we will be double digits then and move on, but then the recession of course took place, and then by that 18 months in terms of rebuilding our revenue, taking our cost down, and resetting our baseline going forward to get to our 7% in the fourth quarter, obviously we are very happy with that. But there is no question in any of our minds the goal is double-digit margins as fast as we can get there, and obviously at the rate that international is growing, we have a very good prospect for double-digit margins in the very near future.
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave again, and for Express I can tell you that there is a strong demand for our FedEx Express air freight. You saw it in our numbers. Alan talked about 68% growth. That is international priority freight. So, I think you are right. I think that there is a lot more traffic shifting to air than we saw last year in the airfreight in IP. And then the rest of it moves on the ocean. Of course, we have FedEx trade networks that helps move that as well. So we're actually benefiting from more ocean traffic and more airfreight traffic in our sector. So from a freight perspective that you referenced, we are doing very well in both sectors.
Dave Bronczek: It’s Dave Bronczek, yes it’s intra-China, it’s Mexico, it’s Latin America, it’s Canada, the NAFTA lanes really all around the world we’re seeing obviously fueled by Asia’s economic power, but all around the world we have a lot of upside, lot of opportunity, trucking across the borders. Brazil, as Fred mentioned, before Mexico, intra-Asia and China. So obviously we’re very optimistic about our network opportunity to produce a lot of volume and a lot of growth.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave again. I had referenced that earlier in this call. We brought 6 aircrafts out of the desert this quarter, and more in the first and second quarter of this year, and then, of course, we added more capacity. So I would expect it to be you know, probably incrementally a little bit more in FY ‘11 than FY ‘10.
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave Bronczek again. Our business in domestic China obviously and our numbers is doing very well. Our intra-Asia because of China obviously is doing well and our growth rates out of China that Alan referenced from Asia is the highest we’ve seen in years. So I mean, it’s always, you know, it’s not the United States, but that being said we’ve been in China for over 20 years, and we have a great leader over there. Eddy Chan is our president in China and so no, I think for FedEx Express, we are well positioned in China. We have been doing business there for a couple of decades now. So the opportunities and the upside for us is very strong.
Dave Bronczek: I think it also shows the value of the bundle and the customer what they view as Freight offering in the marketplace. You know, I think these volumes come on because of the expectations of what we can deliver for them and again we – the sales force has done a great job from a bundled perspective and between the Express, the Ground, and the Freight sales, it really positioned us well for the future as Mike said as we work our yield strategy.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek, yes, we actually are going to see improvements in our margins in FY ‘11. Obviously, if we didn’t have some of those headwinds, they’d be very significant. I think Alan correctly pointed out FY ‘12 once we get past few of these headwinds, will be very impressive.
Bill Logue: Hi, Don it is Bill Logue. We are working aggressively towards that plan. We have a solid yield plan. We do a great job on the productivity side of the business, but our objective is as I said the three clear goals, number one, we need to be the most profitable carrier in the business, and we are working on that. And again as FY ‘11 moves on that is our number one objective.
Bill Logue: Hi, Matthew. Q3 to Q4 obviously saw some good sequential improvements. The yield front, as Mike talked about, as the quarter went on we saw good improvements, and the productivity improvement was outstanding within the organization. So, we are seeing some good mixes there. I won't quote profitability by month, but just good sequential improvement Q4 over Q3. And if you look at Q4 year-over-year, the variable comp adjustment was pretty close to last year. So I think it was a good performance positioning us well for where we going to have [ph].
Bill Logue: I would say overall, starting in June, I think again we look at it from a quarter perspective. Our objective is continued sequential improvement through a quarter, and have a Q1 stronger than Q4 overall.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, and we're beginning to see the results of our efforts as we benefited from improvements in base rates and weight per package in our parcel businesses both Express and Ground as compared to last quarter and last year. So, as I mentioned on the last call we are being very aggressive in terms of our year-end improvement efforts. We're making sure we get acceptable rate increases and taking a much tougher negotiating stance on contract renewals. We have established new pricing guidelines for new business, and we are ensuring that customers are meeting their volume commitments in order to retain existing rates. So the results that we're seeing in terms of improvements in base rates and weight per package are a direct result of those efforts, and we remain committed to that path.
Mike Glenn: John, this is Mike Glenn again. And we are starting to see the results of our LTL yield improvement efforts, however, during the quarter the most challenging issue that we faced was higher than expected growth rate from our more heavily discounted customers, which tempered [ph] that progress on yield improvement during the quarter. We are executing many of the same tactics in the freight sector that we are in the LTL sector. Having said that, we are being even more aggressive by reviewing accounts with less than acceptable margins, or that are grabbing a disproportionate share of expense and making rate adjustments as required. In some cases, this is going to require us to put traffic at risk, we are prepared to do to meet our goals.
Mike Glenn: And this is Mike Glenn. I want to make two points here. One as Fred mentioned, we are clearly benefiting from inventory restocking, many of the customers that we are talking to are quite frankly behind the power curve in terms of meeting demands that they have, and we are benefiting from that inventory restocking. And expect that to continue at least in the near term. Secondarily, it is important to understand that we are taking market share. We have value proposition, especially as we deploy these 777 aircrafts that is really resonating with our customers. It is allowing us to enjoy growth rates as a result of the value that we are providing in the international network. So those two factors are important to consider.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, I just want to add a comment that I think is important for you to understand. One of the key advantages that we have in our ability to not only deliver solid growth rates, but yield improvement at the same time is the ability to balance our ground and home services with SmartPost. Customers that are benefiting from e-commerce and e-tailing in general tend to be growing at higher rates. At the same time, many of those companies produce packages that result in lower yields for us. While we’re prepared to handle that traffic, we’re going to ship that traffic where appropriate into the SmartPost network and allow us to balance our growth in the respective networks, and ensure that we get an appropriate yield per package for each one of those transactions. So we really have a good portfolio of services that is ideal to take advantage of the market trends and the growth out there yet at the same time deliver yield improvements. So we feel very good about it as Dave said.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, and I guess in addition to what Dave said we have broadened our portfolio of international services to include deferred services both in the parcel and the freight side, which has actually expanded the market where we are now competing and that’s not including the expansions we’ve made at FedEx trade networks. So we’re competing in a broader market today than we were just a few years ago and that provides new growth opportunities for us.
Mike Glenn: I remember making this presentation probably about 7 or 8 years ago when I said in front of our annual analyst meeting and told everyone that the domestic express market in a vacuum was a maturing market, and that’s the three primary reasons. One is electronic transmission of documents, two is the substantial improvements in the ground services which have been led by FedEx, and three is the globalization of the economy, and I think it’s important to look at our express network going forward as a global network. Things that were produced many years ago and moved into the US in bulk, then put into a warehouse and then picked, packed and shipped using our domestic system are now manufactured outside the US and moved directly to the point of consumption through our international network, and that’s being driven to a large extent by technological improvements and new technology products such as the iPhone 4 launch, which we will be participating in going forward. So, I think it’s important to understand those three primary factors, which we’ve been talking about for years. So this is not a surprise to us. This is one of the reasons why we’re so focused on our yield improvement strategy and at the same time we’re so critically focused on expansions in our global network, because it is a global network and that’s why you need to look at it.
Mike Glenn: Yes, this is Mike Glenn. We took a hard look at the situation pre-peak. In hindsight, it would have been more prudent to pull the throttle back a bit at that time. To be honest, we did not have the clear visibility in the pipeline that we do on the parcel side of the business in the Freight sector, and we allowed the sales effort to continue through peak season, and then quite frankly we were hit with extremely high volume growth rates, which we did not anticipate post peak season. So, you know, obviously being an armchair quarterback, we would have pulled the throttle back a bit pre-peak. We did not do that, and as a result we have higher traffic levels in our network, and having said that when executing yield improvement program, I much rather have the traffic levels in our network, which provides more flexibility to be more aggressive on rates than if you were dealing in the reverse situation where we were looking for traffic growth while trying to execute the yield improvement program. So, you know, it’s easy to be an armchair quarterback. I think what we’ve learned is that we’ve got to do a better job in terms of having visibility into the pipeline, and we are addressing that and working very hard on that, working very closely from a sales perspective with our operating team and team members at Freight, and I’m confident we’re going to execute and deliver upon these yield improvement plans.
Dave Rebholz: Yes, Gary, Dave. No, the – some of the key advantages we had obviously were our volume growth, and it materialized in great productivity. The second thing is we had a pickup in the growth of our commercial business, which drives productivity, more pieces pushed up [ph]. We had some improved safety performance that allowed us to reverse or lower some of our accrual. So in the aggregate, we're just performing on all eight cylinders and not missing a beat. So with that in mind, absent any one time events, my perspective is that we will continue to perform at these levels. Remembering fourth-quarter is our best quarter, but we are going to – Alan said it is 13%. We see no degradation in that margin performance over the year ahead.
Dave Rebholz: Yes, absolutely. They are dialed in now, but we continue with our safety – it is really de minimis in the grand scheme of things, volume is the key driver. And the outliers are quite frankly fuel and any one time issues that we may run into as an organization. But I see sustained growth at this level.
Dave Rebholz: Well, this is Dave Rebholz Jon. We’re very optimistic. Right now we’re sitting with 23%, 25%, 22% market share. So the market opportunity out there is great. In fact, an economic turnaround from our base would absolutely accelerate our growth rate in a dramatic way. In other words, existing customers that have also seen downturns in their sales. When you couple that with the fact that we’ve got unique products at home with unique feature sets, and that we have SmartPost as an alternative going back to Alan’s comment about how dramatically they grew, and the way we’re changing their feature set such that we’re giving access to all products, especially SmartPost to smaller customers. We see all sorts of offsets to the economic circumstances, to the pricing environment and getting the right customer in the right network, and growing our business dramatically over the next several years. We’re very bullish on our outlook and that is the reason why we continue to invest $400 million, $500 million a year in our capacity, and I might want to add to that that one of the things that I’ve repeatedly said here is that we continue to improve the value of the product itself. Alan made mention of it. We improved 7000 lanes last year. We’ve got north of a 20% competitive advantage on speed to destination, and we are very proud of that. Those are investments that are paying off as customers realize both the quality and the timeliness of our service, and a very competitive pricing position has great value. So we’re happy as all get out right now.
Alan Graf: Well, it is the first time we have given annual guidance in a while Justin, and so, we are a little bit more confident. I think I caveated it quite a bit about totally dependent on a moderate economic growth on a global basis, and fairly stable and fuel prices at a level they are at, which are two obviously things that are out of our control, but our IP growth is continuing exceedingly strong here in June. And it looks like it is going to continue that way for the foreseeable future. Ground traffic is very positive. We will get freight back on track, and if you are looking a little bit further down the road than a year, some of the cost headwinds I was talking about in FY ‘11, don't repeat in FY ‘12. I can't imagine that interest rates are going to anything but go up from this point, which is a big impact on our expense and we could actually see a lower pension expense in ’12 than ’11, rather than a giant increase. So we have a lot of confidence. We feel a lot better about our business, but you are absolutely right. There are so many things going on that I can have a different tune in September, but as where we are today that is our current look.
Alan Graf: Well, you know, that $3 billion and $1.5 billion was a non-GAAP analytic snapshot at that time, and then after that we go on and we manage our business. So, obviously a lot of those cost savings fell to the bottom line. We absolutely crushed our business plan last year, and funded a significant amount of annual incentive compensation that we didn't think we were going to fund. We are also being very aggressive in international now. So we're spending some of that permanent savings in a different bucket. So the savings is still there. We're just reinvesting it very heavily. Obviously, the earnings are better than they otherwise would have been. So, I'm very comfortable that we have significantly reduced our cost structure by the amount that we said that we are adding in other areas as we are growing and becoming more aggressive. I think the range that we have given you is pretty thrilling from an EPS growth rate. I don't see any other companies out there saying that they are going to be able to do that. So, I think that has been one of the keys. The other key will be our yield management as we go through FY ‘11.
Alan Graf: Matthew, this is Alan. Let me just add that you saw the growth numbers and you heard me talk about the increasing in shipment count. And unlike the package business, where you are everywhere, every day, freight business is much more unique in its pickup and delivery capabilities. And so we outgrew our capabilities, and we had to incur a significant, and still are incurring a significant amount of purchase transportation. That will take us some time to work down. Once we get it back into our networks then our productivity will start to significantly reduce those costs at the same time as we are improving yield. So I can't give you the exact timing, but we have got the formula.
Alan Graf: Well, hopefully not for a while. I think we’ve got a lot of runway ahead of us so to speak in International Priority and Ground, and so we’re going to continue to be very aggressive with our investments in that regard, and as we improve the margins at express, which we will and we are in a good upward slope to continue to do that. And if you just take a look at the range I gave you, you got to know we have to improve Express’ margins in FY ‘11 to hit those kind of numbers. That will also generate a significant amount of cash flow as well. So, I think we rather right now continue to reinvest in the business, because we think the opportunities are so positive for the foreseeable future, and increase the dividend or something other than the nominal dividend we have or do a stock buyback, and that’s where we are right now.
Alan Graf: Now remember, we took a lot of assets out of service, and so that stopped the depreciation on them, and we wrote them off in last year’s fourth quarter, and we haven’t been as capital-intensive as we had been in the past over the last couple of years and that slowed it down too, but you know, at the end of day I don’t really look at that number very much Jeff. I don’t think really it is a driver. What I’m trying to look at is what kind of returns we are going to get on these 777s in the long run and let the depreciation, you know, be what it is, and make sure we got the proper cash flows to cover it.
Alan Graf: Yes, it’s the latter. It’s – the purchase transportation has gone up with the tremendous amount of volume improvement in international Freight and IP.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me give you one fact here that will put what Mike and Dave said in the perspective. When the volcano erupted in Iceland and shut the European airspace down, we continued to get traffic which we had to move by road and accumulate and move to areas, where we could uplift it. But even with those efforts, we still developed a significant backlog because so many airports were shut down. In the week following the opening of European airspace, we flew some 70 some odd incremental wide-bodied flights and cleared every bit of that backlog. There is not another organization in the world that could have done that. So the scale of our international network related to the demand to move goods by air has reached a very important point. And the second thing I would say, which I think sometimes gets missed in these quarter to quarter calls, the largest economy in the world is the economy of global trade, and the fastest growing part of that economy is the movement of high-tech and high-value added items. And those things are increasingly moving by door-to-door express that is required by this fast cycle where we live in, where everybody can go on the Internet and sell and source any product to any other person on the planet that also has an Internet connection, and we sit right in the middle of that. So if you look at these numbers that Dave Bronczek was talking about, that is very encouraging. And in my mind that very large trend of the emergence of these middle classes in India and China and Brazil that are now integrated into this trading nation of global trade is something that is pretty profound, and people have an undue sense of pessimism relative to what is actually happening out there in my opinion.
Fred Smith: Well, we have, for instance, as Dave mentioned in China a very fast-growing intra-China business, which is both air and ground. We have the same thing in Canada. We have a lot of demand from our customers around the world to broaden the product line, and so I think you will see us looking at that. Having said that the growth in our IP and international economy services that Mike Glenn just mentioned are so strong that we don’t have to do anything in the near or intermediate term, so we will look at it on an opportunistic in a market-by-market basis, but there certainly are opportunities out there and there certainly are customers that would like to see us do that.
Fred Smith: Well, I am lobbying to get smoothing back on pension accounting for one, you know, obviously there are some things that are under our control and things that we can’t control, and the mark-to-market on pension for a company like FedEx, which has $13.5 billion of assets on the call for only $300 million a year penalizes us more than it does for people who have more current retirees than they do active in just the way it is and the way the discount rates work with our long tail liabilities. So that’s one – we are subject to the market and that more importantly we’re subject to our bottom model in our discount rate, which I think – this is the lowest rate I think we will ever see, and again that was a big factor and why our range maybe a little bit lower for FY ‘11 and where First Call is because we had a much bigger pension hit, than I think most people were anticipating. As far as everything else I think we’ve proven that we can manage defensively and offensively very well. I mean, we had a great FY ‘10 all things considered. We have reinstated certain of the employee benefit programs. We are having merits, we have brought back half of 401 (k) match. You heard about the pension expense, healthcare. I think everybody has got the same problem with healthcare, and we’re just going to see where that goes, and we’re going to continue to manage that aggressively, but fairly getting the right balance. So a lot of productivity things underway at every operating company. We’ll continue to hammer away at our cost structure in that regard, but we aren’t going to sacrifice our service. In fact we are investing in service. Dave is speeding up – Rebholz – a lot of lanes this month by a day. Our international reach is expanding and we will get freight back on track.
Fred Smith: Well, you know, again you take a snapshot on June 15th, and where we are today. I don’t see anything big, but you know, I’m never going to say never particularly as we see what phasing is going forward.
Fred Smith: I think we’ve got a pretty strong balance performance here. We’ve got industry-leading growth rates on the Ground side. We are very pleased with our performance on the Express side, but having said that as I mentioned on our last earnings call that if we had to walk away from some traffic to accomplish our yield improvement goals that we were prepared to do that, and I can’t tell you how proud I am of our sales team in terms of how they’re executing this strategy. They understand the importance of it. They’re working very hard to deliver upon our goals and they’re doing a fabulous job. So I think we’ve got to write about in the center of the fairway right now, and we’re going to continue to execute accordingly.
Fred Smith: I’ll start and then I’ll let Mike go. The net 1% or 2% volume growth is 10% revenue growth is our yield management program is doing so well. That coupled with bundling Ground and Express is right about where we want to be if we can have 10% revenue growth quarter-after-quarter out of domestic express, we’re very pleased with that. Mike.
Fred Smith: Dave if you look at it, obviously the number is different than we are. I don’t know how you get those kinds of forecasts in the improvements in EPS without improved margins in Express. So with all due respect, we don’t agree with what you just said.
