David J. Bronczek: I’m afraid to answer it any more but this is Dave Bronczek, I’d just add that Fred outlined it very well. Most of you have been to Memphis. In our Memphis hub, there's a whole freight area that you’ve seen. It’s around the world; the same Dubai, the same Hong Kong, the same Brazil and around the world. One of the big advantages of TNT, and Fred’s right that goes unnoticed, is their ability to handle very profitable freight and that's a part of their business that now we’re going to put into our global network of parcels and pallets and it’s been very successful for us. And it’s a nice part of the business that we added with TNT. It’s also part of what we actually viewed when we went to Australia just a month ago. Fred Smith and I went to visit our colleagues in Australia TNT and our FedEx Express folks in Australia. The combination down there could be very, very powerful for us. We’re looking at a way to make that whole marketplace much more successful, much more profitable and it gives us an opportunity now to leverage one with the other that we didn't have in the past. So to Fred’s point, it's a great part of TNT's new business which is now part of the FedEx business.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave again. The jewel in the crown always at TNT was the very best ground road network in all of Europe. It’s great service. They have great people, great cost structure. So with that now in our portfolio around the world, customers have always asked us for a solution for e-commerce to move across the world and mainly into Europe. Now we'll have that opportunity to do that very successfully. Thank you. 
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave. Just to follow up on that. I’ve been in Europe a lot of times now and meeting with the whole team over there now, the TNT people that have joined FedEx and I got to say and Fred said it now, the people are fantastic. Service is second to none on the ground. They’re the best in Europe coupled with the best air express system in Europe. We have this opportunity to make this not only what Alan said a homerun, this is a grand slam. It has gone exceptionally well because their people and our people have matched culturally and at the end of the day that’s the main thing.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave. There’s no affect for us at the moment whatsoever on your last question, Ravi, on Hanjin.
Frederick W. Smith: The second question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Could you please compare and contrast major components, FedEx’s e-commerce opportunities in the U.S. and Europe now that TNT is a part of your portfolio? And what are some strategic initiatives you expect to implement to capitalize on growing European e-commerce? Mike Glenn won't you take that and then Dave can jump in.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. Back to the Internet questions that were submitted in advance; Bascome Majors of Susquehanna, how has FedEx been impacted by the significant growth in oversized, overweight residential e-commerce shipments that blur the lines between partial and LTL? Do you see a significant opportunity to grow residential deliveries in your LTL business? So how do you avoid margin pressure from this B2B to B2C mix shift freight? So Mike Glenn, Henry Maier, and Mike Ducker, take it away.
Frederick W. Smith: Here’s a question from Helane Becker of Cowen. A lot of companies are starting to experiment with UAVs, FedEx experimenting as well. If so, how is that going and what do you think the timing would be of using UAVs both in the air and on the ground? Also, is it realistic to believe there could be unmanned trucks? Is FedEx going down this route (lol, pun intended)? So Helane, obviously we at FedEx are very mindful of these trends. We have a number of activities underway in robotics in particular in the packaged handling sector. Henry and FedEx Ground are real leaders in this regard. In terms of UAVs in particular, we have five separate, I think it would be not fair to call all of them projects but work streams or projects in both aviation and automated vehicles. The difference with us and a lot of other people we’ll just prefer to keep working those issues and tell you about them when they make a meaningful difference in the company. I will say this much. I think our philosophy and we know a lot about these technologies. After all, our auto pilots in our 777 airplanes are among the most sophisticated robots in the world. They can take off, land the plane and taxi to the gate and turn themselves off if that’s what we chose to do so. But it’s very difficult in the foreseeable future to substitute for the well trained pilot or driver or person. And we look at the use of automation more as an opportunity to improve the productivity of those types of experts within our system to make their job more comfortable and easy and above all to increase safety. So those five work streams are underway. You’ll hear a lot about them I’m confident in the next few years. But important in our philosophy maybe slightly different than a lot of other people that think that right over the horizon, everything is going to be an automated vehicle or some sort of UAV. We think that is unlikely and that this technology like most technologies particularly aviation technology will evolve incrementally over time with a great emphasis on safety first. So that’s our UAV update. We’ll take two questions now.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. A couple more questions from the Internet. David Ross; why is the company buying back stock rather than paying down debt and deleveraging? I think I’ll just have Alan answer this.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. There are a couple of questions in here from Tom Wadewitz of UBS and Allison Landry essentially about improving density levels and the issue of SmartPost deliveries by FedEx Ground, FedEx SmartPost. So let me just make one comment here and then ask Henry to talk about it. I have said this over and over again for the last couple of years. There is a continuing misunderstanding of the issue of route density, revenue per stop and the profundity of those metrics on the e-commerce business. And there is no entity that can provide the type of route density and cost for lightweight residential delivery as the postal services both in this country and abroad. Postal service in this country, correct me if I’m wrong here, Henry, makes 156 million stops per day. So they are a mail company that puts parcels in with the mail stream usually in very small vehicles 200,000,150 cubic foot jeeps. They are out with an RFP for somewhat larger vehicles and so forth. So the real question about e-commerce is what’s the future of mail and what implications does that have on the price of the delivery of packages. Put a different way, it is mail that subsidizes the delivery of packages not packages subsidizing delivery of mail. And the Postmaster General talks about this in her calls and so forth and it has been a very, very good thing for the postal service that the big carriers like FedEx and UPS that had these enormous upstream systems can feed these lightweight residential packages into the postal business. They don’t have to have that investment, the hubs, the sortations and so forth. And similarly Amazon of course now has a very substantial direct injection on their own. But there is no comparable entity to the postal service in terms of density and even the most rapid projections of e-commerce growth will not be a fraction of the density that the postal service has today. So there are these continuing articles about this and more and more things are going to affect the density. My Goodness, they would have to be quantumly greater than is the case. And so that’s the real question about e-commerce is, what are price of those deliveries on a go-forward basis which are driven either by density in the case of the postal service or input costs. And so Henry jump in here. This is the issue and is very poorly understood and it – I called everything I can think of, mythology or whatever you might want to say but most of the commentary on this is not accurate.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. Here’s one from – Matthew Troy sent one from Wells Fargo Securities about the dimensional pricing and calculation. I think Mike has answered that as to what drove it and why we did it, to standardize it across the enterprise and basically the realities of the increased costs in handling it. William Flynn [ph] just sent one in. When you think about the acquisitions you made over the past 30 years, which ones do you view as transformational? Well, I guess if you stack rank them, the three that would be in top tier categories would be Flying Tigers, which put us into an unprecedented position in the growing Asian market. Certainly Caliber/RPS which is now FedEx Ground and TNT would be right up there and it’s going to be as Alan said a very, very significant earnings engine for us. And what’s a little bit different about Tigers and Caliber and RPS, those gave us presences in adjacent markets. Tigers in the intercontinental business, we were much smaller as FedEx and so we had to go out there and develop the business. Alan will remember this with keen detail like I do. We bought it at the optimally worst time. The Gulf War started and air cargo basically stopped, which was an interesting set of circumstances. But it put us in an unprecedented position. That’s why we’re the market leader in air cargo and air express. Caliber/RPS of course put in the ground segment, which we had not been in before and a lot of work – a lot of people, like Glenn in particular heading up some of these transitions we made. Of course, it’s a fabulous business now. And TNT, as Alan has told you there, we’re going to get the synergies just from putting the companies together and then we’re going to build additional profitability on top of that. So it’s going to be a great thing and I think Dave Bronczek and Alan have all said this, but let me just add to it, just wonderful people. We have just been so thrilled with the folks that we’ve gotten. Many, many of the TNT people are now in high executive positions in FedEx and I think it’s going to be a great thing. Next, we’ll take two more questions.
T. Michael Glenn: Thanks, Fred. Well, first of all, let me say that we believe there's significant opportunity for FedEx both in the U.S. from an e-commerce market perspective as well as in Europe and around the world. Our objective is to build out a robust portfolio of services in Europe and other countries just as we have in the U.S. to include a choice for e-commerce customers in terms of getting their packages delivered in a reliable and efficient manner. That's going to be a significant focus for us as we integrate TNT and we believe the additional density within the European network that TNT will bring to FedEx will allow us to compete on a much more aggressive basis as a result.
T. Michael Glenn: As I commented in my industry remarks, we have seen a significant increase in the demand for oversized and heavier residential packages. I referenced flat screen TVs, mattresses, and trampolines, and we expect that trend to continue. Having said that, we believe the bulk of that volume will be in the ground network. We’ve made several pricing adjustments to make sure that we’re compensated accordingly for handling that traffic, and we’ll continue to reevaluate those. I also referenced that we have put up dedicated sort facilities. Henry can comment on that more. But we would expect the bulk of that traffic to stay in the ground network for a variety of reasons. If it’s possible that we could see some bleed into the LTL network that would have happened, obviously we would make any necessary pricing adjustments to prevent margin decline.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I’m not going to comment on any competitors’ pricing actions but I’ll say that our decision was driven by a couple of issues. One is, we wanted to rationalize our dimensional weight policy for both domestic and international, which we have now done so both domestic express and international shipments will both carry a dim devisor of 139. In addition to that, obviously one of the key issues for us in managing the network is the density per package. And one of the challenges that we do see with the increase in e-commerce transactions is packaging that is not as efficient as it could be and there are a number of benefits to becoming more efficient and you can use smaller packages which is one, obviously it’s more sustainable from that perspective. And we encourage customers to take advantage of our state of the art packaging lab to make sure that they maximize the packaging that they have to avoid these charges. So that’s primarily the driver behind our decision and that was made in the defendant of any – what any competitor might consider. I can’t comment on that.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, let me say that customers still have had demand for our Ground service for the simple fact that it’s extremely reliable and we are faster than any other Ground network out there by a significant percentage. So our sales team continues to have great success selling our ground service. Let me say that from a volume growth and yield management perspective, we’re always looking for the right balance there to maximize the profitability. So we work very closely with Henry and his team to make sure that we’re making pricing decisions that they’re going to contribute to long-term profitability and that’s going on a weekly basis. So we got good collaboration there but we continue to see strong demand for Ground because of the value proposition that it provides.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I appreciate the question but with all pricing decisions we don’t forecast the economic impact and the profit impact of that or the percentage of volume that it’s going to impact. Obviously, as I noted before, we would love to see customers access our world-class packaging lab to continue to provide more efficient packing and we hope they do so. And so it’s hard to determine what percentage of packages it will affect because we hope behavior changes. But we don’t forecast the bottom line impact to these changes.
T. Michael Glenn: And I would just add that we’ve got a rational pricing environment, so we feel pretty good about where we’re situated.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I think what we have done today, Chris, as far as we’re going to go in this quarter, we are – on the synergy side, we are in the process of validating the strategic business case that we used when we made the acquisition, and we’ve got some work to go along there. I haven’t seen any surprises or disappointments at this point. I'm very upbeat about where we are in this process with the team that we put together and with the energy that I'm seeing over there. We might be able to give you some more by the time we get to Q3 or Q4 that you're looking for in a little bit more detail, but at present we’ve got that target out there and we’ll be updating you on how we’re progressing towards that as we move forward. But you have to give me a couple more quarters. I think on the expense side of what we're looking at and particularly in '18, and some of the timing of some of these integration moves that we’re making and some of the restructurings that we’ll be making, we don’t have those firm enough for me to tell you much about fiscal '18 just because of timing issues. But again, later on in the year, not in second quarter but maybe the third quarter call, we’ll be able to I think expand on what we told you today, which I thought was a lot of information that we gave you.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, as I said, you can see in the chart and in the appendix that we put out there, TNT’s earnings in the first quarter were fairly small, but we expect to see that improve as we go through the year, and it will be accretive on an as adjusted basis. But we’re not going to start giving different segment outlooks at this point for sure. But like I said, I’m very happy with what I’ve seen. I’m particularly enthused about the people that I’ve met across the organization and just how energized they are, how excited they are to be part of the team that can bring the investment needs and the brand to what they do every day, and we’re as confident as ever about the long-term return.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: There will be some base TNT in that number of 750 but you’ll be able to see when we report what they earn at the end of this year, how much of that is actually increase going to be in synergy. So when we get there, we can give you some more detail about that. As to our purchase price accounting, you’ll see in our 10-Q that there was about – the purchase price is $4.9 billion. There was about 3 billion of goodwill in that which we will not be amortizing and hopefully we will never amortize it as we will seek to make sure that we will earn plenty of money to justify the carrying cost of that goodwill. The intangible assets, the biggest one’s the customer relationship that we’re looking at right now. We’ve got that on the books for 685 million in a 15-year use for life. We’re going to work that very hard. We also have technology and trademarks. You’ll see that in the 10-Q as well. I reserve the right to change these amortization lives and amounts as we get further through this process. And as we do that, we’ll keep you fully informed.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Thanks for the question over the Internet, David. As you know, we have very strong cash flows inside FedEx Corporation. I think you heard me today talk about how we are excited about the future and continuing to grow those. And the fact of the matter is we believe our stock’s undervalued. But we’re also investing in the company’s future at the same time. I think we get criticized a lot about our capital expenditures but they all carry very solid long-term return on invested capital or we wouldn’t be doing them. And then lastly, although we got a lot of debt, I should tell you that the average coupon on that’s 3.6%. So every project that we’re doing is going to be earning way more than that on an annual basis. So our credit metrics are good. We’ve committed to improving our credit metrics but we’ll continue to buy back stock, raise dividends and invest in our businesses going forward because we can and we’re going to manage it accordingly.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I’m not going to go there on number two. That would be again trying to break us down by segments in EPS delivery. As to number one, we bought TNT for a reason. We didn’t own them last fiscal year except for a couple of days. So when we get out to 2020 what I’m saying is we’ll be 750 million of synergies better off than we would have been without them. So you’ll be able to very easily measure that and follow that along. And as I said, we’ll talk about this more after we’ve completed our validation of our strategic business case and met with our Board of Directors about where we stand on that, which is going to take us a little bit of time to get to, as we are also right in the middle of the throes of actually integrating as I mentioned to you in my opening remarks. So just have a little patience but the whole point was to tell you, this thing is a homerun, it’s going to be a homerun and we’re going to have that done by four years from now and we will continue to update you along the way. It’s going to be a great ride.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: This is Alan. I’m going to give you a little bit color on where Henry is right at the moment. We have invested and our investing significantly this fiscal year in Ground to get to the next level where we need to get. And it’s a big capital step I would tell you. So it’s $2 billion of this year, maybe the same even next year. And that of course has a cumulative effect. When you turn on these new facilities they’re not full day one. You got to work them through the systems and they have a little bit of a drag. That drag is fine to me because I know what the long-term results are going to be. I know the growth that everyone is going to have. Originally, we did get a little surprised by how quickly these non-conveyables and oversized things grew. We’re going to lean right into that. We’re going to be the best in the business in getting those delivered. We’re going to get them priced right. They got to be handled a little bit differently. So that also has a start-up cost associated with it. So I gave you guidance for the full company for the year and Henry’s comparisons are going to be a little bit more difficult because of all those investments that we’re making. But the state of the business is as good as it’s always been and I can’t wait until we turn the corner from this period of heavy capital investment.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I’ve been really pleased with how well our spending has followed what we had designed in integration plan. We knew that IT was going to be a big one and that’s the long pole in the tent, but we’ve got really good people working on this. And you’ve heard we’re already starting to integrate, that’s a little bit ahead of what I thought we would be able to do. So when I say 700, 800, that’s kind of what we thought about all along. And as I said there will be some restructuring charges along the way. We bought Flying Tigers and we bought Ground, there wasn’t ‘the integrations’ so much to say as there is in this one. So this is going to be a little bit different for us but we’re well ahead of the game, so I’m very comfortable with how that’s going and stay tuned and bear with us and we’ll keep you updated and apprised. But it’s going to be a homerun.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Back to the second one, Ken, on tax, you tell me. Are we going to get tax reform or not? The United States is shooting itself in the foot by continuing to not do territorial and have the highest tax rate in the world. What I’m saying is based on today’s laws, we’re going to earn a whole lot more in lower tax places than we do today and over time that’s going to drive our rate now. We also are in the process of restructuring our tax structure and I think we’re going to be much more efficient in terms of paying taxes where we actually earn the money than we’ve been able to do as a U.S. certificated air carrier over the years. So both of those should work in our favor and neither one of those benefits are in the 750. 750 is above the line.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: The only thing that’s not cash, Ravi, are the amortization of the intangible assets. Everything else is cash and I’ve given you all those numbers in my presentation and they’ll be restated in the 10-Q. And I’ve only given 17 at this point. The total 700 million to 800 million is integration costs by itself and does not include any intangible assets, so that might help you a bit. I’ll let somebody else handle Hanjin.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: This is Alan. We actually do internally but we don’t externally. And so let me just say, it’s a good thing.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, as you’ve seen in our numbers it’s actually very good for us right now. The international priority box is up 3%, the international economy is up as well. So in many of the segments that we are really leading the world, the volume is there and it’s growing. On top of that, the yields are increasing. So I would say and Mike might want to add to this, on the international front we’re right in the mainstream of where the main business is growing. It’s very good for us.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, it’s from my All-Star Dave Bronczek and his team. They’re knocking it out of the park and you see what they’re margin in the first quarter is. He’s been having a heck of a year and so that was the reason for it.
Henry J. Maier: This is Henry Maier. The increase in large packages is clearly being driven by e-commerce. It also goes without saying that these packages create some operational challenges for us. For instance, they don’t always fit on our standard sortation equipment and they take up more space in line haul and delivery vehicles in addition to being more difficult to handle. We recognize customers have few options here, so we’ve realized that they look to FedEx for solutions. And in that end, as Mike mentioned, as part of our network expansion strategy we are now operating temporary non-conveyable annexes. This should repeat. We will run six of them which are essentially separate buildings designed to handle just these type packages which don’t fit on our standard sortation equipment. We’ve strategically located these facilities in parts of the country where our experience and history has shown that shippers reside and ship these type packages and continue to investigate how we handle these in the future. We’re encouraged because there is some pretty interesting new technologies with respect to material handling equipment coming out that will be targeted directly at this type of packaged characteristics. As time goes on I think we’ll employ more of that in our operations.
Henry J. Maier: I would just add to that, Fred. Thanks. Even with 156 million unique addresses that present an opportunity for a delivery every day, that base is growing by 900,000 addresses a year. So this is a moving target. And I would tell you even with the tremendous growth all of us who participate in e-commerce are seeing are really only delivered to a small percentage of those addresses every single day. We just happen to have very complex, state of the art software tools that allow us to take a slug of packages I guess for lack of a better word with what we’re presented with every day by our customers and optimize those packages for the most efficient delivery. Now what’s been going on at FedEx Ground is really an understanding of this phenomenon and what e-commerce is doing with respect to changing our business, our Holy Grail here is just to improve delivery density and revenue per stop and the only way you can do that in our network is with the network integration we’ve been going through for the last several years, which includes the integration of ground and home delivery and now, since last September we announced we’re integrating SmartPost in that as well. Over the top of this is the technology needed to manage the most optimal route of distribution of those packages every single day. Having a single contractor network which we announced in January we’re moving to a single contract and we expect to be essentially 90% done with all of this by 2020. You layover our ability beginning earlier this year to be able to statically match packages that are destined to the same residential delivery address every single day. And next summer the ability to do that virtually plus some additional engineering around deliveries on certain streets and neighborhoods when there’s another residential package involved. And what we end up with here is a much more efficient, much more flexible network that much lower costs, much better capital asset utilization going forward with the growth of e-commerce than the one we have today.
Henry J. Maier: Well, we bought GENCO because of their expertise in fulfillment, traditional 3PL services and returns. That expertise allows us to compete for business that we wouldn’t have been allowed to compete for before. And on top of that we get to secure the transportation business. I would say strategically right now we continue to look and explore products that enhance e-commerce fulfillment and add to the returns portfolio they currently have. And I would also add here that we expect the integration of GENCO to be essentially complete by the end of FY '17.
