Chris Kubasik: Okay Sheila, thank you very much. Let me start with International. You're right we did have a good quarter with double-digit growth. We had book-to-bill of 1.3. As I mentioned, the aircraft ISR, the Tactical Radios and Maritime were the key drivers. Looking at our pipeline, we have about $35 billion of opportunities over the next three years, so really impressed with the team's work as we position ourselves for future growth. You know it all started with the strategy that we laid out, it's really a two-part strategy, one focusing on the mission systems and the larger programs such as the ISR platforms we have talked about working in tandem with our sales force, which is out there with the products. So, when you look at the Radios, the Night Vision Goggles, the WESCAM, EO/IR turrets, it's a nice complement. So, I think the diversity of our portfolio and the geography with customers in over a 100 countries really positions us well for continued growth. Shifting to the Space question, the Space business is part of SAS. You know I kind of look at it in four buckets. On the low end we have some products, some telemetry and antennas. We do some groundwork, which I think is important to better understand the mission and to support some of these classified constellations. They tend to be mid-single-digit growth, but it's all about the SATs. Historically, we've been on the exquisite satellites as a supplier or a subcontractor. GPS III and classifieds SATs come to mind, but the responsive satellites is really where we've moved the needle last year or so and we're optimistic in the future. So, that's the fastest growing part of the portfolio, double-digits growth for the year. We've talked about the ZEUS program. We talked about SDA Tracking, HBTSS and a fair amount of classified bids that we are working on today. So, hope that gives you a little bit of granularity and insight as to how we are growing Space.
Chris Kubasik: Sure Rob. There's nothing unusual that was in the results, but a little bit of R&D timing and so we'll see a little bit of pressure there. But the more significant kind of factor that will normalize the margins towards the balance of the year, will really be related to the newer programs. As you know we've got Army HMS programs in the back half of the year. We also have programs like the Next Gen Jammer in the Broadband business and so those will likely put some pressure on the back half of the year on the margins. I'll just, you know, the broader comment I would say is, it's a great start, maybe this is an indication of how to look, think about things perhaps in the future, but we will see a little bit of a normalization here in the subsequent three quarters.
Chris Kubasik: Okay, thank you for that question, a great, great question and it ties into the strategy that we've talked about. You mentioned NOMARS, which is an interesting opportunity, that's the No Manning Required Ship, a recent DARPA win, which I think is pretty interesting relative to what the Navy is trying to accomplish. Because as you know historically, we've taken manned ships and tried to convert them into unmanned, and this is an early stage design program, where we would be, we are one of three winners if you will. And it's really starting with a clean sheet of paper. How would you design a ship knowing it was going to be unmanned from the beginning? So, on that one it'll be interesting to see how that progresses. The follow-on will be 2022, which will probably be a prototype. And in that case we team with -- we have a variety of teammates and we would probably team with shipbuilders, so we are not going to be investing in a shipyard in that case. I think generally we are pleased with the footprints and the size of our facilities. We talked about space and some of the growth and we took some existing facilities and modified them and re-laid out the footprint to optimize the flow with new tooling and such. So, we spend a $1 billion a year between CapEx and IRAD. CapEx is about 2% of our revenue. I think that will drift down over time. IRAD is industry leading and it is almost 4%. So, the $1 billion I think positions us well. I do not see any increase in overhead or significant CapEx to meet our strategy. And again most of what we're working on are the systems versus the actual platforms, so does not take up as much factory space, if you will.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks Carter. No we do not -- the first question we do not have exposure in ISR in Afghanistan. Total exposure there is in the $10 million range of revenue and a fair amount of that is just ground systems, so not significant. Great question on the pipeline and the capture rates, and I think you're right, I think we've surprised people with some of the wins that we've had, but it really aligns with what we're hearing from our customers and they're change in acquisition process. They really are looking for disruptive and innovative and agile and affordable solutions and that's what we've been providing. We do track our win rates at the company level and you don't necessarily, if they're too high, it suggests that we haven't opened the aperture and been as aggressive as we would like. So, we track those on a segment and an overall basis and 125 billion over three years, if we were successful in at least 50% that easily tracks to a mid-single digit growth targets, and then on top of that we have the revenue synergies that we've talked about. So, we're comfortable with what we've done. We have professionalized the business development function I believe, and we're starting to see the results from that.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks Ron. I think there's been some opportunities in commercial space where some of our payloads, I think we could provide to the primes. As far as us investing in our own constellations or expanding capital is not currently in our strategic plan. Of course, you know we have exposure or capabilities that support the launch vehicles which launch both military and commercial satellites, so we have some opportunities there as well. But as far as being a prime in the commercial space market at this time does not align with our strategic plan.
Chris Kubasik: Okay Seth, let me first start with some of the accomplishments we've had in Tactical Radios and then I'll hand over the ball to Jay to give you the specific numbers. I mean, we are off to a very good start in 2021 as you saw in the press release. You know on the DoD side, couple of highlights here. The Army HMS Manpack recently completed the IoT in the last year was in the process of going through the DOT&E, Test and Evaluation recently. And the good news is, we just received an RFP for the full rate production. So I think that's a great sign that the modernization is moving forward. In a month or so, the Army should be issuing its HMS Leader Radio RFP, again for full rate production. So, I think that again is an additional positive sign. The Marines recently released an RFP for their Hand Held Radio and the SOCOM business has been growing. We've been meeting milestones. And in my prepared comments I've mentioned an order there for the Multichannel Manpack. So, just gives you some flavors to how the business is doing on the DoD side. Internationally, we have good visibility in Saudi. Last year we booked $174 million order for the Ministry and National Guard, so we'll have that revenue run out through this year and we're working closely with the land forces on the Software Defined [ph] Radio for about 5000 initially, so that's going through the Saudi process. Europe and UK we had good growth. UK the MORPHEUS program is going to replace the BOWMAN radio. So, we are hoping to hear something later this year. So, again I feel pretty confident in what we've done. And Australia, last year we talked about the Delphic Crypto Standard upgrade and new radios for Australia. There's follow-on opportunities there. And of course New Zealand is also a customer that we are working closely with. So, kind of operationally or business development wise I wanted to give you some insight to what's going on and Jay will provide you the numbers you requested.
Chris Kubasik: Absolutely Myles. I'll give you some background, maybe it's going to be longer answer than you'd like, but I think it's important to kind of calibrate everything, and then I'll ask Jay to maybe give you some of the financial implications. But you're right, I've personally been involved around F-35 for twenty some years as well as many of our senior execs. So, I think that that's an important point and we all absolutely are committed to this platform, which I think is one of the best aircraft in the world. So, L3Harris and legacy companies, we've been a supplier for over twenty years. We have a really good track record. A few months ago we delivered our 2 millionth part and we're like 99.9% on time delivery. So, a lot of the work historically has been with TR2, the Tech Refresh 2, weapons release displays, but your questions specific to TR3, Tech Refresh 3, which is a very complicated developmental program to meet some of the new challenges that our nation faces. So, you're right, we've realized some of the risks, two main drivers, we've realized risk that we had identified and thought could occur when we bid the program. And secondly, as it was referenced in the testimony, there have been numerous government directed changes. So, those are unfortunate, but not unexpected when you're in a developmental program. We are working on three main products, the AMS, the Advanced Memory System, the PCD, which is the Panoramic Cockpit Display and the ICP, which is the Integrated Core Processor. So, we've been stable for the last six months relative to our cost estimates and our schedule. The AMS and PCD hardware are starting qualification and ICP is just behind that. So, when you look at how important the TR3 is, it's a step change in capability. It's half the cost of the TR2 once it gets into production and it's been designed for easier affordability and sustainment. So, we're just about ready to kick off the production phase. I will say that our past financials and our current guidance reflect our performance. We don't anticipate any changes there. And then strategically, these capabilities that we're developing are going to put us in a position to leverage this technology on other products, platforms and future programs. So, we're excited about that, but maybe Jay can comment more specifically on the revenue and the margin implications.
Chris Kubasik: Doug, thank you. First of all, it's Chris. You're right, the integration and the cost synergies, I think, has been a great success. As I mentioned, we're a year ahead of schedule. And it really goes back to after we announced and before we closed, we had a dedicated team, the integration management office that really laid out in detail a plan to go ahead and capture these cost synergies. And that's something that Bill, Jay and I have been meeting and continue to meet every Monday to review the progress. And it takes time, especially something like IT, as we've been consolidating our ERP systems, investing in the infrastructure and going with new applications, relative to it. So that should wrap up by the end of this year and then we'll focus entirely on the e3 process. It's really becoming part of the culture, and we identify projects, we review them on a weekly basis. And these are just lots of singles and doubles, couple $100,000 here, $1 million there. And we go sector-by-sector, segment-by-segment. And world class organizations continually take out 2% to 3% of their costs each and every year over and above the increase in salaries and others. So we're having good momentum. We have good visibility. We came out strong this quarter, if you see it for the year. And my expectation is that we absorbed the headwinds, and we continue to go forward. So I don't know if anyone has anything further.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks, Peter. Now we apply e3 not only to the fixed price contracts, but the cost plus. When we talk about the portfolio that we've built, and how we're positioned in all these domains, a lot of these programs that start out is cost plus or developmental have a long life, sometimes decades, right. So they move into full rate production and then of course, fair amount have potential for international export. So we look at it as a portfolio and then the natural, healthy growing business, you are going to have the headwind mix from the development programs, which will take every day of the week, but the rest of the portfolio is continuing to mature through its cycle. And as I mentioned, F-35 is a good example. We're getting through the TR3, and then we'll be starting in our production. And that program should have a lot of legs as an example. EW is part of SAS, now we've had good success of light, as I mentioned with the F-16 as a specific example. We have legacy programs on the F-18. We don’t talk a whole lot about the cyber business, but that's growing. And again, there's a commercial model aspect to our cyber business that allows us to have licensing and other opportunities to grow margins. So that's pretty much how I look at it. And again, we continue to have confidence, even with the cost plus piece of the portfolio.
Chris Kubasik: Sure. So in SAS in particular, we expect in their case R&D to tick up in the back half of the year and so that's one. And then as well as just programs growth on some of these new wins is going to drive margins down just on the lower initial margins I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So for us those are just two factors, pick up in R&D and then a pick up in the lower margin new programs.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, Noah, all those items that didn't quite cross the goal line in December were in fact booked in Q1. So the guide represents those programs that have been booked, the results are in the quarter and for the year. So we're very optimistic. I mean, the ISR business, when you take this NATO customer, plus what we've done in Australia, and here in the U.S. with the C3D [ph] program, there's still lots of legs in aircraft ISR. So everything is contained in the latest guide. And as I mentioned, there's several billion dollars of opportunity over the next couple of years as we continue to execute on these programs.
Chris Kubasik: I'll just chime in George. Relative to PSPC, and I'm sure you've seeing the $1.9 billion COVID bill has about $360 billion for state and local municipalities. And the states have full discretion on how to spend that money. So I think that's going to give us more confidence in the PSPC recovery, most of which is with states and local municipalities. So I'm sure they're going to be trying to figure out between education, healthcare and public safety, how to spend that money. But I think just in the first quarter we tripled the number of proposals that we submitted. So I have confidence in the second half of the year we will start to see the recovery that Jay mentioned and I think we're all familiar with what's going on in Commercial Aviation, so again that's back end loaded as well.
Chris Kubasik: Yes Michael, well said. I think absolutely, that's going to be a contributor to our margins and coupled with volumes. So we talk a lot about the HPTSS SDA. We wonder down select, we're still in a competition, we're going to go ahead and focus on delivering those aircraft on time and getting them launched. And then, that's where the real opportunity kicks in, whether they keep two suppliers or go down to one. There's literally 10s if not more of satellites for decades to come. So the volume will also play into that and part of the e3 methodology and the focus on operational excellence is really taking Space and making it more of a factory type concept and mindset and we have those capabilities. We do it in other parts of the company, and we're sharing those best practices. So, each and every one of those will contribute. So, thank you for that final, final question, Michael. And let me just wrap it up. I think you've heard throughout the day here that we've had a solid start to the year with exceptional execution and healthy string of awards. Obviously, that wouldn't be possible without the dedication and hard work of our 48,000 employees. So clearly, I appreciate everything they're doing. I'm excited about the rest of the year, as we finally hopefully put the pandemic related impacts behind us. We enter the final stages of integration, and we make more progress as a unique non-traditional defense tech company. But before concluding, I also have to thank Bill for his leadership and contribution to the company and congratulate him on a great run. So Bill, I've enjoyed working alongside you the last two years. I'm proud of what we've created together here with L3Harris and more to go. So, thank you.
Jay Malave: And Richard, when you think about CapEx for the moment, we -- over this next this year as well as the next few years, we have investments in our IT systems as we're consolidating our platforms. We also have investments as we're moving facilities and consolidating facilities. So, as those trail off that will create capacity to invest in new programs over the next few years. So we don't really see significant new requirements from where we are at the levels today in CapEx.
Jay Malave: Sure, Seth. So, I will give you the numbers in the format we've historically provided. Orders were $424 million, sales 474, of the sales DoD was 297, International was 177, and our funded backlog was 958. Related to your question on Army modernization about third of the DoD is Army modernization and you know that will continue to grow particularly as we are going to full rate production on the Army HMS modernization in the back half of this year.
Jay Malave: Yes, just going forward maybe over the next few years, our ship set content today is a little bit over $2.5 million around 2.6, with the TR3 production with Lot 15, that will go to around $3 million per ship set. So, as and that again starting Lot 15, as the aircraft volumes start to flatten out we will see growth just through higher content. It's important to keep in mind that as this modernization program there probably will be other modernization programs that will be involved in and of course it will also be part of sustainment program. And so, we see this as continuing to drive growth. I think we'll update it as each year progresses. This year as Chris mentioned is a little bit softer from a growth perspective but we expect that to pick up next year.
Jay Malave: Okay. David, just to be clear on the 12.85 that does anticipate or include the $0.10 of expected dilution from the announced divestitures, so that's in the 12.85.As far as the announced divestitures' impact going forward on AS margins, it's about 100 basis points dilutive. So, the margins on these two businesses composite a little bit higher than the average going forward. That again changes I guess downstream, we'll see with organic improvements, but just baseline impact of the divestiture is about 100 basis points.
Jay Malave: I'll just say, it's, as you would expect and as you know, it's management attention, both the synergy program, and the e3 Operational Excellence Programs went parallel paths from day one of the merger. We've had separate reviews and go through all of those. And these reviews are monthly. So the management system, we expect to continue that we had started from day one of the merger. And we have monthly reviews with each of our segments as Chris mentioned, we go through the top 10, the top 15 programs and e3 Operational Excellence Program to make sure that they're on track. And so it's simple as management attention, focus, and continuing to drive the operational foundational basics of performing better each and every day.
Jay Malave: Yes, as far as specific initiatives, things that you've heard of in the past, whether it should cost value engineering, supply chain, shop productivity, just a specific example, in our ISR businesses, in terms of people, as you would expect, would be all over an aircraft tear down and build and rebuild. Simple things like changing the tooling, so that you get a benefit in ergonomics, as well as a hours reduction or minutes reduction in the rebuild of a particular aircraft. And so, we've been able to take tooling, in some cases, it's customer funded tooling. On top of it we're able to change our processes, improve them and take costs out at the same time. So it's not a we'll just slash costs, and hopefully it sticks. These are more systemic type reductions that we have an organization built around to drive continuous improvement in sustainable reductions.
Jay Malave: Now, that Dan is still early in the year and in my comments, I suggested this because it's high confidence to be at the higher end of the range, so we'll keep it updated and let you know if changes are warranted later in the year.
Jay Malave: Yes, so a little early to talk about our guidance for margins next year, but I will say that our goal each year is to continue to drive the margins up. You know, we've talked about a smaller ramp in expansion, but our goal always is that the e3 productivity Operational Excellence Program exceeds the headwinds from mix and that's what we will strive for each and every year. It's going to vary from year-to-year. So as we get into more specifics, as we put together our plan for next year, we'll be able to obviously give you more detail there. But the way you should think about it on average each year is continued drive up. It will slow from what we've seen in the last few years, but our expectation is to continue to grow.
Jay Malave: Sure. George. So for pension, you're right. It was largest at SAS, but there were benefits across the portfolio. IMS benefited about 30 basis points. CS was very small about 10 and AS about 20 basis points from pension. Overall for the company about 30 basis points and all in. As far as the commercial businesses, PSPC was down low 20's and the Commercial Aviation was down a little bit below 50% in the quarter. So combined you're talking in the 30's sequentially. Commercial Aviation was slightly down from the fourth quarter, and PSPC is the same, slightly down. Some of that though is seasonality. It's not, I don't think the compares that great on a sequential basis it is better I think year-over-year. Fourth quarter I think is seasonally higher in both businesses.
