William M. Brown: Sure, Jason. Thanks for the question. Yes, so we're very pleased with where the pipeline happens to be. It's pretty significant. Again, it's up about 8% year-over-year. Keep in mind that Space and Intel business is about two-thirds in the classified space, and those budgets are just becoming revealed as we see what's coming through the Omnibus. So, we know that there's been strong support for the program that we happen to be on. Opportunity will come to fruition over the next several years. Our win rate in that segment is very, very high. It's north of 70%. So, we feel good when we see the sort of size of the pipeline growing, with us entering new mission areas. And the high level of our successive win rates, we feel pretty confident those opportunity to materialize over the next several years. I really can't characterize exactly when that might happen, but we do know that those will happen over the next several years. They come in a bunch of different areas. There's a number of classified programs on the ground side, and we talked about winning a pretty significant ground adjacency very recently. There's been a lot of attention and a lot of focus on space superiority, significant investments in protecting our overhead architecture, and Harris is in the middle of that. We've also had some substantial wins in our ground sustainment program, we call SENSOR. That's coming through performing exceptionally well on the task orders. We bought Exelis as a program that was legacy Exelis, the delivery rate was something like around 30%. This past quarter, it was about 100%, so we feel very, very good about that. So, there's been lots of really good performance, and I think we're executing very, very well. And on the commercial side, we've seen a couple of the reflectors that had slipped out of the year going into fiscal 2018; but our commercial space, the reflector business, also looks pretty robust. We see at least 10 different opportunities over the next 24 months coming to fruition. Our win rate there is actually quite high as well. So, that's maybe a little bit more color, Jason.
William M. Brown: Sure. Well, thank you for that. In fact, we've seen – so far, year-to-date, we've seen working capital build, even though our revenue is down a little bit. We do expect in our fourth quarter fiscal 2017 for that to reverse, which would get us to our $800 million target for the year in free cash flow. And that's with about – in the high-40%s in terms of days of net working capital, so pretty good step-down from where we were at the end of Q3, but in line with, or maybe a little bit better than where we were ending in fiscal 2016. And we do see a little bit more opportunity with that so, it will be important for us to keep managing our working capital levels very, very aggressively as we return to growth over the next three years.
William M. Brown: Carter, I think you covered quite the gamut on that one. So, let me start with the first one. Yeah, we do expect to return to top line organic growth next year, and there's a number of contributors to earning per share next year. Certainly revenue's going to be one, we continue to drive hard on our OpEx agenda. We typically take out 2% to 3% net of cost every year, in terms of normal operational excellence and that will be a contributor – certainly the share repo that we're doing now will be a contributor going into next year. We don't see as much pension tailwind. We don't see as much synergy tailwind as we saw this year. So there's lots of puts and takes, but we do expect to grow earnings per share into fiscal 2018. Maybe I'll start, and maybe Rahul can jump in a little bit on the tactical side. We saw a very good momentum through the year in our legacy tactical business. Europe has been a very, very strong performer for us this year and it keeps getting incrementally better. A lot of it is in Eastern Europe. I mentioned a few countries that were important in the quarter. Poland, Romania, they remain important. Ukraine was in the earlier part of this year. So, we feel very good about that. The Central American and Latin American region also remains very, very strong for us. The offsetting areas remains Central Asia, where it's in a transition period. It's very low. It's a lot of headwind for us this year. Not seeing that that's going to (25:45) turn around into next year. The Middle East has been soft, but we're starting to see some glimpses as some orders flow through there, we saw some even in early April some movement and some good support on what it seems so far in the Omnibus. So, we're seeing good support for our international business, and I'm encouraged with the trends. We do expect for a company to end with a book-to-bill about one, as well as NCS (26:13) as well as within the tactical business. And an important part of that is Australia. As Australia comes through at the back end of the year, you will be well above one in the tactical business. We still think we get about one even with Australian doesn't book. So in Australia, the opportunity is just under $300 million. So, that $250 million to $300 million range is part of the $1 billion-plus multi-year opportunity in Australia. We're deep in contract negotiations with them. It's going to happen right at the back end of our fiscal year, so the end of June, and we're tracking towards that. You'll be given any big international opportunity. It could slip into July or August, but we're right on the edge of that. We're in deep negotiations. It's going to come to us. We know the size. The scope has been now well defined, so we feel very good about the progress now in Australia. So, I think I hit on the points.
William M. Brown: I think I would say once we see where the President is going over the next five years, what we've seen so far is a 2017 Omnibus that's apparently going to go to his desk at the end of this week and some indicators, some high-level indicators for the shape of a budget in 2018, which certainly shows the DoD with substantial growth, DHS with substantial growth. We think the Intel budget is going to comp a lot, at the offset of some other parts of the government. So, there's a lot of room between now and then and really understanding the 2018 budget, how it's shaped and then beyond that. But I would say, Pete, given everything that I've seen, in fact, anything was viewed (29:04) of the budget even under the sequester (29:05), we'll see the DoD budgets getting better. So we're at a great point. We've worked very, very hard as a team to streamline our portfolio into businesses where technology can differentiate where we have good strong positions in businesses that are aligned very clearly with where the DoD and our customers are moving with key mission needs. So we feel very good about where we happen to be. I mentioned this last time. I think the fact that the portfolio is more streamlined allows the management team to focus more on businesses where we know we can drive shareholder value. And I don't want to understate that. I think that's a very, very important part of this whole dynamic of shaping of our portfolio. So we all feel good. We feel good we're set up to grow in 2018 and beyond. We still have opportunity to do better on productivity. That's an everyday event, but I'm pleased with how we've executed on the portfolio of transformation. I'm pleased with how we've executed on Exelis integration, the investments we've made in R&D to position ourselves for growth at the time when the budgets are inflecting. So, I think all things are looking very positive for the company.
William M. Brown: It's going to follow the SOCOM Manpack program, which we are now in – we put in our final offer very, very recently. We expected award on that this summer. The HF program will come behind that. It's part of three different programs for SOCOM, handheld, the Manpack and the HF radio that it's been estimated that will be $900 million of opportunity. Obviously, we won the sole-source single – two-channel handheld. We're in the mix on the Manpack. And frankly, on the HF side, Pete, that's a position where we've launched some products recently with NSA certification. We have a very, very high share of the global market on HF, so we feel very good about our prospects on that radio as well. More to come as we get through the Manpack.
William M. Brown: Well, look, I mean in terms of just our focus right now is delivering against guidance here in 2017 and making sure that we're set up to deliver growth in top line and bottom line in cash next year and capture all of the opportunity that we think we can capture within the budget as they're being shaped. I really like where the portfolio happens to be. Going back five years, I think the step we took to invest more in IRAD, when most people are pulling back, if you just go back five years, we're up about $100 million a year incrementally in IRAD in this company and that is in all the different franchise programs that we're now set up to perform on. In fact, a lot of the wins we're seeing come from some of the investments we've made over the last three years to five years. So, I feel very good about where we happen to be. There is always more to do on the cost side, as I mentioned a minute ago. Our operational excellence agenda is maturing. We're sort of four years, five years into it with a decade-long journey. There's lots of more things that we can do including streamlining and simplifying a lot of our systems across the company. So there's a lot more that we can do. I think we're set up to continue to perform into the future.
William M. Brown: Yeah, sure. Let me start on the FAA side. So you're right. I mean the ADS-B system, we own about 640, 650 towers. It was built by the Exelis team. That build-out is complete. It's now in a sustainment mode and we do own the data rights on ADS-B. The equipage today, I think, is just over 2,000 aircraft right now, so it's not – and all the aircraft have to be fully equipped by early 2020, so we're still on the front end of the evolution of that business and that marketplace. I think where there's an opportunity going forward is now trying to use that broad array of towers to enable the UAS into – UAVs into the North American airspace system. That I think could be an important and distinctive technology for allowing UAVs into NASA (35:11). So I think there's some encouragement on that piece. On GPS III, as you know, Howard, we're under contract for space vehicles 1 through 10. 9 and 10 were awarded late last year. For long-lead materials we see some other opportunities for 9 and 10 coming up very shortly maybe this quarter. 11 through 32 is being competed. It's a two-phase process. There's three different bidders on that. We partnered up with Lockheed who is our – who will be providing the payload today on GPS III. So again, it's in two phases. There's a first phase, a production readiness with some small amount of money and then it goes to a more substantial competition. I think the award is some time out in the spring of 2019 and it's likely to be of those 20 space vehicles, 10 awards, maybe 10 auctioned. We are developing a fully digital payload for that, so it's not – we'll provide today to GPS III not fully digital, but we're investing in that, and we expect to be a player and supporter for Lockheed on 11 through 32.
William M. Brown: Look, the Australia program, first of all, is, we've been in some very detailed negotiations with them for some period of time. We're in the phase 3 of a multi-year phase. It's a broader systems offering. We have a number of people on our team. I mean, again, we're expecting an award on this and order booking towards the end of our fiscal year. It'll be again $250 million to $300 million. We'll see revenue flowing off on that program over the next, probably three years or so. And the margins are, I think, pretty strong. So I don't really want to say specifically where we happen to be. But they remain pretty strong in that program, and really any of the systems programs that we happen to have inside the company. So I don't see any sort of pressure on the CS segment going forward because of the Australia margins.
William M. Brown: We do see a couple of opportunities moving down the path in Iraq, Gautam. I mean, I'm not sure we'll give you specific to a country in the next couple of months. I mean, I think, just to step back a little bit, Iraq is still a very big opportunity in our large pipeline, and Rahul just went through about $2.4 billion. Iraq is on the order of about $0.5 billion, so it's a very big opportunity. Those – you know, they're starting to move through the pipeline. I was very encouraged to see, in the Omnibus, continued support for, they call it now, counter ISIL train and equip (40:24), but there's also an Iraq train and equip (40:26) fund that was set aside, with substantial amount of money that expires at the end of this fiscal year. So by September, it was something like $300 million. So, there remains good support by the U.S. Government for equipping in Iraq. So we still see that to be a big opportunity, and it's going to materialize over the next – probably couple of years, that's really the shape of our pipeline. I don't think I want to call it anytime in the next couple of months.
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to comment on 2018 as a whole, or even a specific sub-segment of the company. As we said before, we do expect that 2018 will be a growth year for the company, and I'll leave it at that. I think you could see the trends in what's happening in the DoD budgets and where we happen to be as a DoD tactical business. But I don't think we'll comment on a specific business until we get out and close on 2017 and shape the whole company.
William M. Brown: Yes, Seth, there's two – I use the word Manpack loosely, there's two Manpacks. One is one for SOCOM. And we have put in our final proposal the award we expected this summer, it will go into a developing phase and we see revenue coming off of that more likely in our fiscal 2019, not 2018. On the (42:23) Manpack, is now into customer testing and there's three vendors on that. We think our offering has performed and performing very, very well. The Army has recently told us that there will be now two steps. They expect that they're going to have an interim field-based risk reduction step in order to verify some of those deferred threshold requirements, and we expect an order of about 150 units more or less in our fourth quarter, same order for (42:57) the other two players in the space, it will get delivered at the end of the calendar year or go into some additional testing. And then what now they're expecting is that there will be an order for now up to six but Brigade Combat Teams, or BCTs, versus the original two that will be split between two vendors. So it's a total of 3,800 radios, 1,900 apiece. That will be awarded sometime in the February-March of calendar 2018 period, which will be revenue for us as being one of the two vendors at the back end of our fiscal 2018. So, a little bit of a shift on the Army Manpack program, again, very, very encouraging that the testing goes on, we're performing very well. The money is in the budget which is very encouraging, what we saw in the Omnibus, as well as a substantial increase in the number of BCTs that are going to be fielded by the Army from the Manpack program. So I think that's very encouraging news to us.
William M. Brown: Yes, well, Seth, well, thanks for that question. The FAA is one of our biggest customers across the company. It's more than $0.5 billion. It's a very large partnership, significant partnership we've had with them and it's been for the last couple of decades. As you know, we have the base FTI program which has been very stable. They've been (44:29) for a long period of time performing exceptionally well and then a number of NextGen programs. I think, look, there's been a lot of debate. It's not a new debate. It's been happening over the last, probably, couple of decades. I think what's different now is, it appears the administration is now getting behind privatization. I think if it goes in that direction, the transition period is probably at least five years because of the size and complexity of the FAA system, the North American Air Traffic Control System. So I think it's a multi-year transition. We don't think that there's going to be any near-term impact mainly because the programs that we're on are essential programs. There's very strong support for the NextGen programs, including in the recent Omnibus. All of the airlines even support the NextGen programs. So, we feel very good that we will not be impacted, certainly not anytime in the near-term, by any discussion on privatization, but I can tell you there's a lot of distance between now and having that finally approved. There's a lots of different voices in this including from the general aviation community, the DoD. A lot of people who have airports in their backyard that won't let them (45:44) impacted. So there's a lot of room between now and something being definitize on privatization, so we'll watch and see how it plays out and keep you posted on it.
William M. Brown: Well, look, we've calibrated pretty well in the year based on the CR, so we felt our tactical business was well calibrated and coming in today, keeping the DoD about flat for the year sort of is testament of the fact that it was reasonably well calibrated. In our Electronic Systems business, we have our wireless products. (46:46) more of a short-term product type business, has seen a little bit of an impact but not enough to take us off our game in Electronic Systems. So we feel that our business and where we happen to be has been well calibrated. We originally guided at the beginning of the year flat to down 2 (47:05) as a company and now we're down about 1 (47:07), so right in the middle of the range. So I think we have been well calibrated and I think that remains the same today.
William M. Brown: Most of the integration costs are going to be behind us by the end of the year. The total for the program is about $250 million. Most of that's now spent. Net is going to be about $200 million. So it's up a little bit. It was $35 million and now it's about $40 million. It's restructuring. It's integration costs and a little bit of restructuring around the stranded cost reduction activities, but we think we're pretty well captured in that $40 million estimate.
William M. Brown: But over time, we know that there will be a substantial upgrade in the UK, this Morpheus program, and we're going to be right in the middle of that. There's been some recent progress on that. That is going to move forward. It's probably not in the next two years, but certainly in the next three years or four years, we'll be able to start (49:58) to be some meaningful revenue for Harris and that will happen and that's going to be a big opportunity. It was estimated as a £3.5 billion total upgrade. About 20%, 25% is going to be radio. So we think we've got a good position on that because we've 40,000 radio there today, legacy radios, so a good opportunity for us. Over time, it's probably in the back end of the three-year period that we're thinking when it's going to start to hit us.
William M. Brown: I think more broadly, so just electronic warfare, we do have substantial content on F-35. It's not the EW system, it's on F-35, so very substantial content with opportunities to grow that content over time because we're performing very, very well. And as there's a broad multi-year drive in the DoD towards open systems, we do have some opportunities to perhaps get a little more content there. We also have significant content with the F-18. So, as there's a contemplation certainly in the Omnibus of additional F-18 aircraft, that works for us. We do have the IDECM system for the – the Defense Electronic Countermeasure System for the F-18, so that will be good news for us. And then what we're seeing is across all of the legacy platforms, because of new threats, all of the legacy platforms, both fixed wing and rotary, need to be upgraded, and we've got strong positions on many of those platforms, and that's really what's behind a lot of the strong order growth and revenue growth now in electronic warfare.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, you did. And I'll say on Communication Systems, Carter, the other part of the growth next year would be in the Electronic Systems space. Bill mentioned the opportunities on the EW platform with F-16s and F-18. So we expect electronic warfare to continue to grow and the C4, the battle management system win in UAE is going to drive growth in our C4I business, so those would be the other two contributors for growth in fiscal 2018.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: And just to add to that, Howard, where we're focused on the Exelis side is driving integration. I think the next part of the journey would be taking this HPX culture. The build's been (33:20) driving on the legacy Harris side now into Exelis, and we see some really good opportunities to continue to simplify operations and streamline the business there on the Exelis side. So there should be some cost take-out opportunities on the Exelis side going forward as well.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: It would be. Gautam, it's something that the pieces – there are two pieces. There is system integration and then providing the radios as well, in that order. So – yeah, so I think we should be able to get revenue from that in 2018.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah. So on the international side, Gautam, our pipeline is pretty steady. I mean it's around the same $2.4 billion-ish where it has been. It kind of keeps moving in and out with opportunities coming. So there is really not a lot of change to the international pipeline. And the typical areas that it comes from is also kind of the same. Iraq continues to be one of our bigger opportunities. And then Australia, we're still tracking that. As we mentioned before, that's a – long-term, that's about a $1 billion opportunity with, obviously, the upfront award. So the geographical distribution has not changed much. The size overall has not changed much. And I think, on the DoD, the pipeline is up slightly over where we were. I think it's now north of about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. And so that's where that thing is, and I think that's up over where we were last time.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So, just to make a final point on that, Rob, the step-up is not due to Exelis integration costs going up. But we'd mentioned last quarter that as we were taking some stranded costs, now there'll be some restructuring costs, that we'll need to spend to get the stranded costs out and that's what you see the change from $35 million to $40 million.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: We should be pretty much done by the end of this fiscal year, so we do not expect any integration costs too for next year.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: A little bit. It's not a lot we do – I think that directionally it's – the words from the administration are good, as there's pressure on NATO to spend more, we do see some incremental opportunities coming from our allies in Western Europe. We have a few small orders, nothing big at this point coming from Western Europe. And that market is fairly stable year-over-year, so not a lot of change on the Western Europe side.
