Rahul Ghai: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Just a quick reminder that fiscal ‘18 results are compared with the prior year non-GAAP figures, which excluded acquisition-related costs. Total company results on slide five. Revenue was about flat, with growth in Electronic Systems and Space and Intelligence offset by lower revenue in Communication Systems. Operating income was up 3% and EPS was up 8%. Free cash flow grew by $50 million to $72 million. Turning now to first quarter EPS bridge on slide six. EPS grew by $0.10. The expected $0.08 headwind from the ADS-B transition was partially offset the disciplined capital deployment in fiscal ‘17. Strong segment performance delivered $0.12 of accretion from solid program execution, incremental integration savings, higher pension income and lower costs. Benefit of higher volume in Avionics, Battle Management Systems and Classified Space was offset by lower Environmental and Communication Systems volume. Segment detail on slide seven, Communication Systems revenue was $410 million, down 5%. Tactical Communication revenue was down 5%, with DoD down 2% from lower airborne radios volume. International tactical revenue was down 6%, as substantial growth in the Middle East primarily from Iraq was offset by the expected declines in central Asia and in Central and Latin America due to a tough year-over-year compare, and though, slightly down Europe remained strong driven by Eastern Europe. Public Safety and Night Vision were both down mid-single digits. Segment operating income was flat at $118 million, but margin expanded 140 basis points to 28.8%, as lower cost and operational efficiencies more than offset the impact from lower volume. Historical information for tactical orders, revenue and backlog is provided in the supplementary material. Moving to slide eight, Electronic Systems revenue was $540 million, up 1% versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of ADS-B program transition, revenue was up 5%. This was driven by the ramp in UAE Battle Management Systems program and growth in Avionics across several platforms, such as F-35, F-22 and F-18. Segment operating income was down slightly to $109 million and margin was down 50 basis points to 20.2%, as solid performance across the segment and ongoing focus on operational excellence offset a $14 million headwind from the ADS-B program transition. Slide nine, System and Intelligence revenue was $466 million, up 3%, Classified business was up 8% and Environmental revenue decline double digits, in line with expectations as some programs trended down. Segment operating income was up 10% to $87 million and margin expanded 130 basis points to 18.7%, driven by strong program performance and higher pension income. Moving to slides 10 and 11 for full year guidance, guidance for fiscal ‘18 remains unchanged, with EPS in a range of $5.85 to $6.05, up 6% to 9%, including benefit from $150 million of share repurchases for the year, with $75 million completed in the first quarter. Total company revenue guidance is unchanged in a range of $6.02 billion to $6.14 billion, up 2% to 4%. Communication Systems is expected to grow 3% to 5% with DoD tactical up double digits, from increased focus on readiness and incremental modernization volume. International tactical is still expected to be flat to down slightly with growth in the back half of the year as the Australia modernization program ramps up. Electronic Systems is expected to be up 3% to 5% with growth in avionics, electronic warfare and battle management systems. Space and Intelligence is expected to be flat to up 1% as strong revenue growth in the Classified area will be partially offset by the headwind from the Environmental programs. Total company operating margin guidance remains unchanged in a range of 19% to 19.5%. We also continue to expect $850 million to $900 million in free cash flow for the full year. The first quarter tax rate of 27.7% benefited from the stock-based compensation accounting standard that we adopted in the first quarter of fiscal ‘17. We still expect a full year tax rate of about 28.5%. The remaining three quarters are expected to average 28.8% within quarter-to-quarter depending on specific tax timing differences. And with that, I would like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Rahul Ghai: So we have not tracking, as we’ve mentioned, I think, on the last call, we are not going to track it that, we just going to provide now combined results for the tactical radio business between Harris and Exelis. As we have combined and integrated the business, operationally we’re running it as one. Our sales forces are now combined. So we have -- even internal we are just soft tracking between Exelis and Harris and just tracking it as -- just as the tactical radio business and we have the details in the supplementary material for the overall business.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. Good question, Carter. So on EAC adjustments, overall, it’s kind of similar to where we were last year same time, so really no difference. I think both Space and ES had good operational performance and kind of Space had little bit of award fee timing that -- those things fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and ES had some a slight favorable fixed price content mix and some close out on fixed price programs. So those things helped in the quarter but overall we feel good about where they had margins happen to be. And on the -- on your second question on the pension, we contributed $400 million last year, so we had about 80% funded. So that’s -- so we have to be -- which is -- which we feel relatively good about. And the second part is, so given that we are -- we will keep and as interest rates move by about 25 basis points our pension deficit cuts down by like $160 million. So point of interest rate movement is going to cut our pension deficit by half. So we are going to continue to monitor that and think about what that means on when we made pension contribution if we chose to do so. We have -- given our fiscal year ending, we have little bit more time than others do in terms of, if we have to do something extra on pension. But right now we feel good about where we are in terms of funding.
Rahul Ghai: So our Classified growth is about roughly mid-single digits around 5% year-over-year in our Space guidance.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So on cash, listen, good start to year. We are up $50 million year-over-year in the quarter and as expected we had some working capital headwinds as we over delivered $51 in Q4. So we kind of expected that and that got offset by some refunds on tax payments we made last year and some cash tax timing differences. But on the long -- last 12-month basis we are about $900 million of free cash flow and feel good about delivering $850 million to $900 for the year.
Rahul Ghai: That’s little bit worse, about the same for Q2 and then maybe little bit worse in the back half of the year.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. Historically, this year we have little bit the back end of fiscal ‘17, I remember the satellite launched in November of 2016, calendar ‘16.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. And those margins, typically fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, depending on the mix and we have some lot true-ups on a couple of program and that helped margins in Q1. Having said that, the margin was strong and -- in the first quarter and you really feel good about where the margins -- where -- about the full year guidance for the segment or margins.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So, Sheila, again, the margins kind of, same thing on Space, the margins do fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and that’s why we don’t provide kind of quarterly guidance on margins. But the fact was that we are makes a little bit more skewed toward fixed price program that helps and also there were some closeout on fixed price programs in the quarter that helped margins as well. So, again, really good start to the year and we feel good about where the year happens to be or guidance happens to be for full year.
Rahul Ghai: Sorry, Rob, just to put a final point on that and even so overall our book-to-bill was 2.3, sorry, 1.6 and even if you exclude Australia it was 1.45. So and compare that last year it was about 1.20. So even excluding Australia the book-to-bill was really good.
Bill Brown: Yeah. It -- look, I think, we are pretty pleased with where we happen to be in the first quarter coming at about flat. I am very, very happy with where we were on orders. Orders were very, very strong and as look at the balance of the year we have got fair amount of the backend of the year is now covered in backlog or in firm or follow-on high probability follow-on orders. So it’s actually quite good. When I look just across the businesses, CS came in a down 5%, so we saw a couple of opportunity shift in the Q2, but we see though the balance of year being very, very strong. Electronic Systems came in at 1%, but when you exclude the impact of ADS-B it would be up 5%. So that’s a pretty substantial drag in the quarter and we will see that again in Q2. And then Space coming in at 3% for the first quarter is above the full year guidance and again reflects some good trends that are happening at business. So, overall, I think, we are pretty pleased with where we happen to be in the first quarter.
Bill Brown: Yeah. Pete, look, I think, from my perspective at Harris, we don’t see any change to our game plan. We have a healthy amount of respect for the competitors we have in the space and the moves that they are making. But we feel we have got good skill position in the franchise areas, we haven’t been participating in. We spent the number of years investing in our franchise and focusing our businesses where we know we could be successful and winning based on technology, so while we -- we feel pretty good. We watch what’s happening in the industry. But we feel good about the position of Harris Corporation and where the budget happens to be going and I think the future is a very bright for Harris.
Bill Brown: It was I think very, very good questions. I think you’re referencing a lot of the discussions gone over the last six months to eight months, maybe little bit longer than that led by the Chief on the future of the Army architecture, the resiliency, the concerns about maneuverability and variety of other things. They commissioned a study. The study came out with the findings. The Army has elaborated on that over the summer. That engage industry and lots of ways and conversations around that and it was some recent testimony in September in front of what is subcommittees of the House of Services Committee talking about some directions the Army wants to move in. First of all in the upper tactical system mainly relates to WIN-T. We are provider of some components on WIN-T. We provide the high-band networking radio, as well as an H&W waveform which we’ve develop. Frankly, as I look for ways of making that that system more resilient, more maneuverable, that could slow down some opportunities to Harris to upgrade its H&W waveform and each in our radio, which we are proceeding with today. In terms of the Army wanting to put more capabilities into the tactical radio with the tactical Internet faster. Frankly, works directly in our favor in many ways and I think is a strong footstep on the commercial model that Harris has been known for. The ability to quickly embed commercial technologies, continuously innovate, developing new capabilities, fielding them very quickly, investing ahead of the curve and building headroom on our radios, so that you can onboard new waveforms, new technologies based on where the market is moving or threats are changing. So that works very much in favor of the model that Harris I think it’s been known for is very, very strong at. So, I think, overall, I think, this is a -- this will eventually be a good outcome for the company. There’s been some deliberation over last six months, but I think, it started to come, become clear as to where the Army wants to move. They clearly have made a strong statement in support of the manpack radio. They made a strong statement in support of the two channel leader radio. They want to become more SOCOM like, which shall again goes back in support of Harris. I think, overall, this could shake out to be good news over time for Harris.
Bill Brown: Yeah. I think, we -- again, you are about right on Australia that should be about the flow-through in the year. Overall, we still see good growth on DoD, up double-digit for the year and international, as Rahul said in his prepared remarks, flat to down slightly. We still see a very strong pipeline. It’s about $2.3 billion. We see the Middle East and Africa region, perhaps, being a bit incrementally better in the year than we thought just a couple of months ago. It’s going to be up significantly double-digit and little bit better than we have thought. And again we are seeing good opportunities flow-through in Iraq. We are seeing that almost doubling over the course of the year. The U.S. government support, there is actually quite strong. We know Saudi is going to come up off a very low base from last year, mainly because of the [ph] reef product (23:04) or SINCGARS product that’s going to flow-through this year. North Africa looks good. We see Kenya looking pretty good. The UAE is pretty strong. The only place is really soft in the Middle East would be in Jordan, but again, overall, Middle East is a little bit better. Asia-Pacific just a little bit better as well than last time, again, up significantly double digits. Australia is a key part of it. There is a couple of other markets in Southeast Asia that are quite strong. So APAC a little bit better. Maybe Europe is about the same, maybe a little bit worse over the course of the last couple of months. We had a good start. We booked in Ukraine was a big deal for us. But Romania is going to be some pressure in the year. Poland is going to be some year-over-year pressure in the year and in Cal -- in Central Asia, both look a little bit weak and we knew they will be weak, but probably, incrementally, but weaker than we thought before.
Bill Brown: I really can’t give you much color. We -- you are right. We have completed Exelis integration. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We’ve got a little more debt to pay down at the end of this year about another $550 million in fiscal ‘18. We’ve -- I think we’ve proven our credit if you will on how we bought a company at a good part of the cycle. We are discipline in what we paid and integrated very, very well. So the team is looking at a variety of different opportunities none of which are must haves that could help us accelerate in some of our key franchise areas. But I don’t believe today that we need to acquire to be successful. We are going to be opportunistic. We will be very focused on where we buy. But we are just starting to look a little more. But, again, it won’t be an area that’s outside of our core Space.
Bill Brown: We think the armies, first of all, across the DoD, they are moving money into some of the current accounts. We see readiness picking up. This is a bit more aggressively than we thought just a couple of months ago. There is a lot of conversation about equipping new security forces and that is going to we believe help us in the year. The -- we have very little in the year on monetization. It’s up from last year. We had a good start to the year on selling the MUOS waveform. We expect this year to be about $50 million and 80% of that are so was booked in Q1. So that’s pretty strong. But we’ve sort of derisk what we expect to see coming out of the Army manpack. It is largely just a test radios that we have shipped. We do see the SOCOM handheld radio beginning to ship in the back half of the year. That’s going to ramp into ‘19. But as I sit here today and based on as I look at our backlog and backlog roll off in the tactical business largely, we probably have about 50% or just about 50% of the back into Q2 through Q4 revenue that’s now in backlog and will flow out. So we feel better today looking at the backend of the year, Carter, than we did last year at this point in time. So what I think we are relatively well calibrated in the year.
Bill Brown: And I think on -- I think you might have mentioned about tax, well, Carter, I think, we are hopeful that tax reform does occur. I think every one point on effective tax rate worth about $0.08 for us. So that I think if that moves forward, I think, it will be a positive for Harris.
Bill Brown: No. Look, it’s very, very complicated question that you’re asking. But effectively we’ve been in the business for several decades delivering radios and have been nearly standardized across the DoD on 117G 152 Alpha radios field proven. And we have develop -- we have been developing and working on the next-generation manpack radio, the single-channel rifleman radio, the two channel handheld radio, the midtier radio, we are selling them all around the world, even some of the newer product is being sold with both within and outside of the DoD. Look the technology continues to move, the threat environment continues to change and the radios have to be adaptable it over time given those current trends and what -- I think what the Army has realized is that you cannot take a JTRS program in 10 years or 11 years ago set a specification five years before the first iPhone is launched and set a specification and hope to feel it 11 years later and have it be relevant. It has to be very nimble, agile, flexible procurement process and has yet to be able to upgrade frequently. In fact that’s where the Army is moving. That’s where SOCOM has moved. And that’s really the commercial model the Harris, I think, is distinctively good at. We develop headroom in the hardware of our radios such that when new threats come up or new waveforms that could be low probability of an interception or low probability of detection or APJ waveforms that you can onboard them into that radio in the existing hardware. It’s exactly what we did by putting the MUOS waveform on to our existing 117G’s. MUOS was not even contemplated on 117G. We first started fielding it eight years ago. But great waveform engineers up in Rochester were able to customize that waveform with a simple software download on drive -- drop it into 117G. That’s the beauty this particular model. So to your comments and concerns, yeah, there’s been a lot of question around this. The threat environment is changing, the technology is moving. What we believe that the adaptability of our model, our engineering investments in our products, we think we are going to be well-positioned no matter where the Army or fragmented in any of the other services go. So, hopefully, I’m addressing your question, Rob. It’s a very complicated one. But I do believe that this ultimately reflects back on the value of the commercial model that Harris is very good at.
Bill Brown: In terms of specific number that will ship this year. Again, we were under contract on the multichannel manpack for 100 units -- 101 units and they are going to ship back into this quarter, in its early Q1 -- Q3’s, early first quarter of calendar ‘18. And also want to do the field-based risk reduction, probably, in the April, May timeframe, that’s sort of the current operating model. Now the down select really effectively happen us and Rockwell Collins and we are both aligned and moving the Army forwarded ready to go and I think that voice common from two competitors in the Space, I think, it’s resonating with the Army. So if anything that could encourage that procurement to move faster rather than slower. So, I think, that’s kind of where we see at the moment.
Bill Brown: Well, it’s probably the backend of our fiscal ‘18, maybe into early fiscal ‘19. Look, I think the Army still wants to field, your right out of the gate, 60 BCT’s and that could happen in two and four, could happen all six, we don’t really know exactly what they are going to end up doing. But that’s probably more like we have fiscal ‘19 revenue event for us as opposed to fiscal ‘18, the order could happen, in the best of cases towards the backend of fiscal ‘18. That’s kind of where we see it right now. But when you look at the budget and where the Army wants to move, even the recent testimony it has in September, always in favor of moving forward at significant quantities of the HMS manpack. So, I think, it’s very encouraging what we are seeing in the last couple of months.
Bill Brown: Sure. Yeah. Let me maybe hit a couple of key points and if Rahul, do you have anything add jump in. About two-thirds of the Space business is in the Classified domain. We see the budgets up sort of single digits. We see that continuing over the next number of years as far as we can see as a visibility to it. The Classified budgets are coming up and we get a little bit of color within the topline, we can see where the money is being spent and I feel that it is growing faster in areas that Harris has developed capabilities. So our high-end exquisite sensors, as well as our pretty innovative creative small sat type solutions, and so -- I feel very good. Rahul said, for the year the Classified business will be up mid-single digits in Q1. It was up a bit stronger than that. We continue to see good solid order trends and the pipeline here is quite good. The Commercial business of the Space and Intel business which mostly commercial reflectors and GPS, that business will also be up pretty strong this year about double-digit. And again, we talked about -- some of the awards we’ve seen. In that commercial reflector business we have got a strong global share. It’s a commercial model driven business where we invest our own R&D to develop that offering. We sell it into the marketplace. It performed exceptionally well on orbit, almost no failures with very, very high margins. And we have been running at about two reflectors a year over the last six years and over last two years we were at about four per year. So it’s kind of double and we see another five or so that were bidding opportunities in our fiscal ‘18. So we continue to see that commercial reflector business ramp. The place that we are seeing some softness in the year is really in the Environmental Solutions business. We’ve talked about that over last couple of quarters, part of it is program transition where we’re moving from the build of the GOES-R satellite systems, so the -- the onboard optics as well as the ground processing system is moving in a sustainment. And there we are seeing just some budgetary pressure from where the Trump Administration wants to go an environmental scientist. So we factored that into our guidance. We see the Environmental business, which more or less is about $350 million to $400 million in size being down mid-teens for the year. So we saw that in Q1. We see that over the balance of the year and beyond kind of stabilizing a little bit. So that’s kind of where we sit today. The pipeline overall for that Space and Intel business is pretty robust. It’s up about 4%, 5% year-over-year, $11.5 billion to $12 billion. So we continue to see good health in that Space and Intel business, and again a lot of it’s from Classified and lot of it is that based on the last five year, six years of investments in IRAD that position us in some places that, frankly, where -- the -- our Classified customers are moving towards with disaggregated resilient response of solutions. So Jason that answer part of your question, let me stop there and see if there is anything else you want to have clarify.
Bill Brown: They started in Q1. So we saw in Q1 the Environmental business rolled down about 10% to 15% and that -- about 15% and we see that about the same for the balance of the year.
Bill Brown: Lot of it’s, Noah, is the roll-off of the GOES-R program which was last year, plus we’ve got a couple of sensors that we are developing for these NASA NOAA satellites. They call the JPSS, the joint polar satellite system and then the 3 and 4, I think, they call Polar Follow-On, so they change the name on it. But we have got some sensors on that and there had been some funding pressure around the Polar Follow-On mission, which is JPSS-3 and -4.
Bill Brown: GOES-R was kind of overall flat, Noah, ‘16 to ‘17 was kind of flat and then it declined substantially this year.
Bill Brown: No. I think, Noah, I think, you have got most of it. So the headwind does accelerate a little bit on the Environmental side. Classified we are expecting about 5% for the full year. It grew about 8% in Q1, so not as stronger growth in the Classified side on the back half of the year.
Bill Brown: Yeah. I think, you are about right on the $300 million in terms of base funding and that that has been relatively stable over last couple of years. We do see depends on what -- where you characterize some of the readiness investment we saw in Q1. Of about $100 million in order, so does that sort of go into base or is that an upsize sort of the mix of the two, but you are largely about right. The Navy IDIQ award is very encouraging coming in and it was sole-sourced Harris to replace something that expires, so it was fully exhausted the prior contract vehicle. And what I think it reflects is, if you look in the slide deck and you will see out of a couple of years the Marine Corps is going to start to modernize. It happens in, I think, it’s in the fiscal ‘19, fiscal ‘20 timeframe and its start to grow quite large and I think the IDIQ vehicle is size such that it compensates for, it allows us for that modernization at Marine Corps to happen. So that will be beyond our fiscal ‘18, it will start in ‘19 and ‘20. That, I think, Noah, is actually encouraging for us overall for where we see the business growing to beyond fiscal ‘18.
Bill Brown: No. Nothing to point to. No. It’s going to be relatively stable. It’s going to be reset in spears and repairs and things that we typically do. There is a number of [ph] 17TGs (47:33) in the inventory. There is 152A. There is SINCGARS radios that had some flow-through. It is not big but flow-through there. There are going to be some investment over the next couple of years in terms of this crypto mod upgrade. They won’t replace all the radios in DoD inventory by the NSA Cert -- the deadline which I think is in 2021 is the timeframe. So there have to be some investment to upgrade the cryptography on the legacy radios that are sitting in there. So there is really nothing specific to the point to, Noah, and we will talk more of that that as we see it over time, but we see it relatively stable.
Bill Brown: Yeah. Look, we have good content on F-35. It’s just over $2 million for shipset that we provide the common component -- avionic components backplane, liquid-cooled racks, things like that. We also provide the antennas for the -- they call the metal the multifunction data link. And then we also provide release systems as well, so the carriage and release. We talked about an award we received in Q1 associated with F-35 release systems. So, overall, it’s just over $2 million. We are on, well, I think, LRIP 10 on the release systems in LRIP 12 on the…
Bill Brown: … common components and the avionics systems, there’s been a lot of conversation around block buys. We are working with our partners on that is to how they might flow in and get shaped over the course of the year. But we’ve also won some recent content. We own the aircraft memory system, which was a big important win for us. We won the panoramic cockpit display electronic unit, so they head down display electronic unit and that adds, call it 5% to 10% roughly to the content for shipset and that will flow in over time. So we are performing very, very well. We have very high delivery rates. We have been working strong with our partners and taking cost out and driving improvement for the liability we’ve invested in open system technologies. So we have an opportunity to compete for a new mission system to open system over time and we are very competitive in that space. So, overall, we think F-35 is going to be a good -- has been and we will continue to be a good story for us, Sheila.
Bill Brown: Sure. The RFP is out. The proposals are in. We expect an award sometime in early calendar ‘18. It will build off of the existing rifleman radio IDIQ was -- the IDIQ was contemplated originally at $3.9 billion to include the possibility of a two-channel radio. That in fact is happening. And we will provide some small number of radios for testing in the early part of next year and will ramp for us in fiscal ‘19.
Bill Brown: Not particularly. There were, obviously, Australia was an important component to that in the CS business, but even excluding that we had very good book-to-bill internationally in DOD. We actually saw a couple of things that moved out of September and October that we had hoped would happen in September. But -- we are on good track for them in Q2. And again similar good trajectory right now in Electronic Systems, as well as Space and Intel, so nothing in particular that I would characterize as a pull forward because of the end of the fiscal year. I mean, as we normally see, as you know we normally see that at the end of fiscal year September that tends to be a big booking month and was again, but nothing unusual that we saw this year relative to the prior years.
Bill Brown: Yes. We believe it will be more than one. In fact it should be, I wouldn’t substantially, but because of Australia and the CS segment, we are much more confident there in more substantial book-to-bill for the year.
Bill Brown: Sure. Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. Before we end the call, I would like to make sure we thank the Harris team for delivering a strong quarter despite the impact of Hurricane Irma to our Florida operations, which as many know has more than 6,000 employees. The storm passed early on a Monday morning. We partially restarted operations on Tuesday and we are back to nearly 100% by Wednesdays and this remarkable was within 48 hours and I am very, very pleased and proud of the team performance. I am also proud that our customers experienced no significant disruption of service, including the FAA which relies on a network operations center here in Florida to monitor air traffic across North American airspace, as well as the first responders that we support throughout the state of Florida. So we responded very, very well and I’m very pleased and proud of the team. Overall we had good start to the year. We are confident both our fiscal ‘18 and medium-term outlook. We are in an environment where defense budgets are coming up, the technology solutions we provide are aligned with the mission priorities of our customers and very importantly, we have a dedicated team that’s geared towards exceeding customer expectations and delivering shareholder value. So thank everybody for joining the call and we will speak again next quarter.
