Chris Kubasik: Yes Doug, this is Chris. Thanks for the question, and yes, you absolutely got it right. We've been quite successful in the Communication Segment of late with some of those wins not only here domestically but internationally as well. So I think what we're seeing is some upward pressure for revenue growth and margins over the longer term, like we've talked about before. We had a great quarter when you looked at the book-to-bill, and the continuation for modernization of the land force is, whether it's the radios, the night vision goggles, SATCOM we're really in a good, position. So maybe I'll throw it over to Jay to give you a little more color. 
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in there. Yesterday we signed a contract with the Mid-East country for the first phase of a multi-year Next Gen STR standardization program, and this has the potential for up to $1 billion over the next several years, so a lot of good positive momentum. 
Chris Kubasik: Oh absolutely! Now we've had a good run in space and as I mentioned, you know we had a good quarter book-to-bill in space was 1.2 so far this year and we've been successful in winning 10 of 18 prime positions just in the last 18 months. So that's something that we're quite proud of and we've also moved into the missile defense arena.  So, maybe a little longer answer. The approach we're taking in space is similar to what we've done in all five domains, and it's really understanding the customers’ mission. We have 47,000 employees and 20,000 engineers and 20,000 employees with clearances.  So we are looking at our capabilities, we're looking at how we are spending our IRAD and we are trying to develop solutions and alternatives that meet their needs. We've talked a lot in the past as you know about our responsive SATs, where we were able to develop and launch satellites within twenty months. So that's helping us win a lot of these prime positions. We understand the mission, we have innovative solutions. The focus is on the payload and the integration and speed. So strategically, I think that has been a needle mover. When I look at the exquisite satellites, you know we continue to have some of the best payloads out there, so we're working with partners, usually the larger prime and that's contributed to some success and we have some awards coming up in the next few months that are classified. And then we're working collaboratively with some of these new entrants, just like we do with the traditional primes and find where we can partner, where we can compete, and it seems to be working. So very proud of that team and the outlook is quite positive in space and the budget is clearly supporting this growth as well. 
Chris Kubasik: Well, thanks David. I mean a small part of the margin improvement does come from volume and you know we've talked about organic growth trajectory, so that's a contributor. But the big driver is ultimately e3, and we talked about the synergies which are a year ahead of schedule and we're committed to a $350 million run rate.  A lot of this takes more than just the two or three years that we've talked about, and each and every function is developed and executing a transformation plan. It takes investments sometimes in systems and processes, but we believe there's continual upside. We've proven it, we're focused on this, something Jay and I review on a regular basis.  So we see no reason why the e3 program can't continue. I'll let Jay jump in on the pension assumptions, but again, the execution has been what's helpful and driving the margins. We're able to control our EACs and the commitments that we sign up to with our customers.  So Jay, a little more color. 
Chris Kubasik: Well, thank you for the question. Now we've had numerous transactions that comprise the $2.7 billion. You know I went back and looked at our original estimates and we've generally answered your question and have been able to meet or in some cases slightly exceed what we had projected. You know we talked way back about maybe about $2.8 billion of gross proceeds from all these divestitures where 2.7 and as I mentioned a couple of small ones. So we'll clearly get within the range of our expectations.  You know on the M&A front, we did come out of the box two years ago and said we really were going to stand down on M&A and focus on the integration and the divestitures, and as I've highlighted that's gone very well or maybe even better than expected. But even during that two year period we watched the market. I'm highly confident we didn't miss anything in the two year period. So we'll continue to survey the market where we're looking at anything that is “a must have” as we call it.  You know when I look at the portfolio, as we said over the two years, we're in all five domains. I don't really see any glaring needs or gaps. So we'll either proactively approach companies or respond to inbound calls, but we're really going to continue to hold the discipline, look at things strategically, look at them operationally, make sure the financial hurdles make sense. So not really in a rush and very pleased with what we've been able to win organically. So, hopefully that that gives you some insight Robert and we'll let you know as things progress. 
Chris Kubasik: Yes, I'll take the Next Gen Jammer one first of then ask Jay to chime in on SAS. No, you're right. It's going to be mid-August when we hear the results. We're very supportive and confident and in the process that the U.S. Navy ran and we're assuming that we began work in August and that's built within the model and the guidance. So no additional upside from that, but a huge win and we're looking forward to getting started and delivering those capabilities. 
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, there's a lot of questions there. I'll go backwards. Yeah, I mean I try to encourage my team that we got to spend time with our customers and listen to their challenges and such. So, actually this evening I'll be headed to DC and have three days of meetings in the Pentagon with a whole variety of customers from OSD and the single services and obviously bring in the key P&L leaders with me. So we like to listen to our customers and see how we can help them and work collaboratively with them on the budget process and such, so. I think everybody does it, but that's something I'm focused on.  International, you know we came out of the shoot and said, this was one of the areas we thought we could do better and I think we said we were underperforming as a combined company, and we were probably right around 19% of our revenue, maybe 20% on a pro form basis back in 29 – or 2019. So far this year we're at about 22% of our revenue coming from international. So we're seeing a little positive movement. As you it’s a little lumpy.  You know as I mentioned, you know maybe somewhat surprising, the budgets have really been stable across the globe consistent with the U.S. So I think that was a pleasant surprise given the threat environment and you think of U.K., Australia, Japan, Canada and so our approach and strategy that I've talked about is really two-fold. We have the ten focus countries where we have executives, either local country national or ex-pats there day-to-day, understanding the process, the threats and bringing in our P&L leaders, at least when the border is opened to try to close on deals.  So that seems to be working well and then more on the traditional product side, you know we use the distributors and the reps and we've been able to use previous relationships to expand the portfolio. You know I mentioned that IDIQ for FMS you know as an example. That now allows all the products of the new company to come through, not just the traditional radio. So, I think that's a positive.  You know a lot of what we do is focused on more defensive systems we're hearing from our international customers, because ultimately they want situational awareness and the ability to communicate in a contested environment. So you know I look at our portfolio and the things we're doing on ISR aircraft, whether it's something like a rivet joint to a business jet, and in some cases to a single prop aircraft.  We have a broad portfolio that allows them to get situational awareness. We've talked quite about – a bit about our resilient comps capability, our Waveforms library, which is second to none and you know relative to the regions it’s the usual place, the Mid East, the Far East and Asia Pacific and we're seeing growth opportunities in all those areas.  So that's probably a longer answer than you wanted, but we're optimistic and I think we're in a good position and executing on the strategy we laid out two years ago. 
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Let me do high level on the first question and Jay can give you some more color on Tac Com and then I'll come back and answer the IVAS question.  So specifically domestically we've talked about some upcoming awards that should be occurring here domestically, the HMS Manpack, HMS Leader, those are coming forward here, hopefully in the third quarter. You know in the fourth quarter the marines have a handheld competition that we're also looking forward to getting to results.  Then of course internationally we have a pretty good increase here later in the year and again, the focus there is going to be in Europe, the Mid East and Asia, the Asia Pacific region. Again, we've had good success in the Mid East that I just mentioned from yesterday, some Australian orders and really a pretty strong pipeline. But I’ll let Jay give you a little more color in numbers as it relates to Tac Com.
Chris Kubasik: Going back to IVAS, you know I think when you look at our ENVG-B program and IVAS, I would say that you're kind of going head-to-head and maybe battling a little bit for budget money although both were funded and you know our focus is clearly to deliver, which our team has done a great job on schedule and meet all of our commitments. I think ultimately its going to be a question of how these get split. I think there's several hundred thousand devices needed and they have slightly different capabilities and mission sets. So I would think over time there's going to be a split between the two. You know we've been talking a little more publicly about some of the augmented reality capabilities within the ENVG-B, you know the real focus on the night vision capabilities. So different capabilities, different mission and you know I would think the two converge at some point and we'll see how the army wants to play that out. But right now we're just focused on delivering and making sure we meet our commitments. 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, yeah let me give a quick F-35. You know we've talk about before we're a top 10 supplier, looking at it just the other day. We deliver about 1500 parts per jet. But the main focus has been TR3, where we have three components; I mentioned two of those three. We were successful in getting a production contract, which I think is indicative of the progress we've made.  You know where we are right now is going through the safety of flight on these three products. One has completed the test. One is just about to start later this week and the third starts in October, so it's all per schedule. We're committed and focused on making sure we're ready for the lot 15 cut in. That's a big focus of both Lockheed and the [inaudible] and I'd say over the last six months the teams have made a lot of good progress. We are communicating, we understand the schedule, we understand the risk. So you know I feel good about our piece of that great program in contributing to Lockheed and allowing them to deliver their jet.  So as usual, in any development program there's directed change, there's government dependencies and stuff that we're used to and accustomed to and manage and work around. So I'd say probably feel better about the program now that I did in April. 
Chris Kubasik: That's exactly right. I'll take the second question first, George. The two businesses, the multiple businesses that we divested at the end of the quarter were about $800 million of combined sales, so half here about $400 million impact for the second half and that’s what's driving the reported sales to come down by that amount.  On the working capital it's also good observation. We reset again with the impact of these divestitures George, so at the end of the second quarter, on an adjusted basis we're 57 days and we're trying to get now to around 50-ish days. Part of this was planned, where we had some programs, deliverables in the first half of the year and those receivables will turn into billings and collections in the back half of the year.  We also had in the second quarter just high receivable balance with the timing of sales and so that will just normalize and we'll collect that cash here in the third quarter, and really for us the working capital reduction is the same as it's always been really for the year. It's really driving the inventory.  Two elements as I mentioned; one is just delivering on our key program milestones, so we can turn those into billings and into collations. And then second element is really delivering on our working capital initiatives and these are the things that we’ve been talking about as far as reduced cycle time, improving our forecasting process. So you know a big second half for us, and it’s actually the way we had planned it and we believe that we are on track for that. And I’d say that end of the year George is really kind of 49 to 50 days on this new adjusted basis, taking out these divestitures. 
Chris Kubasik: Alright, Carter. Well, you got a good memory, so thanks for that and clearly it was a great team effort to get to this point.  I've talked somewhat about where we're trying to position L3 Harris and since I listened to all the questions throughout the day, you know I'll try to explain the vision here. We have our traditional primes which some great companies with a lot of cash and employees and processes. There was a couple of questions about these new entrants which are maybe a little more commercial mindset, a little more agile, maybe a little more creative, and what we're trying to do is put L3 Harris right in the middle of those two and take the best of the both and position ourselves to listen to our customers and be a trusted disrupter. I don't want to underestimate the importance of understanding the mission. So we know the mission, we know the customers and can we take that with our industry leading R&D investment and position ourselves for growth.  You know Jab[ph] C2 is something that's out there, that we can talk about more in future calls, but we really want to position ourselves to help our customers solve their problems and focus on the organic growth, focus on the margin improvement, the double digit free cash flow per share metrics; I think they're all going to drive value. So I ultimately want to be the most valuable defense technology company in the mind of our shareholders, in the mind of our customers and that's not necessarily the largest and that's what the team is also executing on.
Chris Kubasik: Yes Peter, thanks for that question. We've actually taken e3 to be our operating model in the broadest sense. So a lot of times people think of it just on the continuous improvement initiative, but the approach we've taken on e3 is much, much broader. It encompasses EH&S, it encompasses the supply chain, ESG, continuous improvement, all those aspects, quality, roll throughput yield, everything that that drives our performance, including our performance on our programs where we look at our customer ratings, we look at award fee scores. We looked at our value management.  So when you look at all those things holistically, each and everyone contributes to our cash flow and our profitability. So as we can bring down lead times or cycle times, improve the quality, we look at cost of poor quality, get the yield higher. Each and every one of those is part of our e3 umbrella, and that's really what's driving the success we've had to-date and the optimism we have for the future. 
Chris Kubasik: So with that I think I'll just kind of wrap it up. I appreciate everybody taking time to call in today. Hopefully as you heard, we have a strong quarter and the performance and the operational momentum is all positive. Obviously, it wouldn't be possible without my great leadership team and the 47,000 employees, so thanks again to them.  We feel good about the opportunities ahead. We're going to continue to execute and look forward to talking to everybody in the months ahead as we focus on growing L3 Harris. Again, thanks for joining the call.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just a – maybe just another quick comment on revenue growth over the medium term, Doug. If you recall and if you look at the future, it's somewhat similar to what we have this year. If you look at our segments, we had SAS at four to six, IMS at four to six and now it’s followed by CS and AS. If you look to the future, we would expect those two segments to continue to be leaders in growth. I will say as Chris mentioned, if this gives us more confidence in the CS outlook, we probably expect those two to drive a little higher growth than CS in the medium term.  On the margin profile, see, this year we are taking – from the first half we are going back a little bit and that's really a reflection of the mix on the new programs. We have the army, the HMS Monetization programs, we also have in our broadband communication, the Next Gen Jammer Program, so that’s some pretty sizable programs that are actually margin dilutive. The good thing about that is the CMS track record being able to take cost out, drive the margins better over time.  So if you look at the first half that shows you what the potential of the segment could be, and so when we end the year this year we'll be in that say 24% -- right now we're saying 24.5% at the midpoint. We delivered over 25% in the first half of the year, that gives you kind of a view of what the medium term could look like over time. 
Jay Malave: Yes, sure. Just to confirm right on the margins, the absorption is a little benefit. That's typically factored in when we talk about the mix headwinds and that’s usually coming in these new programs with thinner margins.  As Chris mentioned, e3 is the key driver. It’s going to drive us and talked about 20 to 25 basis points per year over the medium term of being able to continue to drive expansion and we feel pretty confident in that.  The pension, if you think about this year, all-in between FAS and CAS is benefited of about $470 million on an absolute basis. We expect that next year the CAS element to decline a little bit as a result to the ARPU legislation, it was an enacted earlier in the year. As that pushed out funding requirements for pension our recovery for CAS will come down a little bit, but that should be offset by some FAS income. So net-net I would expect the year-over-year pension to be pretty much flat. 
Jay Malave: And on the SAS margins Myles, you know this make about – the first half, about 19.5% in that ballpark. The back half of the year does step down to 18%, maybe 18% plus in the guidance range at the high end of 18.75%.  The key driver is really mixed on the new programs, particularly in Space. We've got to step up on these missile defense programs. There's a number of other classified programs that we've already won and that you know we anticipate winning here in the back half of the year, which will continue to put some pressure on the margins in the back half. But again, those are things that we had contemplated coming into the year when we set the guide originally and we're pretty impressed by the fact we're able to go to the high end of the guide now based on these same new programs. 
Jay Malave: And just to quickly add to that Richard, you know our growth framework we had laid out a target of mid-single digit plus growth over the medium term for international, so we are comfortable with that. Obviously we're going to be doing that this year if not a little bit better. And as kind of what Chris said, some of these capabilities, the ISR aircraft missionization, if you recall back in our March investor briefing, we've talked about taking the exquisite Rivet Joint capability. Bringing that to business chat is also bringing it to pod capability based on customer affordability, and there’s a significant amount of demand around the world for that.  You look at Tactical Communications, we see a lot of these foreign countries following the same DoD modernization path and so we see opportunities there. And I'd say the other areas is maritime, both in manned and unmanned, you know request for support in the capabilities we would provide, both in say electrical distribution and power control, as well as things like autonomy. So we just continue to see a growing pipeline and we're pretty comfortable with that growth objective over the medium term. 
Jay Malave: Yeah Gautam, you know I think overall probably in both cases, both DoD and international you're looking at probably low to mid-single digit growth over the medium term. Part of the reason particularly in DoD is that while we have strong growth on the modernization programs, it does cannibalize a piece of our base business and so you have a little bit of a reduction there with growth, solid growth on the monetization programs, Army being the largest program, that's really in the early innings and we've got the start of full rate production here coming in the back half of this year. Internationally Chris mentioned that before, there’s just demand around the world for some significant upgrades as far as modernization, but again I would put the growth rate right now in that low to mid-single digit as new countries come on, other countries fall off and so you know obviously we’re going to drive that to more of a mid-single digit, but for now I think it's the best way to think about and look at it. 
Jay Malave: Yeah, you know we step up in the back half of the year to about 30% growth and in the commercial business from 20% here in the second quarter. This is consistent with what we had expected you know coming into the year. The trends that we've seen or have seen thus far really in the month of July support that and so we've got some pretty good demand and a lot of activity going on in terms of our simulator sales and we’re also seeing just increased leads as far as new cadet training in our academies and we're also seeing it in the simulator training.  You know as Chris mentioned, the one thing to keep an eye on it for us, just that’s more maybe company specific is that we do operate our simulator training in these regions that had been a little bit mixed as far as lockdowns opens up and back – locked back down and so – but that's the smallest piece of our business. Overall we're pretty confident with this 30% growth based on what we're saying. 
Jay Malave: Yeah, I mean it varies year-to-year. I'd say on the mix headwind, maybe at a gross level, you're talking anywhere around 25 basis points or so of headwind from year-to-year. And our challenge is really to offset that with about 50 basis points of productivity and so that we have a net 20 to 25 basis points improvement year-to-year. But again just, it will vary. I'd say that it’ll probably be just like an average to think about. 
