William Brown: Okay, well thank you, Gary. On these calls, I try to report the good with the bad, and this quarter is no exception. Overall, we had a balanced quarter with solid earnings, encouraging orders, and increasing backlog, with a number of positives including international strength, stronger revenue in government communications, IT services performing well in a touch market, and commercial CapRock gaining momentum. But as Gary pointed out, there are pressure areas as well: performance in public safety, healthcare not maturing quickly enough, and a more challenging CapRock government market. I can assure you that all of these areas are getting a lot of attention from senior management. I know we have a lot of work to do and we’re going to say focused on it until we can demonstrate sustainably better results. So with that, I’d like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
William Brown: Yeah, Carter. I think it’s a combination of both things. As Gary mentioned, we do see it’s partly the market. The market was pretty strong in CY12 – calendar ’12 – and we were up above the market, so we gained a bit of share. That reversed itself in calendar ’13 when the market was more flattish and we were down 7, including down about 11 in our first half of our fiscal year. So part of it is the market. As I said on this call last number of quarters, about eight of our last 10 quarters, we had book-to-bill less than 1, and although we saw orders grow year-over-year in the first half – in fact, up about 12% in Q1, 7-ish in Q2 – it’s mostly in our programs business, and that adds to backlog, which is positive for us, but the revenue impact from that is likely to move out of our fiscal year and into fiscal ’15. As I said last time, I think we’re really doing all the right things to grow our business. We are investing in sales and marketing. We’re adding sales people to drive our terminals business to capture large systems, to work to convert some of the old analog systems to P25, including our own EDAC system. So we’re adding sales and marketing resources, and that does take time to return. We’re also investing in new product development to add features, to expand our offering, and to reduce the cost of our product offering. Again, that also is adding cost and will pay back, we believe, over time. I think as I step back, I think the backlog remains pretty solid. It’s about $600 million, which is pretty much in line with where we were in fiscal ’13 sales, so at least going backwards it’s about all of our ’13 sales in backlog today. The opportunity pipeline is pretty good, it’s pretty healthy. We do think the market is going to return to its historic growth rate of 3 to 5% range over time, and we think with the investments that we’re making and the organizational model we’re putting into place, we think this could be a nice growth business for us. Those are all the effects that are happening right now; we just don’t see it returning in the back half of our fiscal year.
William Brown: No, that would naturally drive you to that conclusion. We so see some mix shifts in the back half. We saw big international orders in the quarter which will turn into revenue in the back half, and the international business, especially with the systems and the product mix that we’re seeing there, comes in at slightly lower margins than we have typically seen in the past. But I think the bigger factor is that in December, an official Army notification came out that opened up to full competition and multi-vendor the HMS program, and we purposely held back investment on that until that officially came out. We now will step up substantially in the back half on R&D investment. We’re in that business and we think we’re going to be very, very competitive, and we’re going to invest to be competitive. So I think it’s more of a factor of the investment we see coming in the back half in IRAD.
William Brown: We see quarter to quarter some variations, and if you go back a number of quarters, you’ll see some things moving around. But Yair, the long-term trend has been to bring down our corporate headquarter expenses starting a couple of years ago, based on where the market happens to be, so it’s part of a trend but I wouldn’t read too much into the quarter-to-quarter gyration.
William Brown: Well, very strong orders in the first half on the commercial side. The revenue will follow that, so the revenue’s positive growth wasn’t double digit in the first half but we do see it getting a bit stronger in the back half of the year on CapRock commercial.
William Brown: You know, Bill, on the healthcare business, about 70% of our business in healthcare is with the U.S. government, and I think we mentioned last time we lost a lot of re-competes at the VA where the market has shifted from development to sustainment that requires a lower cost structure. We’ve leveraging what we have on our hits business, which was a very low cost structure, low RAP rate to improve our competitiveness on the government side, but I don’t see that coming back in here. So that’s on the government side of healthcare. On the commercial side, it’s about 30% of a relatively small healthcare business is commercial, so read into that about $30 million to $40 million in revenue. We are seeing a slower ramp of our clinical integration software. We are installing it in four different customers in North America. We have a pilot going on in the U.K. with a partner in British Telecom.  It’s not a shrink wrap-type installation. It requires several months to connect all the departments, the clinics, the hospitals in the network. We are at the beginning stages of the roll-out. It’s too early to call success, but keep in mind it’s a relatively small part of the overall company. On the margin side if you go back, and I’ll talk about really healthcare overall because that’s the broader entity, we had a pretty big loss in fiscal ’12. It was in the $18 million range. We reduced it last year to about $7 million. We’ve seen some contract losses again this year in the VA. The spend for software development on the commercial side, which has moved towards expense from being capitalized, is also causing us some losses in the fiscal ’14 area, and it’s undermining our progress. We lost about $8 million in the first half of the year in healthcare as a whole. We took a lot of actions in the second quarter which we think will improve our second half results, but clearly we need to see a customer ramp-up and higher revenues to drive us to being profitable in the healthcare business.
William Brown: I’m not sure we’ll get into the backlog, but I think we’ve said we’ve seen a trend moving from international being less than DoD in the past, especially when we had the pretty big ramp-up in fiscal ’10, ’11, to now international is higher than DoD. And I know Pam is going to cringe, but it’s probably in a 60/40 range, international to DoD this year on a revenue basis.
William Brown: I’ll ask maybe Gary on the public safety side. On the DoD side, our pipeline, 12- to 18-month pipeline is now about $900 million. You may recall we had $1.1 billion in the last call. About $250 million of the 900 is in pretty advanced stages of closure – it’s in proposal and closure phases. Mostly supported by fiscal ’13 and ’14 funding lines plus what we’ve always said some not-so-visible lines, about 55% of that backlog of—or that pipeline, rather, of $900 million is Air Force, is the Marine Corps, it’s SOCOM. It’s all the modernization activities there, all of which are standardizing on the Falcon 3. About 10% of our pipeline is Army BCT modernization. Last time, that was 25%, so about $250 million or so. Today, it’s 10% of the 900, so we’ve backed out based on what we’re seeing in those big HMS programs from our pipeline, because that’s moving out to the right. And the other 10%-ish is Army, there’s 10% of so that’s spares and services, a few other percentages that are more in specialized-type products – ISR, tablets and other things. But it’s $900 million today for DoD.
William Brown: Well, we look at this on a long-term basis, and nothing that we see today, no current event is changing our strategy on capital deployment. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders in a small, efficient way, and if you remember and go back the last three years, we’ve returned in the form of share repurchases and dividends about 90% of our free cash flow. We continue to target a dividend payout ratio of about 30%. As Gary mentioned, we now expect about $300 million in our share buyback. Joe, you remember going back a couple of years, we really have focused on free cash flow. It’s now become part of our executive incentive compensation metrics. We’re confident about achieving our full-year target of about 100% of net income, and we are fully funding all of our internal needs. We don’t see any significant M&A on the near-term horizon. We have no debt that’s due until the 2017 time period. We’re pretty comfortable with $300 million or so of cash on our books, which we typically carry towards the end of the year. And as you run all that math, it leaves us with some excess cash, some of which we’ve now chosen to return to shareholders in a step-up in our buyback in the second half. So that philosophy, that approach, that focus on free cash generation, I don’t expect is going to change going forward any time soon.
William Brown: Yeah, Noah, there was an industry day back in December, and there was some light shed on how the program is now expected to roll out. Overall, we’re seeing about a six to seven-month delay from what we had previously communicated. It’s primarily due to the change in acquisition strategy, which we view as a positive. We now see for the Rifleman radio program above HMS, we see the RFP coming out probably in the next month or so – we heard January, February of ’14, so in the next month, with an award probably the end of this calendar year. It says in the documents Q1 fiscal ’15, so I’d read into that December of this year with first shipments starting in March of ’15. For the Manpack, we expect the RFP to come out sometime around April of this year, so a couple months later. The award in Q2 of fiscal ’15, so again I read into that about March of calendar ’15 with a shipment that’s starting around April of 2015, all of which are in support of the NIE of 16.1 and the fielding for capabilities at 16.  So when you look at the numbers and where the movement is, we did pull this out of our 12- to 18-month pipeline, as I mentioned to Joe’s question. It then results in relatively limited sales for us at Harris Corporation in fiscal ’15, more of a ramp in that business more starting in fiscal ’16.
William Brown: I guess—you know, I do see a lot of our peer companies stepping up their efforts to sell internationally, and you hear that in a lot of the calls. I think for Harris, international has been a big focus for us over many, many years, and we have an extremely well established dealer base, especially on the tactical side, and we saw international revenue step back while the DoD was pushed pretty hard over the last five, six, seven years with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We are pushing international very, very heavily and have been since I came a couple of years ago. We’ve stepped up our focus. We’re driving it very hard. We’re putting resources in place. We recently announced the appointment of a new president of our Brazil operations and we’re putting some resources there. We’re pushing hard in the Middle East, we see good growth in Asia. So I think some of it is just what a lot of our peers are trying to do. I do think we have somewhat of an advantage because we have a very well established base and we’re driving it very hard. So our numbers, if you go back to fiscal ’10, our revenue coming from international sources as a percent of the total was around 10%. Last year it was around 26, and this year we expect it to be in the 29%-plus range. So I think overall, pretty good results.
William Brown: Yeah, we’ll see this year capital spending to be up over last year, and it’s really just a couple of things. One is we’ve got a building we’re constructing for the GCS business in Palm Bay, a new engineering facility which was started a number of years ago, and we’ expect to complete that by the end of this year or early calendar ’15; and then a pretty big software investment upgrade at RF communications. So those are the two biggest events, and that will drive our capital spending up as a whole this year for Harris.
William Brown: That’s a good question, Gautam, and I’m not sure we’ll get at the next six months. I think that’s cutting that a little bit tighter than we’d want, but I’m happy to comment on the shape of the pipeline and then you can read in what you wish. But as we mentioned, it’s about $2.2 billion. It’s about the same as the first quarter, and we have about $600 million that are in the proposal and closure phase, so I guess you could read that that is more near-term than the balance of the pipeline. It is very healthy. It continues to firm – we feel pretty good about that. As I said last time, more than half of it comes out of the Middle East and Asia. We know that Iraq is a big part of our pipeline. There’s a country in Africa. We see several other countries in the Middle East, a couple countries in central Asia. All are in that category that gives us confidence that more than half of it is coming from the Middle East and Asia. We see about 15% or so coming from coalition countries that are deploying wide-band, and you see that as some of the big order that came in Q2. In Australia, we see more opportunities over the next 12 to 18 months, and we see Latin America firming up – that’s about 15 to 20% of our pipeline. Brazil looks pretty good, Mexico looks pretty good, Colombia, a few other countries there are in that pipeline. And the rest would be just a group of smaller countries sprinkled in there. So that sort of gives us some characterization of our overall pipeline. I wouldn’t comment more than that on what the next six months may look like.Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Fair enough. Within the Middle Eastern piece, which it seems like you have a concentration, are there any that stand out as particularly large awards, and if you could just give us a sense for the size of those. I mean, Iraq you’ve mentioned in the past, but—
William Brown: Yeah, what we’ve talked about is—I mean, Saudi’s got a pretty big long-term pipeline. Certainly Iraq is pretty sizeable. UAE is a good opportunity for us. I think those are the more significant ones, but there are opportunities going forward in, we believe, Oman and Yemen and Jordan and other places. But I think those are the biggest ones.Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: And then if you could just comment—I mean, on the HMS multi-vendor, how do you expect to—how are you going to manage margins in that environment, because presumably with multi-vendor, you’re going to have persistent price competition on the incremental orders. So if you could just walk through what you expect pricing to do over the next several years and how you expect to manage the margins, thanks.
William Brown: Yeah, we really don’t know, Gautam, at this point. In fact, we believe there’s going to be multiple vendors – going to be at least two – and it depends on what the program of record does – is it going bidding as one or is it going to be bidding as two on the Manpack and the Rifleman? And it depends. So if they bid as two and us, that could be three awards. How the government decides to split it up is unknown to us. We’re confident that there’s a long-term, big opportunity based on the acquisition objective, which in the ADM that came out in December didn’t—it was reemphasizing the same sets of numbers that we’ve seen in the past in terms of the Manpack. So we don’t know how many bidders are going to be there, but we fully expect to be one and we fully expect to win our fair share of the awards going forward.Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Thanks a lot.
William Brown: You know, it’s really both actually. We are winning more content on existing rigs, and we are finding ways of winning share in some of the new vessels that are being launched, so it’s really both of them, Josh.
William Brown: You know, we’re not going to get into the specific details of how the contract has been constructed. It is a five-year deal. We are precluded from talking about the amount of the deal, but similar to what we see elsewhere in CapRock, there is equipment installation up front but then there is recurring revenue that comes back over time. I don’t think we’ll talk more about the contract structure than that.
William Brown: Well, I think it’s too soon to talk about fiscal ’15. We just saw some of the line item detail in the appropriations on fiscal ’14. We know that we have a top line number for DoD in fiscal ’14. We’re four to six weeks away, I believe, from a President’s budget coming out that would give us, I think, a little more insight into his and the DoD’s spending priorities on how much they will plan to spend on force structure versus investment accounts and modernization. And once we know that, we’ll know more about that the shape of ’15 looks like than we know today, so I wouldn’t get out beyond talking about fiscal ’14 at this point. We’ll share with you as we learn more about that budget and it’s implications for Harris going forward.Rich Valera – Needham & Co.: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful, Bill.
Gary McArthur: Sure Yair, let me touch on that. What we’re really seeing is further weakness in the government areas of CapRock and in healthcare being more severe than expected. As we talked about in my remarks, competitive pressures are higher than we thought they would be. I think the government reduction in spending in these areas has only increased that. Now, we’ve taken steps that we think will make us more cost competitive in the back half, but we do see that that part of the business is going to more than offset what we expect to have as double-digit growth in the CapRock, energy and maritime businesses, and hits doing a little bit better than the 10% down we said in the first half. We think it will be now kind of low single digits down in the second half, is why we came up with the guidance that we just provided.
Gary McArthur: On the public safety side, Joe, the pipeline is pretty healthy at $2.4 billion, and looking at the make-up of the pipeline, there’s a lot of different opportunities across the board in the state and local. It really isn’t the pipeline that’s the issues; it’s projects moving to the right and our win rate isn’t where it needs to be, is the key area we’ve got to improve on.
Gary McArthur: Yeah, I’d say year-over-year it will be up about $70 million just in those two areas - $50 million up this year in the building and about $20 million higher year-over-year for the software. And total CAPEX, I think we report in the Q and we’re expecting around $250 million for capital expenditures this year.
