Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a very strong balance sheet quarter for Harris. We ended the quarter with $406 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. Return on invested capital was 21%. Return on equity 25% and debt to total capital was 36% down from its recent high of 41% following the May 2009 Tyco wireless acquisition. Further our entire $750 million revolving credit facility is available to us with no long-term debt maturities coming due until October 2015. Cash flow from operations increased $99 million to $314 million versus $215 million in the third quarter of the prior year. Primarily, as a result of strong performance at our RF communications and government communications system segments. In light of this, we are increasing our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2010 to arrange of $700 million to $725 million up from our previous guidance of $650 million to $700 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $40 million as compared to $44 million for the third quarter of 2009. Our expectation for depreciation amortization for fiscal year 2010 continues to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. Capital expenditures were $94 million for the third quarter, as compared to $30 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2009 and included the acquisition of new 573,000 square foot manufacturing facility near Rochester, New York, where four existing RF communications manufacturing sites will be consolidated. And the purchase of a new facility in the mid Atlantic region for use by our government communications system business, our guidance for fiscal year 2010 for CapEx is now $200 million to $210 million, up from our previous guidance of between $150 million and $160 million. During the quarter, we used $50 million to repurchase 1.1 million shares of our outstanding stock at an average price of $44.63 per share. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 32.6% and assuming the investment research and development credit is enacted by congress in our fourth quarter, our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2010 is now 33.3%. Our initial outlook for the 2011 full year tax rate is 34%. However, the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as result of discrete tax events. Other areas of guidance for fiscal 2011 are as follows. Cash flow from operations a range of $675 million to $725 million. Depreciation and amortization from $100 million to $180 million and capital expenditures including capitalized software a range of $200 million to $210 million. Our current priorities for cash that is expected to be generated remain the same. One, fund internal investments to drive growth and generate higher earnings. Two, acquire companies that meet our strategic objectives and enhance financial returns, three pay appropriate dividends or targeting a payout ratio of 20%. And four, repurchase shares. In summary, we expect to finish fiscal 2010 on a very strong financial foundation, with expectations for another solid year in fiscal 2011. Back to you, Howard.
Gary McArthur: A little hard to say, Larry. You know that we are going to be starting the year with a very large backlog. And still have DoD priority shipment requirements for the MRAP vehicles. So, certainly that is going to be a factor. But we also have a lot of other opportunities in the pipeline. So, I just don't have tremendous visibility, would like to wait until probably the next quarter. Once it is done, we have a real good view then to backlog. And orders expected in the first half were probably to provide a little more color. But I think, we will come out of the gate pretty strong in the first quarter as a result of that very strong starting backlog.
Gary McArthur: Absolutely. As we have discussed, orders, International orders this year we expect to be much higher than revenue, because we had to defer the shipment of many International customer orders because of the requirements to ship the MRAP vehicle radios this year. So, we do expect to see a significant growth in International. I don't know exactly what the split next year will be. A year or so ago, we were kind of 60/40 DoD and International that skewed a little bit this year because of which I certainly would expect as directionally to go back more toward where we were in the past.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Before we open the line up for your questions, let me provide some additional perspective on the revisions and increases we have made to our earnings outlook for fiscal 2010. And a little color around our initial earnings guidance for fiscal 2011. First, for 2010, we have once again increased our full-year non-GAAP earnings guidance to a new range of $4.35 to $4.45 per share. It represents a $0.10 per share increase compared to the previous range of $4.25 to $4.35 per share. Revenue in fiscal 2010 is still expected to be $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion. In the RF communications segment, fiscal 2010 revenue is now expected to be in the range of 18% to 19% higher than fiscal 2009. Now, this includes the contribution of course, the acquired public safety and professional communications business, coming in at about $500 million. Segment operating margin for the year. For the RF communications segment is now projected to be higher in the range of 34%, 35%, as compared to our previous guidance of 33%. The higher operating margin continues to be driven by more favorable tactical radio product mix, cost reductions and improving operational efficiencies. The acquired public safety and professional communications business is performing that as expected this year. For government communications systems, we expect revenue for fiscal 2010 to be about flat with the prior year on a reported basis. Now, after you adjust it for the impact of acquisitions and excluding the ending of the FIDCO program, the guidance reflects with a very strong organic growth for the year of about 8%. And operating margins are still expected to be about 12.5% for fiscal 2010. In Broadcast Communications for fiscal 2010, we reduced expected revenue to a new range of $480 million to $490 million. We expect an operating loss of about $20 million the year including $10 billion of that related to restructuring charges. The reduction in segment income, since our previous guidance is based on the lower sales volume somewhat higher investments in International and New Media markets and higher restructuring charges associated with additional cost reduction actions. So, that's fiscal 2010. Let me move on now to fiscal 2011. Of course, we are very pleased to initiate earnings guidance in a range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share, 3% to 6% above our fiscal 2010 guidance mid point. Revenue in fiscal 2011 is expected to be $5.5 to $5.6 billions. About 5% to 7% higher than fiscal 2010 guidance. Talk a little bit about the segments. For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is expected to be 6% to 8% higher than fiscal 2010. This includes the public safety and professional communications business in fiscal '11 at $540 million to $550 million, about 8% to 10% higher in fiscal 2010. Segment operating margin for 2011 is expected to be in a range of 32% to 33%. It is about 200 basis points lower than fiscal 2010. As the impact of more typical, tactical radio product mix is partially offset by higher public safety and professional communications business margins. We will continue to actively invest in R&D programs. To further enhance the capabilities of our current products and to introduce additional new products into adjacent markets. Moving to the government communications system segment. We expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 5% to 7% higher than fiscal 2010. Operating margin is expected to be 11.5%. That is about 100 basis points lower than fiscal 2010. This is due to the impact of lower pricing on the follow on contracts for the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet program and the FTI program still very strong margins. For the Broadcast Communications segment, we are projecting modest revenue growth in fiscal 2011 in the range of $490 million to $510 million with breakeven operating results. Additionally, for fiscal 2011, we expect net interest expense to be about flat with this year while unallocated corporate expense will be lower than this year in a range of $76 million to $78 million. At this time, I will ask the operator to now open the line and we'll be pleased to field your questions.
Howard Lance: Right so, for what we call Phase I, which is the first 6,644 vehicles, year-to-date orders totaled 719 million. And we are in the same place we were last call with regard to opportunities in the Phase II, which we have said at the time were up to about $300 million. And we still think that's a reasonable range, as you indicated, we did receive the first order $101 million and we have potential, we think of maybe up to another 200 on top of that.
Howard Lance: We remain very confident that the capabilities of the 117G will lead to its broad deployment across multiple different applications in the army as well as the other services where we have seen great success. In terms of any specific timing, I don't have anything to share with you. But we are making significant process, as the radios are field dated and as I talked about in my prepared statement, as customers are able to see the real value in their day-to-day mission accomplishments from the radio. That is more value than any amount of advertising or demos that we could perform. So, the troops on the ground are the greatest advocates. And we are very confident we will continue to see a success. And the accelerating orders in the Falcon III not only from U.S. but as we have indicated now starting it with the International customers.
Howard Lance: Well, on the latter part of your question Chris, we certainly hope so. To date, I think, specifically around the FAME program, it represents about $11 million of revenue. So, on year-to-date basis that's may be 2%, 3%. I think the opportunity pipeline certainly could have that growing to the 5%, and maybe a year or two out, maybe as much as 10% of revenue. So, we think, it is a significant driver. Not just with the products we are offering now the solution but, we are continuing to enhance that with additional products. : :
Howard Lance: No, I think, we primarily would think about that in terms serving the needs of the U.S. as they continue to deal with this very, very large and growing amount of video surveillance content and how they actually utilize it to make real time decisions and create value out of that intelligence that is being gathered.
Howard Lance: Not in specific, certainly Joe a portion of that will be the Phase II MRAP vehicles, the orders we received. Some of Phase I won't ship until our next fiscal year. And then the upside opportunity from MRAP, so MRAP will be an element of that. Certainly continued adoption and acceleration of the 117G is going to be an important part as well. And then International market, we think make up the rest of that guidance. DoD is expected to be lower in revenue than this year, but more than compensated by the International growth and all in all we think the tactical radio communication business will be up year-over-year, as we have indicated in the preliminary guidance. As we moved to the next quarter and get through the first quarter, I am sure, we will have more granularity around the make up of the business as you start to see other orders get announced.
Howard Lance: I am not sure I have that at my finger tips, Jim. So, I don't really want to quote something that turns out to be wrong. I think its, I am going to suggest, it is probably more than 50% is International because we have held some of the orders this year but I might not be right on that, because quantity of DoD orders is still very large.
Howard Lance: Yes. Higher. And so, it is helping to mitigate some of the reduction and tactical radio margins that we are providing in this initial guidance, as a result of expectations of more typical product and program mix. So, the tactical radio, margins mitigate a little bit, although they are still very good. And then, we get the benefit of some improvements in the public safety margins. When we bought that company, herein I talked in terms of our goal of about 500 basis points of improvement over a three to four year period. And so, we are, I think, at this point, we would say very much on track to achieve that and have kind of baked that into the initial guidance for next year.
