William M. Brown: Okay, thank you, Gary. We're focused on positioning our company for continued success in an increasingly challenging and uncertain environment. Over the past 6 months, I spent a considerable amount of time in Washington meeting with administration officials and elected representatives, who are all wrestling with the trade-offs and tough choices to tackle the deficit problem we face as a nation. How that debate plays out in an election year has significant implications for our company, the defense industry and our nation as a whole. And I don't expect much more clarity on the situation until we're well into our next fiscal year.  In that environment, we'll continue to focus on the things we control, aggressively addressing our cost structure and relentlessly driving productivity, improving cash generation and conservatively deploying capital with a focus on rewarding shareholders through dividends and share buyback, maintaining a healthy balance sheet and investing appropriately in technology innovation to improve our competitive position. We have very strong core franchise businesses led by an outstanding team that's committed to satisfying our customers and creating shareholder value.  And on June 4, I look forward to talking to you more about our plans for next year and beyond. And with that, I'd now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Yes, Carter, thank you. It was a pretty long conversation with the board over the last 6 months, but it's not a new topic with our board. It's been discussed quite frequently over the last several years, given where Broadcast happens to be and some of the charges that have been taken in the past. And it's been an active discussion with our board on is it a fit? How do we make it better? What is the timing if we decide to exit? All those topic tend to come up quite a bit, and we had a long conversation about that. In our view, given the tough environment that we're facing, we think it's important for us to just focus our resources, including our management time and attention, on the businesses that we know to be core to our company so we can be successful into FY '13 and beyond.
William M. Brown: Yes, the revenue for next year for RF will be down 3% to 4%, as we showed on the guidance page. The Tactical Communications business we expect to be down mid- to high single-digits. We expect PSPC to be up high single-digits.
William M. Brown: As Gary went through in some detail, we don't contemplate in any of the guidance or discussions today sequestration because, like everybody else, we don't know if, how much, is it going to be across the board, is it going to be targeted? So we really can't comment on any hypothetical scenarios or what the impact may be to the company. But we've done some contingency planning that we can quickly adjust our cost structure if it happens. And one of the things that is on our mind, it's a near-term concern, is the potential impact on our first half, given the likelihood of a continuing resolution and some uncertainty around sequestration that it may cause some of our customers to push things out of it. We're in a situation where our fiscal year straddles sequestration. So our first half will come into play later this year with a potential continuing resolution. But relative to that, keep in mind, our content on large high-profile platforms is relatively modest. Our products, in our view, are closely aligned with where the DoD has stated their priorities to be, smaller, more nimble, more capable fighting force, a network battlefield, special ops, all of which we have some strength in. And also helping us as well is what we see to be some strength in the international business, which, as you know, was a little bit more than half our Tactical Communications business. So we are anticipating that there will be a CR that will put some pressure in the first half, but I think the bigger issue is the looming sequestration.
William M. Brown: Yes, specifically on the ROS on INS is also impacted by margin erosion in healthcare. We said before it was going to be profitable. Now it won't be, and that's a key part of it.
William M. Brown: What we have done is assumed that a transaction takes place at the end of this calendar year, so mid our fiscal year, and $200 million, whatever the proceeds happen to be, will be used to deploy into share buyback in the third quarter of next year. And that's what we've assumed. As Gary mentioned, we've just initiated a process to launch a sale, but we're just getting started.
William M. Brown: Well, what we're going to do today is provide you an outlook for '12 and where we're at in '13. Anything beyond that, I think, is going to come to a conversation later on in June. But I think I may take exception and correct you on the bleeding. It's been certainly one of the most successful franchises we own. It's doing extremely well. It's a global market leader, a leader in the U.S. with exceptionally strong margin. It's a fantastic team, outstanding technology. And in fact, one of the things that we're doing in the guidance in FY '13 with margins coming down is investing in R&D to grow the business over time. So I wouldn't say it's a bleeding business. I would say it's actually an extremely successful one.
William M. Brown: We understand, and we'll provide more in early June. But as we see -- going into next year, we do see, not unexpectedly, some softness in U.S. DoD tactical radios, and we have anticipated that. But fortunately, we're seeing some strength in the international arena.
William M. Brown: I think we're going to come back to that in early June, because we can give you a little bit more sense not just in what's happening with the investment, but more importantly, what we're spending it on and why we think it's important. But I would say if you look on page that shows the margins, we're going this year from about 33% to about 30% to 31% next year, and half of that decline is relative to gross margin. Part of it is just mix between PSPC and the tactical business. Part of it is price. Part of it is volume. The other piece of -- the other half of the margin erosion comes from investments we're making, principally in R&D.
William M. Brown: I don't think I would necessarily conclude that. I think for the near term, we don't see a lot of M&A activity happening at Harris. Frankly, we've got our plate a little bit full right now with what we're doing with Cyber and with Broadcast and just with the overall environment and me understanding and resetting the strategy. But M&A will clearly play a role in our long-term strategy at the company, and I expect we'll get back to that. And there will be some balance between share buyback and M&A.
William M. Brown: What we said was we would use $200 million from whatever the proceeds were for divesting Broadcast to buy back shares. Our assumption is that the transaction closes at the end of this calendar year, so we use that proceeds of $200 million in Q3 FY '13. We fully expect that the proceeds will be substantially higher than that $200 million. [indiscernible]
William M. Brown: No. Like I said, we've truly have just initiated the internal process of the launch of sale, so we're not even close. Now you mentioned about Cyber. We do expect that to conclude towards the end of this fiscal year or into early FY '13, and that will be incorporated into our cash flow guidance.
William M. Brown: Maybe I'll start with that and, Gary, and pass it to you. Clearly, we do have expectations for continuing growth and margin expansion in CapRock, which is benefiting from very, very solid integration work over the last year. And we do expect to drive the healthcare business from a loss to profitability in FY '13. And I'd say those are the 2 biggest factors that would drive it. I don't know if you want to...
William M. Brown: The charge we're taking in Q4 is about $5 million, and it's for -- obviously, it's just a charge for the employment reduction. But when I add in employment, employees plus contractors, we're anticipating a reduction across the company of about 2% of our total population of contractors and employees, and it's -- I'm not going to talk about the specifics about where that's going to be, but that's what drives the very substantial payback in FY '13.
William M. Brown: I mean, maybe I'll start and maybe toss it to Gary. I think on a year-to-date basis, our book-to-bill is just less -- it's a little less than 1, it's about 0.96. And we've had a very nice Q3, very strong international orders. Of course, we don't and we won't today provide any sort of guidance around orders or when they're going to happen or project a year-end backlog. But so far, year-to-date and on an LTM basis as well, the book-to-bill has been relatively good. I don't know if, Gary, you want to...
William M. Brown: We're going to -- I'm going to defer that to later in the year when we actually start the process and start seeing what the activity happens to be. I don't think I would comment on any structure. Our intention today is to divest the business in a sale with cash returning to the company.
William M. Brown: Again, I'm going to push that to a later conversation. I don't think I want to speculate today on where across the portfolio we're going to invest cash proceeds or cash in terms of an M&A perspective. Clearly, I did reference the increasing investment we'll see in R&D next year in our RF business, both in Tactical Communications as well as PSPC. We'll also see a little more R&D spending, internal Iraq [ph] spending at our Government Communications business as we invest in developing products and innovation for future growth. But that's really the things we're going to focus internally. We're clearly getting back to what are the businesses at our core and making sure they're fully funded and are successful.
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to give today any more granularity on INS or GCS. I did provide, I think, quite a bit of insight into our thinking on the RF business for obvious reasons. But I think I'm going to push out into early June any further conversation on guidance on INS.
William M. Brown: Well, I think the issue in the quarter is what we've seen over the last 6 to 9 months is in the commercial -- first of all, the government healthcare side of our business is performing very, very well, and we're thrilled with that. We're executing well. We're winning new contracts, and we're feeling very, very good about that. And if you can recall in the last earnings release, I talked about our ability to sort port some of those capabilities from the government side into commercial. Last year, we bought a company called Carefx. Clearly in the commercial side, the market is still evolving. Needs of customers aren't entirely well-defined, which sometimes requires a higher-cost customization of the software, and that's what we're seeing now in some of the losses that are occurring. But we see ourselves evolving the product. We think costs will come down. We think conversion rate of opportunities to orders should improve, and we expect that business to be profitable in next year. So I think that's the direction we'd give today.
Gary L. McArthur: Okay, Carter, talking first to Public Safety and Professional Communications, we do see a very strong pipeline. There's opportunities like the San Francisco mass transit authority ahead of us, opportunities in Trinidad, some big opportunities that will help. We obviously have good wins in the past from what we win in the province of Alberta and the state of Oregon, so that business is very well positioned. If you go to the IT Services business, as I mentioned, we did lose the Patriot program, which is impacting this year pretty substantially. I think it's down $67 million year-over-year, as expected. And then we have seen just a pretty tough IT spending environment. It seems like the U.S. Government is just not spending dollars where they don't need to, and a lot of awards are moving to the right, and so that's been pretty tough for us. I think the good news, though, is we're not seeing continued weakening. I think it's starting to look like it's bottoming out, and we're feeling good about where we're ending up, I guess, for our guidance for the year now that these changes have occurred and where we expect it to go next year.
Gary L. McArthur: That is correct with regards to RF and Government Communications, no change at all to the forecast. I think -- to the guidance. I think I gave the specifics on the Integrated Network Solutions. And if you just looked at kind of guidance where it was and guidance where we're coming out now and, big picture, moving Cyber into discontinued operations, there was a plus up. And then by moving Broadcast into discontinued operations and then the lower income and revenue and Integrated Network Solutions, those were both down as well as the restructuring charges that we're taking in the fourth quarter. So net-net, that's kind of where we're at.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, in '12, it's $10 million to $12 million is the range that we're giving. And for FY '13, it's actually $2 million to $3 million of expense, which is returning to kind of our historical levels. This year, we benefited from some royalty income kind of one-off patent sales. We don't plan for those. We do have a team that works on that, and they come in kind of intermittently. So this year, definitely $10 million to $12 million. Next year, an expense of $2 million to $3 million is what's in our guidance.
Gary L. McArthur: Right now, we're looking at it more as flattish to up, not flat to down, but not seeing strong growth. So that's kind of what's baked into our guidance based on the environment we're seeing.
Gary L. McArthur: There was some additional software that we decided to throw into the mix, and then we also had some lower prices on the building than what we expected. Those are the, really, the 2 main components, and the number we did give you does include the losses from the business as well. So if you took the $100 million, I think you get down to what we said, the $70 million to $80 million. We're still in the kind of high-80s of where we're coming out on the building and some additional software and stuff we threw in, and then the rest of it is the losses just from the business.
Gary L. McArthur: I haven't done the math specifically. But as I said on the call, the business overall was down about $67 million from Patriot. I don't have right in front of me last year and where we're at, but it has declined some. In the quarter, it was almost all Patriot. And rather than just guessing it, let me do the math and get back to you.
Gary L. McArthur: About 1% higher, about 0.8%, to be precise on the math. So it's in that 1% higher range if we do not get the R&D investment tax credit next year.
Gary L. McArthur: I think I'll probably reserve some of that for, again, our Investor Day in June, but we did give some guidance when we raised our dividend that we're now targeting a 25% payout ratio, so that kind of brackets where we've been on dividends. And we've been actively over the last several years in the market buying back a couple of hundred million dollars of our stock I talked about this year. That's kind of our normal practice again for '13. That's our expectation, and then we'll use some of the proceeds from broadcast to add to that. So I think that 25% payout ratio and around a couple of hundred million a year is at least our current thinking.
Gary L. McArthur: No, I think you hit the 2 main ones, Bill. And as I said, IT Services pretty flattish on the revenue side, and the margins won't change dramatically.
Gary L. McArthur: No, I think you've covered it again, Bill. I mean, we have had -- we won a great IDIQ contract with the Special Forces. We see another one coming up with the JPO office on seizures, and we did some initial orders. I would still expect that, as in the past, our orders are pretty lumpy from one quarter to the next and won't necessarily change. So some quarters, we're up, as this one. Last quarter, we were down some overall. As Bill said, year-to-date, 0.96 book-to-bill. And we're just not going to get into the pattern of trying to predict where that's going to be.
Gary L. McArthur: There's good opportunities, again, in the countries that we've talked about, and they're hard to predict timing. But you've got the country in Central Asia. You've got Iraq. You've got a country in Northern Africa. You've now got Australia that we're into Phase 2, and other phases will come. We mentioned Brazil as having opportunity. And so it's hard to predict whether they'll do that in steps, or sometimes you get a big award. And so I'll just leave it at that.
Gary L. McArthur: We're feeling pretty good, Josephine, about the visibility on the funding. Basically, about 80% of the revenue that we're forecasting for FY '13 U.S. DoD is already either funded from backlog or in the GY government budget of '12, so leaving only 20% of the funding to come from FY '13 appropriations. So overall, it doesn't come from any particular one line item. Some of them are easy to identify, but we've sat down with our RF team and gone through every line item of where that revenue is expected to come from. And as I said, 80% of it, of what we're expecting next year is already funded.
