Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris. I'll start with consolidated results for the quarter. Demand remains high, and in the second quarter we were awarded over $5 billion in new awards, resulting in a book-to-bill of $1.0, and total backlog of $32 billion. We were awarded a nearly $900 million contract for the delivery of electronic time fuses, which play a crucial role in replenishing our nation's critical ammunitions inventory. We were also awarded a $1 billion IDIQ contract with an initial task order of $123 million to supply the next lot of multi-functional information distribution systems, jitters terminals to the U.S. Navy, leveraging the unique capabilities of the TDL product line that we acquired last year. Consolidated revenue grew 13% or 1% organically. Operating margins continued to be strong, expanding to 15.6%, up 80 basis points, reflecting improved operational and program performance across all segments with LHX NeXt cost savings contributing. Chris highlighted our EPS growth of 9% as a result of strong operational performance. I'd like to add that on a pension-adjusted basis, second quarter EPS was up 13% as profitable growth drops to the bottom line. Free cash flow was 714 million for the second quarter driven by increased operating income and improved working capital performance. In the quarter, we repaid a $350 million note which helped reduce our net leverage to 3.2 times down from 3.5 times in the previous quarter. By segment, organic growth within our communication system segment was over 4% from higher production rates and deliveries of resilient communication products. Space and airborne systems segment revenue was flat with growth in space systems and classified programs offset by lower volumes in our airborne combat systems business as we focus on negotiating appropriate business terms. Integrated Mission Systems revenue was also flat as higher volumes on maritime programs were offset by lower volume in our commercial aviation business. Aerojet Rocketdyne contributed almost 600 million of revenue for the second quarter. Turning to margins, CS reported margins of 24.4%, down slightly over year, reflecting the timing of software sales and higher DOD revenue mix, which is first half-weighted as we've previously discussed. This was partially offset by LHX NeXt cost savings and the favorable net one-time impact of legal settlements. We continue to expect higher international mix and margin opportunity in the second half. In SAS, margin expanded 280 basis points to 12.6% as we continue to see progress on development programs maturing to production and realize the benefits of our LHX NeXt initiatives. IMS continues to make progress on program performance and LHX NeXt resulting in a margin of 11.9%, a 260 basis point increase versus the prior year. Consistent with a plan to rationalize our footprint outlined at Investor Day, we completed the consolidation of three facilities in this segment in the second quarter. Aerojet Rocketdyne reported margins of 12.9%, which included $22 million of amortization of purchase accounting adjustments. With the acquisition now one year behind us, we are wrapping up the purchase accounting period. With respect to the purchase accounting fair value adjustments for loss provisions and off-market contracts, I'll point out these reflect adjustments to baseline contract performance as of the date of acquisition and are not impacted by our subsequent operational improvements, which we expect to see continuing improvement from in our future margin profile. Simply, the adjustments reflect a more informed assessment of the state of legacy contracts as of the date of acquisition close. Finally, turning to guidance. Given our strong first half performance, we are increasing guidance for revenue, margin rate, and EPS, which we've outlined in our earnings release and presentation. We now expect EPS in the range of $12.85 per share to $13.15 per share, and we are reiterating free cash flow guidance of $2.2 billion. The increased guide for revenue, margin, and EPS incorporates solid growth and operational performance in the first half of the year, and a few more months of additional revenue from our commercial aviation business with the pending divestiture now expected to close in the second half. We're pleased with our performance through the first half of the year, highlighted by a year-to-date book-to-bill of 1.03, organic revenue growth of 3%, and sequentially increasing segment operating margin and sequentially increasing segment operating margin and we remain confident in delivering on our commitments to customers and shareholders. Rob, lets open the line for questions.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Seth. I appreciate it. I would say, as we look back at Investor Day and the midterm financial framework that we set out, growing to $23 billion in revenue in 2026, 16% margins and $2.8 billion of free cash flow in that period. I think where we are today gives us more confidence in delivering to that framework. And if you think about the businesses, they have been performing well. I think we've got the programs performing the work we're doing around, program excellence is paying off. I think that if you look at our guide across the segments where we've picked up SAS margin a bit, same with IMS and CS as well. So -- and then if you look at the business, first half of the year, we're at 15.3% growing from, I think it was 14.8% last year. We're making solid progress towards that 16%. I would say that we feel better about it. And we are trying to reflect that in the guidance updates that we're making again, pickups across three segments. And then picking up margin from where we were kicking off 2024 at about 15% to pick it up to a range of 15.2% to 15.4%. So really making good progress towards that framework. I think we're building confidence quarter-by-quarter. And as we progress through the year and then get into 2025, we'll try to provide better clarity around our progress on that. And again, building confidence and maybe it's something that we'll see some acceleration on.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, David. Appreciate it. From an IMS perspective, I would say a couple of things. One, we're really happy to see the performance that IMS has had in the first half of the year. I think the programs are performing well, and that's delivering solid margins for us and significant growth over the first half of 2023. In terms of the margin profile between first half and second half, a couple of things. One, we did have some favorable commercial mix in the first half in terms of electro optical, more kind of commercial type of business within IMS. And then we are starting to see the benefits of LHX NeXt cost savings, those should endure as well. But from a first half, second half perspective, I think it's two things. One, just the mix commercial. We are going to see growth in IMS in the second half. We talked a little bit about the first half within IMS, having a little bit of growth headwinds with respect to ISR and some aircraft procurements in the first half of 2023. As that abates we may see some mix that moves a little bit more towards ISR, some of the businesses that aren't as highly profitable as some of the commercial businesses in there. But the fact of the matter is we've got to perform in the second half. I think our guide is solid. At IMS, we picked it up to low to mid 11%. We're sitting at 11.7% year-to-date. So I think building confidence in our IMS team and their ability to perform and biggest impact would be the mix as we look at the second half.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes, Sheila, from a margin perspective, I would say as we look at SAS, I think the biggest contributor to margin performance in the first half really has been the implementation of the LHX NeXt program. I think the team there has really embraced the program worked really hard to get their cost structure where it needs to be and think about kind of how we deliver capability as we look forward. Secondly, I would say we did take on, and Chris mentioned a great example of it, which is SDA where we took on some challenging development work. It was a near adjacency moving out of high-resolution weather imagery into missile defense with similar sensors. And as we work through those development programs in 2023 and now we are moving into the production phase, so off of Tranche 0 into Tranche 1, increasing quantities and then starting to see some volume as we move into Tranche 2, I think it's a business model that's really starting to pay off for SAS. So feel good about not just the margin profile but I think importantly, some of the bets that we made, really starting to pay dividends in terms of our ability to perform and I think identifying the right bets to make with our limited resources. So feel good about SAS and in particular, I think, very strategic areas of growth in particular space and the Intel and Cyber business, much of which is classified, but real solid opportunity there, and we see, I think, a solid growing and performing business.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Yes. In terms of the profile, Michael, I would say we've very clearly been focused, and we talked about this on previous calls, I believe, really focused on integrating Aerojet into L3Harris. We've overdelivered, I think, on the integration savings and now the team is really focused on the long-term health of the business, the operational improvements that Chris talked about. And we're really not trying to drive the business for any particular quarter results. I will mention, Aerojet is primarily on the cost-to-cost percentage of completion, basis. And as we look at the second half, we've seen as we're working with the supply chain that we should start to see some deliveries from our suppliers accelerate, which will drive some of the growth in the second half. And as we continue to see that business grow, I think that profile will continue to build for us, not just in the second half of 2024, but into 2025. So I think the business is being positioned very well. And as that work has been done and a great job by the Aerojet team in doing that, I think it really enables us to start to focus on to Chris' point, delivering product, working with the supply base, working on the facilitization, the equipment, the improvements that we're making and using that kind of as a baseline to start to drive the growth and the opportunities that we see in Aerojet. So I feel really good about that. But I would say the biggest thing is just really working with the suppliers and getting the product in the door so that we can get the critical capabilities out to our customers.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes, Scott, it's Ken here. I would say from a growth perspective we're providing guidance for the year by segment. I think we've -- in the Investor Day, given a solid midterm financial framework with our growth of $23 billion in sales. And in terms of kind of how we guide, what we guide, and when we provide information, we're comfortable with the process that we're working through and feel like we've given a good set of transparency with the guidance across each of the segments. And book-to-bill itself can be a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter. I think it's more relevant to think about on a long-term basis, and that's why we're really focused on providing that in annual disclosure. So we don't kind of get lost in the weeds on any particular quarter scenario. But in terms of the question around book-to-bill at Aerojet, I think we've seen an order or two sliding from the first half into the second half but we're still planning to see a real solid book-to-bill for Aerojet for full year 2024.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure, Peter. I appreciate the question. With respect to Aerojet, I would say, look, the business is performing well halfway through the year. We're happy about the margin performance. There's certainly some aspects of mix in terms of which programs are seeing the volumes at which point through the year as well as we performed in the first half, we were able to see some positive program performance that we've got to go do again in the second half of the year. So we feel good about how Aerojet Rocketdyne is performing. And it's been about a year since we've integrated this business, and we're continuing to learn more. I think you saw that the purchase accounting period ended as well. So we've got that kind of information behind us better informed with the improvements that we're making and how we're driving operational improvements in the business. And we'll work to continue to deliver on that in the second half and see if we can replicate what we did in the first half of the year.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Rob, it's tough to look at one quarter for a bookings or book-to-bill ratio for year-to-date. We're feeling pretty good as to what we've been able to book, had a great first quarter. So one quarter doesn't make a year. I think our portfolio is well positioned, and we're continuing to be disciplined in what we bid. And I think you're seeing that in the results, especially on the margin front. Some of the prior strategic decisions we made to invest and go after prime positions with SDA for satellites, maybe changing our waveform strategy, what we're doing with counter UAS with VAMPIRE winning billable [ph] watch. All those programs are starting to pay off. And as Ken mentioned, we've really upped our program management and execution with training new tools, hiring experienced hires externally where appropriate. And we talk about bidding discipline. Just making sure we have the right contract type. I think we were one of the first to come out and say, we are not going to bid fixed-price development programs with options at the proposal process. And we're doing a lot better, getting the cost basis and asking for a reasonable fee. So we're taking our time, and we're negotiating. And I would expect the third quarter, we'll see a bump relative to the book-to-bill.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Absolutely. I actually was in attendance at the defense summit as part of the NATO Summit in D.C. with the various Ministers of Defense and international customer leadership. And it was a different tone than in the past. And I think you're hitting on an excellent point. I think most U.S. companies don't view Europe as a growth market or even much of a market because of the indigenous capabilities that exist. But the theme at the NATO Summit was all about interoperability and the need for these countries to either bundle acquisitions or have their products work and with the conflict in Ukraine I think everybody sees the benefit of the interoperability, not only amongst the 32 member countries, which includes the U.S., but given the threat profile in Europe. So in our case, we look at our software-defined radios as a perfect example. I think we're uniquely positioned there and there was a lot of interest in that. And back at the envelope, we think this could be 100,000 radio opportunity in the years ahead. So Europe is one of our larger markets that we're now going after for all the reasons you mentioned, Ron. And I think that's a nice upside for 2024 and it should give us some tailwind in the years ahead.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. Thanks for that question, Kristine. I'll just say I thought it was a good review. We all learned from the process, and I'd say all parties, both the members of the Ad Hoc business review committee and management benefited from the discussion and it has no change on our 2026 financial framework. And the ideas, suggestions, and discussions were beneficial, and we're already implementing some recommendations, and we'll continue to do so throughout the year.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Myles. As I said, we have about $32 billion in backlog way up from when the company was formed five years ago. I guess I really see three major areas. The DoD modernization we've been talking about for quite some time. And if you go back, there was a basis of issue, what we call BOI to buy 480,000 radios from us and our competitors. To date, we've delivered 180,000. So there's still a 300,000 radio opportunity. And clearly, as these IDIQs have annual task orders we've been rather successful in winning our fair share or more than our fair share. And I expect that to continue. During the pandemic, we actually invested in capacity up in Rochester. We've come up with some new techniques. We have what we call our Smart cell, which is a different way of integrating radios. We've seen our yields improve. We're using a smaller footprint and it's really changing the way that we integrate our radios. We continue to invest in software. We have some new wave forms and I think it's important to remember, these are software-defined radios. So the hardware probably has a 10 to 15-year life. So there'll be a replenishment of that. But more importantly, there's a continuous demand for the software and the upgrade. So the DoD modernization as far as we can see, continues to look good, the budgets will come out and they'll adjust the quantities based on that, but there's clear demand here in the U.S. I mentioned the NATO in an earlier question, again, we see a huge opportunity for NATO with that focus on interoperability, and we continue to have success around the globe with our software-defined radios and the whole focus on resilient comms. I think that's one of the lessons learned. There was a big difference between just being able to communicate and communicate in a resilient, protected fashion in our networks are coming out as world-class in that regard. And I've alluded to our software and waveforms. We're continuing to see demand for our resilient wave forms. And this is one of two markets, it is either an upsell for a new software-defined radio or it's a licensing opportunity for the installed base. So just on CS, we have about a $16 billion pipeline looking out three years. As I mentioned, $10 billion international, the rest domestic. So we feel real good about the business and the growth potential and just to close off, we don't see any supply chain issues or constraints as we have in the prior years, which gives us even further confidence in the outlook.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure. So two-part question. Let me address the what I think was SDA Tranche 3 question first. And there, I think, is an RFI that hit the street, and we certainly don't want to get ahead of our customer in terms of what that looks like. But we are excited to be the only company that's been successful on Tranches is 0, 1 and 2. We will be analyzing that RFI and providing responses and certainly bidding as that RFP comes out. And it looks like maybe what was potentially a late 2024 might not be a 2025 acquisition from the government for that particular one. And from a quantity perspective, I don't have that precise number in front of me, but I think it's either similar to Tranche 2 or I believe the overall quantity is similar to Tranche 2, I guess the ultimate question is, do they continue with 3 providers or move to 2 type of things. So we'll continue to work through that, but feeling really good about it, and I think we're making good progress on that program. In terms of the second part of the question on LHX margin profile, yes, absolutely we are driving the LHX NeXt program for a couple of reasons, one of which is to enable us to deliver margin opportunity, but also to drive value for our customers as well. And that's not just from a cost perspective but also includes schedule as the trusted disruptor, the ability to listen to our customers, and respond quickly and provide capability at pace. But in terms of the specifics with respect to the cost savings, we have estimated roughly that about 40% of the savings will accrue to the company in terms of additional margin opportunities. So against the $1 billion of savings, we talked about essentially $400 million of opportunity from a margin perspective. And we'll certainly work hard to continue to drive up both the amount of the savings, as I think we're executing well on LHX NeXt and moving towards and gaining confidence towards our $1 billion target. So we'll work to make sure we get at least that amount. And then obviously, working to see if we can maintain as much of that as opportunity for margin improvement benefit at the company as well. You may remember at the time of the merger, we did realize I think, something between 50% and 60% of the integration savings. LHX NeXt is a little bit more of an enduring kind of three-year program versus the quicker integration. And because of that, we're projecting that a little bit more of it will accrue back to the government, which is a good thing. It enables us to be more competitive, win more new business as we look forward. But we'll certainly be working to see if we can find ways to realize margin improvements. And it may not be direct improvements out of the program, but as we return cost savings to the programs, and they can think about how they perform better and are able to turn that into future profitability that we can bank down the road for future program performance, we'll certainly think about that as well. So I think the -- at the end of the day, the story is LHX NeXt, we are performing very well. I think we're ahead of schedule. I think we're building confidence, got more confidence today than we did just a quarter ago, and we will certainly work to drive as much of that into margin opportunity as we can. So thanks, Jason.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure, Rich and I appreciate the question and it hasn't been asked previously so we're good on that front. In terms of free cash flow guide, we're at $2.2 billion for the year. And as I think about halfway through the year, we're roughly 25% to our full year guidance. It's certainly not a profile that we are uncomfortable with. It's kind of about where we are normally this far through the year. We've got a fair amount of cash to generate in the second half, but we're comfortable, absolutely reiterating the guidance at $2.2 billion. And I don't think we're expecting any working capital build necessarily in the second half, but we've got to work with our customers, get the payments coming in the door, work with our suppliers, making sure we're paying the term on those fronts. And the way I would characterize it, similar to Jason's question on LHX NeXt is we're building confidence to our guide and maybe as importantly, we're sticking with our guidance in the 2026 financial framework of $2.2 billion in 2024, $2.4 billion in 2025, and $2.8 billion in 2026. And that's kind of the bigger picture that we're thinking about is how we continue to build confidence into that increasing free cash flow as we grow the business. And quite frankly, as we get the net leverage targets where we need to be, hopefully, by the end of 2024, and we start to deploy capital with more -- a little more of a tilt towards share repurchase, really driving our ability to see some free cash flow per share growth as we look out into 2025 and 2026. So feeling really good about it. I think it's a great profile, and I think it's a really solid part of our story with that midterm financial framework. And again, I think we're just building confidence towards that, and I feel really good about it. So thanks for the question, Rich.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Peter, great question. The whole undersea and autonomy markets are growth markets for us. I would say on the undersea, what we're seeing more is on the sea beds, the sensors, a lot of classified work, which are not the autonomous ones. We refer to those as grotto and there's a big opportunity coming up almost $1 billion where we're competing. This would be the third opportunity, we won two already. So that could be a real growth engine for maritime. Relative to the autonomy, we still are doing well on the autonomous surface vehicles. I think the Navy is still developing its autonomous strategy and relative to the unmanned undersea, these are relatively inexpensive products. So we continue to invest. We've had great success with our Torpedo launch and recovery using an unmanned undersea vehicle, which is kind of a game changer. But we can highlight it more, but these are literally -- you sell 20, 30, 40 of these. It just doesn't add up to a lot of money, but it's critical to the mission and we should be able to start seeing some export opportunities here in the years ahead. So still part of the portfolio, it is still doing well. Just the price of the products are relatively inexpensive and probably don't roll up to the materiality to talk about them, but we'll try to do more in the future.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Ken. Good to hear from you. Domestically, they tend to split the buys, as we've talked about before, 60-40, 70-30 and such, and we're usually the winner of the majority share. But internationally, it is a winner-take-all environment. And generally, we've had great success. And again, these are relatively inexpensive compared to other weapon systems or products out there. So the price is not really that much of a differentiator and pricing strategy, we have a price target. We have -- we know what the costs are and as you know, we get reasonably good margins in this business. So we don't plan on lowering the prices and the customers see the benefit of our technology and again, the interoperability. So we try to cut a fair business deal. But I feel real good about what we're doing. And we've been able to take cost out through our LHX NeXt initiatives. We're getting dual source suppliers. So we don't have single points of failures across the company, but especially in CF and feel real good about this portfolio and the market opportunities. So I think we're going to be in good shape. I'm not going to mention any specific countries, but there's a lot of big opportunities here in Europe that are going through the FMS process and we should have a good second half of the year.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. It's built into the guide. And again, it's always hard to predict the actual quantity and timing and the congressional approval process. But a lot of that money for a variety of countries flows our way, either directly in the radios, a little bit on night vision goggles, and then indirectly through the solid rocket motors supporting the primes for the ammunitions. So I think that gives us confidence and stability in our guide. And as you suggest, some of this should roll into 2025 as we make the deliveries in the next 12 to 18 months. So with that, before we sign off, I always like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. We believe we're truly changing the industry, and I'm proud of what they've accomplished and we've accomplished in the last five years. We're very optimistic about the future, and we look forward to talking to everybody in the months ahead. So thanks for joining the call today. Have a good weekend.
