Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. We have increased our financial guidance for fiscal year 2011 due to our strong first quarter operating performance, and improving second quarter outlook. Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2011 is now expected to be towards the higher end of our previous range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 15% above fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP EBITDA for fiscal 2011, which excludes acquisition-related costs is expected to be in a range of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion, representing an increase of 10% to 12% above our fiscal 2010 EBITDA of $1.10 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is now expected to be in the range from $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share. That's a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Our previous guidance if you recall was $4.60 to $4.70 per share. On our last call, we provided quarterly guidance for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2011 because of the atypical seasonality caused by the MRAP and M-ATV program shipments being concentrated mostly in the first quarter. Earnings in the second quarter are now expected to be in the range of $1.08 to $1.12 per share. Slightly above last year and much higher than our previous guidance and we expect sequential EPS growth in the back half of fiscal 2011. For the RF Communication segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is now expected to be 10% to 11% higher than fiscal 2010, and 16% to 17% higher in the second quarter. Segment operating margin for the year is expected to be 33% to 34%. For the Government Communications Systems segment, guidance is unchanged. We expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 22% higher than fiscal 2010. This represents 6% to 8% growth in the existing Government Communications Systems business and then we add 11 months of contribution of CapRock Communications acquisition revenue in the range of $380 million to $390 million. Total segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 11% for the fiscal year. And for the Broadcast Communication segment, we continue to expect revenue in the range of $490 million to $510 million with break-even operating results. We still expect operating losses in the first half, but they will be followed, we believe by improving profitability in the second half. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Howard Lance: Jason, the business is kind of lumpy. We still expect to be able to achieve our target of 1 book-to-bill for the year for the Tactical business, as well as to meet or exceed that for the public safety part of the segment. As you say, we came very close to that at about 0.9 in the first quarter. I think what's most important is that we see the pipeline really filling up nicely as we look out at both the domestic U.S. as well as the international business. In terms of specifically guiding to a specific book-to-bill by quarter, I'm not going to go there but overall, we're still feeling good for the year. It doesn't mean it's a slam dunk but what it does mean is that we have the opportunities in sight and are pursuing them. And as long as we get a little good fortune in timing in Q4 this year versus Q1 next year, I think we've got a very good shot at getting there. Even if we just came close, though, we're talking about still a sizable backlog exiting this year into fiscal '12. So I think the good news of the first quarter and our higher guidance in the second quarter is all about the firming up of the order pipeline at RF this year and our confidence in delivering on that.
Howard Lance: The customer at this point has not publicly disclosed the size of the opportunity so I'm not in a position to comment on that. And in due diligence, part of the discussion, will I'm sure be around budget availability. So there's not a specific size, but I think you can draw a conclusion that this is a multi-year, very large program given the amount of real estate that is covered by the province of Alberta, over 250,000 square miles. So this is certainly a significant project. Competition was certainly Motorola, the market leader. We're very pleased our team put together a very, very good proposal and we are looking forward to completing these negotiations. How long that will take? I'm not sure but it's not uncommon for that to run on for a quarter or two. So we could be talking about not finalizing this until the new calendar year. But it certainly should be, we hope in this fiscal year, and help to bolster our orders and backlog and then provide a multi-year stream of revenue and profitability as we execute the program. So certainly it's a major win and we're very proud of our team for delivering that.
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly think that it still represents a large opportunity. Our focus is going to be on developing what we think is unique, secure cloud hosting for government and select commercial customers that will attribute a high value to the security of our particular solution. We will be able to talk, I think, in a lot more detail on the next quarterly call as we really launch that business in our fiscal third quarter following the fit-out of the facility that we acquired in Harrisonburg, Virginia a few months back.
Howard Lance: Well, on the second part of your question, we certainly hope that there is more. Certainly the opportunity for continued adoption of the 117G, we think is truly enabled by this major milestone that we've broken through, which is the approval to deploy what's called capabilities set nine and 10 by the Army to deploy that capability to all of the BCTs in theater. That's a major achievement. We have received also, as I mentioned, a contract to put a number of our team members in country helping to deploy and set up these networks. And we're convinced, like many major new innovations, as our customers start to use the radios it's going to have a follow-on compounding effect in terms of broader adoption, not just in Afghanistan but over the long-term. So from our perspective, we think it's a major milestone and we're in the process, I don't know probably, 30%, 40% of the way through getting these systems up and running. Orders for those are all in house already and we're already included in previous contracts that we've announced.
Howard Lance: Well, I think in the long run, there are probably opportunities in both, but this remains to be seen in terms of how the Army sees opportunities to utilize the technology. Again, I think what's encouraging to us is the support that we're getting on the ground because of what the 117G allows our customers to do, that couldn't be done before using the traditional radio systems. And the continued lagging of the JTRS programs. The record again gives us a major window of opportunity to illustrate the capabilities of utilizing our commercially developed technology, getting to market faster. So we're very encouraged. Certainly opportunity for 117G, alongside the opportunities for a number of our other new products, are what is helping to give us more confidence that we can continue to grow orders this year and maintain that very high mark of 1:1 book-to-bill.
Howard Lance: I think our shipments were $240 million, $250 million round numbers associated with that program and about another $80 million, as I indicated to go in the second quarter.
Howard Lance: We continue to see strategic acquisitions as a way to augment the work that we're doing organically. We think in terms of three buckets of growth, we've got our core businesses that we expect to grow with their customers, gaining market share and coming up with solutions for follow-on applications. Then we're moving into adjacent markets, which for us have included healthcare, cyber, public safety. And now, the satellite-managed services capabilities. And certainly we continue, like other companies, to look at additional acquisitions. There's a lot out there but we continue to also put a pretty fine screen on those with regard to being a fit, strategically in our business and also being at a value level that allows us through synergies, create returns above our cost of capital. So I think you'll continue to see us look. We continue as Gary indicated have a very strong balance sheet. We have well over $700 million in debt capacity available right now, just on our revolvers. So we're in a very strong position. We continue to look, but I certainly won't speculate on timing of any specific events.
Howard Lance: That's the Q1 revenue numbers associated with all the MRAP programs, and to be precise it's $235 million.
Howard Lance: So I'm aware that there has been an authorization of 1,000 vehicles. And that I think leaves about another 1,000 to the ceiling of 10,000 that was originally established.
Howard Lance: Yes. We're trying to take into consideration all of those factors, as well as inventory they have, reuse of existing radios. As well as exactly what configuration they will put into which vehicles because as I understand it, the latest 1,000 unit order, some of those are from Oshkosh, some are from Navistar some are ATVs some are original MRAPs. And it's just hard to always be precise about how they're going to be configured. But certainly, we're feeling like we will likely hit some uplift in this fiscal year further related to those additional orders. But hard to quantify today exactly the dollar amount, Chris.
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly think that the Harris partnership with the former M/A-COM business is what won the business. I don't believe, just my opinion, that the acquired company on its own previously would have had a big enough footprint in communications and network technology to be able to compete on such a large order against Motorola and General Dynamics of Canada, who were partnered on the competitive side. So I certainly think that we brought what I like to call, the big H. solutions to this particular pursuit. And it certainly included a broader capability than just the public safety radios and base stations.
Howard Lance: Nothing specific, we continue to ship systems related to our full-motion video asset management engine or FAME solution. But we also are developing and starting to ship lower-cost solutions in that space. So we're not totally dependent just on the Valiant Angel program. There's a lot of development going on in general, around providing enhanced ISR database access and retrieval, and both Broadcast, in partnership with our Government Systems division, are pursuing those opportunities.
Howard Lance: I don't have a specific breakdown, Mark, for that. But it certainly has -- it's not 80%-20%. It certainly has a significant component of both. And yes, generally, you should think about orders that we get from U.S. Government would be shipped within 12 months and some portion of the international orders would go out beyond 12 months because they might be a multi-year program. The same is true in the Public Safety business when we talk about backlog. Some of that is shipping directly in the current fiscal year against the program. Some of it is going out into a multiple year program such as we've been discussing with the opportunity in Alberta.
Howard Lance: I certainly don't have any specific information. I’m not aware that they have published any new schedules. But it is our sense that the programs are slipping and likely to announce delays. But I don't have anything specific off of any published document that I can reference. Nor do I have anything regarding pricing. The only thing we've ever seen on pricing are target prices at very high volumes. Those are certainly not likely to be achieved during the first limited-rate initial production of any program. So I'm presuming that prices will be higher than whatever the prices in the long run that were quoted. So those are just our assumptions. I don't have any specific document to point to, Mark.
Howard Lance: The answer is no, not specifically in our IT Services business. We have more broadly in the Government Systems segment, seen some program awards get delayed as a result of the continuing resolution. So we have seen a little bit of that but it hasn't had a major impact on our view of the year as you heard me indicate, we continue to think 6% to 8% year-over-year revenue growth organically is achievable. And we think that will be largely ahead of our peer group. So we're still feeling pretty positive. We've had a number of program wins in the first quarter as I rattle off that list of different programs. So we're feeling pretty positive but we've certainly have seen a few program awards slip to the right.
Howard Lance: Again, for us not of material impact. But we have seen a few of the programs that we were expecting to be awarded by this date, move out one to three months. And again, I think it's mainly associated with the continuing resolution, which we expect to be in place for several more months and we've baked those assumptions into our guidance. So the bottom line is, yes, some of the new awards are slipping out but it is not having a material effect on our revenue outlook for the year.
