Jay Malave: Sure. Myles in the third quarter, we increased a little bit relative to the proceeds about $150 million. If you just do the math, I would say $350 million here in Q4. You can back into our free cash flow for the fourth quarter. And with the dividends we're approaching kind of the framework that Bill just mentioned as far as returning free cash flow to shareholders. Yes, there could be a little bit more room there. I mean our balance is elevated with $1.3 billion at the end of September. Given where we are with the guidance we just gave you, we would expect the balance to continue to remain elevated in December. And so there could be opportunity there. We're also evaluating other items which could include some pension contributions but -- so we're leaving our optionality open a little bit. But if it doesn't happen in this quarter then it would carry over into next year. 
Jay Malave: So, Sheila it's a great question. If you think about it maybe in kind of a little bit bigger picture, we end the year this year we'll be at 17.75% for the year around that ballpark. We do have incremental synergies next year $50 million. That equates to anywhere around 25, 30 basis points of expansion. Our core E3 productivity is obviously going to be a driver for us, but we do have some mixed headwinds that we'll be dealing with and we deal with that every year. And so our intent always is to drive more than the mix headwinds. But I think for now right now as we're continuing to go through the planning offsetting one for one is where we stand at the moment. The only thing I'll say is that we will see a little bit of a headwind in Q1 because of the -- just the roll-through of the commercial the pandemic-related impacts roll through the four quarters. And so that will put a little bit of pressure on Q1 which will also have an impact obviously on the full year. But having said that I think mix is something we just have to keep an eye on, but our core E3 productivity is intended to offset that on a kind of run rate basis and drive. Once we get beyond the synergy period in the integration period, our core E3 operating excellence program will continue to be a driver of margins for us.
Jay Malave: Well, no, I think, I'd comment some of the new awards that we talked about. Just I think it demonstrates and is illustrative of our positioning for the modernization trends that we're seeing going forward. And so while people may want to focus on O&M budgets and historical tactical radios, the new awards that we're winning are really positioning us well for the trends that we're seeing in terms of defense priority spending. And so I think you should as Bill mentioned think about our portfolio and our revenue potential more in that broader context. And that's what gives us confidence in our mid single-digit growth over and we're seeing this in our new awards right now.
Jay Malave: Sure George. Thanks. The progress payment benefit this year is in the range of say around close to $100 million in that ballpark maybe a little bit lower than that. That one, we basically have offset with small supplier payments. And so it's just one for one as it's come in. We really pushed supplier payments out. On the payroll tax benefit, that's kind of $150 million plus in that ballpark, similar type of effort. We've kind of put a placeholder there to support supply chain there as well. That as you know, will be paid back over two years 2021 and 2022. But I would say, as it relates to kind of longer-term targets and our $3 billion target, there's a number of puts and takes. There's risks and opportunities. We've got that factored in. We feel good about our ability to generate continued working capital improvement and we don't see that getting in the way of us getting to $3 billion in 2022. 
Bill Brown: So, right now as you'll see in the Q, our funded and unfunded backlog at the end of Q3 was about $20 billion. And you'll note there about two-thirds of it 65% rolls out through calendar 2021. So, we think that that part of our business is pretty solid. We've got a very good pipeline $69 billion. It's come up over the last quarter. It's come up about 8% or 10% since the beginning of the year. So, it continues to grow be very robust. And as we look into next year and to Jay's points about mid-single-digit growth we see good solid growth in our core U.S. government businesses. You've heard a couple of our peers talk about low to mid-single-digit growth there. We will add on top of that with revenue synergies that we've talked quite a bit about. We see international growing. It's a growth business for us here in the back half. Book-to-bill was very good. The pipeline is really strong internationally. We see that being a contributor into next year. And certainly as Jay just mentioned about commercial, it will be a little bit of a headwind until we lap one year on COVID. But the other dimensions will be pretty strong going to next year.
Bill Brown: Well, first on '22 it's a little bit further out in the future, but I might -- maybe answer the first part of the question as Chris thinks about if he wants to give any guidance on '22. But we're making really good progress on the revenue synergies. And I think this has been a pleasant surprise to all of us in terms of the pace and magnitude of getting that revenue opportunity. I think, it points to the strategic rationale of the combination and the complementary nature of the technology that we're working on. So again, we're about 80 proposals that have been submitted. It's come up from Q3. We're winning quite a few of them. 25 out of 37 is pretty healthy with $300 million of awards. We talked about a couple of these are some of the -- certainly the SDA win is one of the bigger ones. But generally speaking, they're going to be in the space domain electronic warfare, some in maritime. And there's quite a lot that's happening in the classified domain. As we said over multiple calls, one of the things that was unique here is, as we put our companies together, we got a lot of input and feedback from our classified customers, who really see across our portfolio and across other missions across other companies and really giving us strong guidance as to where there might be opportunities to combine capabilities within L3Harris. And the team has worked very hard to put together some compelling proposals and we continue to win. So, it's modest growth this year. It will start to grow next year and be a good contributor in 2021 and certainly more beyond that. It will grow to hundreds of millions over the next year or two which I think is a very positive sign for not just winning them, but actually seeing them come through in revenue opportunity. So, I'm really, really pleased here Gautam on sort of the revenue synergy. I don't know Chris maybe answer the question on '22 if you want to take a stab at that one.
Bill Brown: And I think Jay's comment about the mid-single-digit framework kind of expand -- spans a bit more than one year. Thank you, Gautam.
Bill Brown: So David thanks for the question. Look, as I mentioned earlier about two-thirds of our backlog coming out of Q3 what you'll see in the Q is around 20 -- a little over $20 billion funded and unfunded rolls out over the next year. And what I've seen over time is it's hard to compare our portfolio sort of short long cycle versus peers. But certainly, it has lengthened over the last several years as some of the programs that we worked on specifically in tactical radios have moved from sort of book and ship, a quick turn to replenish spares or radios in Iraq and Afghanistan to now being fundamental long-term programs of record which a lot more -- longer visibility in terms of the buying pattern the spending outlook. So, we certainly see our portfolio being longer term than we were several years ago. And certainly, combining with L3, I think puts us in that position as well. So again, I think our portfolio is very sound. It's robust. We're well positioned to grow into next year.
Bill Brown: So Pete, it's a very good question. Look, you know what -- and I took some pains in my comments to talk about the broad set of C5ISR capability we've had across the company. And when you break down C5 and ISR into its components and domains different sensing technologies, we've got a very strong position across all of them, all of which are essential in enabling this JADC2 or Joint All-Domain Command and Control vision of the future. We're a strong player there. I think on ABMS we've -- lots of players on the IDIQ, but we are across all seven business areas which is somewhat unique. We had content on Project Convergence which is sort of the Army version of that in partnership with the Air Force. We had a lot of content there and we'll hope to see more as it gets into the next version of it next year. We're very strong in maritime and distributed maritime operations. So we believe this is a strength of ours. We've got very strong capabilities in comms resilient communications which is developing very strong resilient wave forms. L3 was -- had a strength there. We had certainly a strength there, very strong ISR. So to me we're right in the middle of this. And I think it's fundamental that JADC2 or that vision that concept is going to be required in a near-peer competition. It's going to be more about the capabilities on platforms and how they inter-operate as opposed to the platforms themselves. And when I think about this powerhouse that we've created here at L3Harris, Pete I think we're right going to be in the middle of it. It will grow over time. There's funding there and we're confident that's going to be a driver for the company over time. It's hard to size it today, but we believe it's going to be pretty important Pete. 
Bill Brown: Hey Richard thanks for the question. I think you're hitting on a very important topic and that is the power of the IRAD that we spend and the work that's happened over the last five quarters. We're spending in the 3.6% 3.8% of our revenue in that range. We think it's sized well. And I think more importantly what the team has done is worked very hard over the last five quarters to make sure, it's spent on the best highest-value highest-return opportunities and focusing that spear we call IRAD.  We've reduced the number of projects by about 30%. We moved about 10% of the dollars around to really be placed on the technology the areas that we think will have the best returns or aligned to revenue opportunities, revenue synergies. And the second element of it is making -- not just putting the -- making sure we're spending on the right projects, but also doing it efficiently. So we've got good opportunities to drive operational excellence skills into the way we develop products. We're pushing hard on digital engineering on DevOps and a lot of our work is software development. There's lots of ways to improve the effectiveness of our R&D spend. And to me this is going to be a very powerful driver of growth in the future. I don't see it stepping up materially from where we're at. I think it's at a good amount. It will come up with revenue in the terms of a dollar perspective, but I think we're spending a healthy amount on R&D. 
Bill Brown: So, yeah, as we talked earlier this year right after I think it was Q1 maybe Q2 as we looked at the international business we saw it being more flattish for the year. We saw the first half being down a little bit the back half growing and being about flat for the year. Q3 came in strong like we had expected it would a little bit better than we had thought. So it could be up a little bit, so flat to up low single-digits internationally, so a little better than we saw a couple of months ago. International tactical has come in almost exactly as we had expected. You could see the numbers up 21% in the third quarter. We expect the fourth quarter up a similar amount. So we see good recovery in that business. A lot of it is Middle East, Europe, Asia-Pacific mostly Australia and New Zealand. So, there's pretty good growth in tactical. And we've got a nice pipeline of opportunities. I think the number is about $20 billion of international opportunities. The book-to-bill year-to-date is over 1 about 1.06 or so. We see the fourth quarter looking -- shaping up to be pretty sizable in terms of book-to-bill looks pretty good. About $3 billion of those proposals that are out there of our pipeline is in proposal. So it's actually getting to be more nearer term. So it's looking a little bit more encouraging than we thought just a couple of months ago. I think Chris and the team are putting a lot of focus on this. We have resources in place going after 10 focused countries and we're starting to turn the corner. So we're at 20% roughly in terms of our revenue. We expect it's going to grow several points over the next number of years. I don't know Chris if you want to state a goal there but it's going to come up from where we are because it's underrepresented in our portfolio today.
Bill Brown: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Yeah, so seven days year-to-date it's about 13 days operationally since the close. So we put out our divestitures and purchase accounting. We will see towards the back end of the year. We'll probably stay right on 55 days. So, you won't see seven-days improvement over three quarters as the continued pace into the future. We see the 55 dropping below 50 over the next couple of years three to four days per year. That gets us to the $3 billion goal in calendar 2022. We still see an opportunity to get down to the low 40s or about 40 days. Certainly, that's where legacy Harris was. We've seen our peers at that point. So even after calendar 2022 47, 48 days we see opportunity to continue to prove working capital beyond that. As I said last time and we've talked about this a number of times a lot of it is going to be on inventory. So we've got a lot of opportunity here. We know where it's at. We've got 10 businesses that we're really focused on that drive 75% of our working capital six with more than 75 days. So we know where we're focused. We're driving it hard. We review these every single week. And you can see the progress and trajectory that we happen to be on. So, again, about three to four days a year beyond calendar 2020.
Bill Brown: Hey, John, look it's a good question. I mean I think we're really performing better than we had expected on margins even through this year. Keep in mind, we started the year I think guiding to 17% to 17.5%. And now, today it's 17.75%. So in an era of COVID, which actually dinged us about 40 basis points this year, so we're performing very, very well. It comes through the synergy drop-through. It comes through operational excellence, which is maturing at a fast clip. Jay has talked about 18% or so next year. He gave you some of the drivers. Will it go up beyond that? It will likely move up. I don't know if and when it will hit 20%. I think the key thing to be thinking about is we got to make sure that we're leaning in to go after and drive revenue growth capturing some opportunities, which might have a near-term short-term impact on margins, but long term be good businesses for the overall enterprise. We got to make sure we continue to invest at the level required to grow the business on a long-term basis. Anyone could easily pull back investment like IRAD, and drive margin up in the near term, but be detrimental on long-term value for the owners. I think you have to work the pedals here, and I think we do this very, very effectively. So we can't commit to something beyond next year, but we will commit to continue to work the agenda to drive hard on technology investments which drive differentiation and good cost management lean productivity across the whole company. 
Bill Brown: Okay. So let me hit on a couple of points there, Ron. But you're right a lot of it's classified in terms of its nature. But it's about 20% of our total company revenue is classified. And as you know, the classified budgets both military and national intelligence programs. Those budgets have come up over the last five or six years. They're at a very healthy level. And that does offer some cushion, if you will, as you go into the next several years. If there's more pressure on the non-classified DoD budget, money tends to move and be well supported in the classified domain. And even the elements of that of what's in the classified budget, which is around $85 billion plus or minus between military and national intelligence programs, the elements are actually moving in a direction, which we believe supports a lot of the investments we've made. So, a lot of we focus on is in the space domain, various new technologies for optics RF systems, driving to larger constellations from prototypes running a full end-to-end mission solution. I think what's an interesting element of this is, historically, a lot of the space domain was dominated by the intelligence community. But, because of the lower cost faster time to market, more onboard processing of our small satellites, it's opening up new markets within the DoD. So the addressable base for us is actually expanding, and that's helping us quite a bit. So it's really on the space domain, but there's plenty of other classified opportunities on the land in Maritime domains as well. We've got a strong position really across all of them. So it's hard to shape them, but it gets back to the comment I made on the strength of C5ISR. And a lot of the things that we do in the classified domain leverage off of that, we hone technologies advanced technologies, and then you can leverage that benefit into the non-class environment. And that's been a strategy of the company for a number of years Ron, and I think it's worked pretty well. 
Bill Brown: Rob, it's a very, very good question. So the landscape is changing. We are seeing greater penetration of some of the Western companies Silicon Valley companies, SpaceX you mentioned. As you know, they were one of the awardees of the SDA tracking layer. We could follow what they've done in commercial launch and with Starlink and other things. So they're playing more. There's a number of other companies. You mentioned a few of them. There are some more typical government contractors who are looking to expand what they do into -- from services to other components. So, the market is moving around and we get it. The way we stay ahead is basically running our strategy, running our game which is really strong investments and performance in R&D and technology moving quickly. There's really nobody that's put up a smallsat with the capability we had and the time frame we've done it just in the last couple of years. And I think that's the way we stay ahead. We continue to drive cost out drive operational excellence, improve quality and meet our program objectives. And I think if we do that and we continue to accelerate the pace at which we can execute on our programs and technologies we're going to stay ahead. I think that's what we need to do. Will M&A play a role in that? Maybe over time. Right now, we're focused on integration our portfolio shaping. But as you go out in time, there could be pieces of other companies or things on the market that could become available to fill a gap in our portfolio. We don't see that today but that's very positive. In fact, it's probably likely it's going to happen over time. But today, we're focused on running our game, and I think that's been an effective strategy. So, Rob thanks for the question. It was very good. I really appreciate that.
Bill Brown: Let me just wrap up from here. And I want to thank again the L3Harris team. They've done a fantastic job of staying focused to meeting our customer commitments. They work very, very hard, and that hard work has led to another quarter of very strong results. We're well positioned coming into next -- into the year-end and into the coming years. And I look forward to our next update. Thank you very much everybody for joining us today. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Hey good morning Seth. I'll take a first shot at both of those. Yes, so in space, we're going to be seeing the book-to-bill increase. We talked about some of the key wins we had here in the third quarter. We talked about our strategy to be a mission solutions prime and it's really taken traction here. The SDA win was a big one. There are some opportunities coming down the pipe in the fourth quarter. A fair amount of them are in the classified world but you'll be able to see that in the quarters ahead. As Bill said on the international side, we do have a strong pipeline a good book-to-bill. The tactical radios are going to grow. That represents about 20% to 25% of our international revenue. We're really seeing it across the board. The ISR platforms are doing well with the aircraft missionization and of course the Maritime business. So it's pretty well spread out across the portfolio and the domains.
Chris Kubasik: Absolutely. No, I agree with Bill we're really outperforming here on the revenue synergy. And over time and probably by 2022, the business development pursuits and as the business integrates, these things are really going to be merging and part of our overall strategy. So, I'm thinking by the time we get to '22, '23, I'm not sure we're going to be calling these out. What it is going to do is give us higher confidence in our growth rate that we've already talked about. So, I'm looking for good opportunities and year-over-year growth improvement relative to revenue synergies. But over time, it's just going to be merged and part of our normal processes.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. And if there is a reduction in the forward-deployed troops, I mean you look at the rest of the portfolio Doug and situational awareness is going to be critical. So you look at the ISR assets that we have both in space and air and the need as Bill talked about for the multi-domain comms. It strengthens the rest of the portfolio. So I look at it as kind of a net-net push or maybe a slight positive when you look across all four segments. And the same theory applies internationally. There's just a lot of need for communications and situational awareness. So our ISR capabilities both in space, air, land and maritime are well positioned.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. I think ultimately the next target would be closer to the 25% of revenue over the several years. And what I like about our company is the portfolio and the demand for our products. And when you export there's always a focus on offensive versus defensive products especially as administrations look at approving these exports. And when you look at our ISR capabilities, the maritime capabilities the radio to comms, those are generally easier to export and approve regardless of which administration is running the country. So I think that gives us a lot of confidence. And we've been able to stay in touch with our customers. We have executives forward deployed full time in the focus countries. And all of us have been using new technology to call Zoom and stay in touch with our customers really on a weekly basis, and that's working well. We're negotiating contracts via Zoom and continuing to keep the business running. So, very optimistic on international. 
