William Brown: Okay. Well, thanks, Rahul. We're now in the homestretch of fiscal '19 and performing very well and better than our S-4 projections across all metrics: revenue, margin and cash flow, and we're on track for a record year. President's budget request for GFY '20 and beyond is a real positive for Harris and the programs that we support, especially in strategic growth areas where we invested in R&D over the past several years and have strong customer positions. In addition to tactical radio budgets, long-term platforms like the F/A-18, the F-35 are well supported and classified space and other IC budgets continue to trend up. And with outlays continuing to lag budget appropriations by more than $100 billion in investment accounts, we expect growth momentum to continue in the medium term.  Alongside our strong operating performance and execution, integration planning is progressing well. The team over the last 6 months has made significant progress in outlining an operational road map for the combined company to ensure seamless transition on day 1. They're also developing detailed capture plans to achieve the $500 million of cost synergies and, though still early, have identified more than 100 ideas on potential revenue synergies. Chris and I meet -- remain very closely connected with the integration team through our weekly meetings, and we're very pleased with the progress that they made to date.  I'm also pleased with the outcome of the divestiture of Night Vision, which we proactively initiated to address potential regulatory concerns. You'll recall this business was operating at breakeven with declining revenue when we acquired it with Exelis. And through aggressive actions, we transformed it into a mid-teens margins business, growing at double digits, resulting in a $350 million sale price, well above the implied value when we bought Exelis.  This same relentless focus on operational excellence is clearly demonstrated in a track record of margin expansion at Harris, and we expect to leverage and build on this OpEx muscle in a new L3 Harris to capture integration savings, improve underperforming businesses and drive long-term productivity gains. Overall, I'm increasingly encouraged and confident that this transformative combination will create substantial long-term value for employees, our customers and our shareholders.  And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William Brown: And just if I could add here, Sheila, we said this year we'd see -- it's a little bit of margin expansion fiscal '19, not because of segment margin expansion but more because of the mix shifting to higher-margin businesses, CS and ES, that we'd grow faster. We've even seen more of that this year on top of some margin expansion in ES. So as we look into the back end of the year, we can see ourselves touching 20% margin in the fourth quarter and we see some expansion in margins going into fiscal '20 and beyond.
William Brown: Well, look, we're very pleased with the trajectory of the budgets. They continue to increase, and I'm very pleased to see the Army HMS budget going over $500 million in '20 from about $300 million this past year, $7.3 billion over the next 5 years, which is stronger than we had expected than the President would suggest it even about a year ago. Our market share has remained very, very robust. We're on all the contract vehicles. We continue to compete well. We're going to continue to win and gain share through the investments we make to continue to advance our radio, take costs out, add functionality, improve waveforms in the radios. And that's how we expect to win and continue to have a large share of market in DoD and perhaps gain some share over time. So we -- the outlook is very, very strong in DoD radio, Sheila.
William Brown: Rob, we're going to -- we'll be fully prepared to announce the management structure several levels down, plus our Board, as we get closer to the closing. So probably towards the end of June.
William Brown: Yes. Well, clearly, we've -- as Rahul pointed out in his prepared remarks, since we bought Exelis, we brought down working capital days by 35 days. We'll end the year at 43, very, very positive trajectory. I think on a combined basis, at -- assuming we -- if we combine the end of March with this past month, I think the combined days was 70 days. So we see a lot of opportunity between the 2 companies. We're estimating 6 to 7 days over the next several years at $35 million a day. But clearly, there's some opportunity beyond that.  Chris and his team are working hard on this. They're making good progress. We're really getting into the details of where that working capital happens to be, putting plans in place. So Rob, if anything, I think Chris and I are more confident today than we were 3 or 6 months ago that we've got good working capital improvements ahead of us.
William Brown: Yes. I mean good question, Carter. No fundamental or material difference. Year-to-date book to bill was -- is very strong at 1.1. We've had 5 consecutive quarters above 1. Backlog is -- as we pointed out in our remarks, is up 15% year-over-year. It's up over 20% in the Tactical business. It's up 25% over the last couple of years. So the backlog is actually quite strong. We expect book to bill for the year to be more than 1. So I think it's all good news. The pipeline for the Harris as a total company is at $32 billion across the 3 segments. It's very resilient. The budgets, I think, are well supportive of growth into the future. We've raised our guidance now 3x this year. We've had $420 million above the S-4 revenues. So every indication is we continue to see good growth opportunities into the future.
William Brown: Yes. That's a very good question. I mean everyday that Chris and I interact with the teams on -- as they get together and share information, brainstorm both in the open area as well as in the classified area, we're getting more and more encouraged about the set of opportunities ahead of us. It's still premature to calibrate that or quantify it or say how much time it's going to take to achieve it. Some will require some R&D investment to occur. We see -- it's all the same -- anything happened with Exelis, it was probably a couple of years in until we really started to see meaningful revenue synergies.  But we're seeing it in a couple of different areas. We've got a great position now staked out in smallsats. Both L3 and Harris have good expertise in optical and RF payloads, SATCOM, mission knowledge, very strong L3 data link capabilities, [indiscernible] capability. I think when you combine it, we think we'll have a much more holistic, much more competitive offering in smallsats. And I think that's very encouraging. We've talked in the past about data links. L3 is very strong on the airborne side. We're strong on the ground side. I think that's going to be very interesting.  The other area that's been, I think, of note recently is -- L3 has a very strong multifunction phased array capability. We've got strength in open-system architecture back in EW processing. Good capability as well in phased arrays. But that multifunction that L3 brings and some of the open architecture that we have is really game-changing in our view. And it's not just from current platform, but also new and new evolving platforms.  So those are some of the ideas and some of the things we're thinking about. Obviously, the small SWaP EW product that we've had on the market for a couple of years, it's now starting to take hold. Lots of opportunities to embed that small SWaP EW into some of the unmanned systems that L3 has and that they -- that their system integrator on. So there's more than 100 different ideas. Those are the ones they've got -- come on top of mind. But the energy, the excitement when people talk about these is palpable, and we're very optimistic about this.
William Brown: Well, the pipeline itself are very strong. I mean it's very resilient for the DoD at still around $2.6 billion. It's kind of in line with where we were before in the last couple of quarters, and it's been very stable. On the DoD size is about $1.6 billion, shifting more towards modernization. So now it's almost a 50-50 split between base and modernization, but up year-over-year by about 13%. So again, given the strong orders over the course of the last year across Tactical, the fact that the pipeline for that business remains as resilient as it is, I think, is very encouraging, I think testament to what the team has been doing.  On the airborne radio side, I'm very optimistic about this. This kind of goes back 3 years or so. It's been a lot of investment we made with Exelis. They had a position on airborne platforms and -- but it was an older product offering. And a lot of the new product offerings that we're putting in place, the 2-channel offerings on the ground side, have capability that can be embedded on the airborne side. As you know, we're also partner with ViaSat on the STT. We've seen really good growth this year on airborne radios and the Small Tactical Terminal. So -- I mean I'm very encouraged about this. And the fact that we had a first opportunity here in the Middle Eastern country on a small number of Apaches, where they have a very large fleet, I think, is a big win for us. It's not big in dollars, but the opportunity set ahead of us is pretty substantial.  I think this will grow over time. I won't be able to quantify it today. But I think it'll grow over time. And again, it's in -- it's along the path of the growth beyond that simple ground business that we've been in, that we've been pushing out for the last several years.
William Brown: Yes. No, what -- yes. Thanks, Gautam, for the question. Look, our integration teams are really focused on the integration value, so how we can combine our spend and leverage that, bring that down. We've done a number of should-cost analyses. We've got a very good and robust listing of what we buy, who we buy it from, what we price, we pay. It's done in a clean team, so we don't have visibility to that. But the clean team is coming up with great ideas and actually developing and negotiating packages so that when we close, day 1, we can start executing against that. We see opportunities on the indirect side, facilities we've had. Our combined operational leadership teams going out and visiting many of our sites to understand what the combination of -- what the facility consolidation opportunities might be.  I know Chris is very, very deep in what's happening at the traveling wave tube business. I'm sure he'll speak about that later on this morning. He's put a lot of resources there, a lot of focused attention. We're aware of it. We see some metrics coming out of it. We're providing guidance and assistance where we can. But Chris is doing a great job in getting his arms around this, and I think you'll see stability and eventually some improvement here.  So I think together, as a combined company, the operational muscle that we both will bring and I think what we honed here at Harris over a number of years, I think we'll continue to see this L3-Harris business perform like I think we have done at Harris over the last 5 or 6 years. So I'm very optimistic about that, Gautam.
William Brown: Look, I don't see that fiscal '19 is a peak-ish kind of year. I see -- again, it's a little soon to comment on the growth potential of the combined companies. You'll see L3's results. They've knocked the cover off the ball this quarter. They took their guidance up for the year as did we. Between the 2 companies, we're $274 million, $275 million above the S-4, even more if you look at where they're guiding to this year.  So the combined -- the companies independently are performing better than expected. The budget outlook is better than we have thought. Our opportunity set, as we think about revenue synergies, is more encouraging to us. We'll be more competitive as an enterprise because we'll take costs out, be able to bid aggressively, attack businesses, be it more of a full mission provider. So if anything, I'm more encouraged about the growth trajectory beyond fiscal '19. I would not call it peak-ish. But I do see us doing, I think, quite well as a combined entity once we close and kind of get on with this. So I think it feels pretty good.
William Brown: And I would just add, I think you know our debt ratios quite well. So we don't have any debt payments in the near term either or the medium term, Rahul.
William Brown: Look, it's a pretty broad question. I think in general, we're seeing opportunities put on contract a little bit faster than it would've been a year or 2 ago. In terms of the way things are being done, that -- it's not changing all that much in terms of mix, cost plus fixed price, encouragement to industry to invest in IRAD.  As you know, Richard, there's been a conversation around contracts financing. That still is out on the horizon. I think there was an attempt to change contract finance structure back in September of last year. This is still an open discussion.  But I don't really see substantive changes in terms of anything that's kind of generalized with either classified or none that would impact margin structure going forward. Our margins in the classified side, they're typically -- more typically, they're cost plus, and they tend to come with cost-plus margins as I think that's what you'd see on the cost plus side. That's not really -- or the classified side. But I don't see that changing much here at all. Rahul, I don't know if you have a...
William Brown: Well, first of all, the classified business over the last couple of years has gone very, very well for us. Our bookings continue to be very strong in the mid-teens rate, book to bill is over 1, revenue up in the double-digit mid-teens level, has been very, very good and has been over the last couple of years. It's an exquisite systems. It's in small satellites. It's in ground adjacencies. In these areas, we really can't talk much more about, but it's pretty broad-based. And I think it reflects a drive that we've had over the last number of years that to invest in technology and to move from providing components to subsystems to now more complete mission solutions, and that's been a multiyear journey for us. And we're seeing our growth, our position, our share increasing as the budgets are inflecting. I think that's what's driving positive growth for us.  In terms of the margins on that business, a lot of it -- some of it is fixed price. But much of it is because you're pushing the envelope of technology, much is going to come more in a cost-plus side. They come with slightly more compressed margins.  But as we look out at the next couple of years, I see our Space business, where a lot of the classified business happens to be, it's also on ES, but a lot's in Space, I see it holding the margins in that area as we continue to drive productivity, take out cost, take out costs and the pieces are not classified or a fixed price and absorb the mix differential as the classified business grows a bit. So I'm not terribly concerned about that. I think it's very good business. In fact, some of the technology that you develop in the classified world does help your business over time in unclassified. So it's terrific business, and we're pleased to be a strong player there.
William Brown: Yes. Look, we've -- this year, our environmental business, I mean it's kind of in the range of $270 million or so, like little less than $300 million, is down mid-teens in size. We do believe it's troughing here this year. The book to bill, as I mentioned in my remarks, was about 1.4. So it's -- the book to bill has been good. The backlog is obviously up. We see '20 to at least be flat with '19 and perhaps a little bit of growth there and beyond. We've gone through some budget pressures here over the last couple of years.  We continue to see things put on order for NOAA. It's GOES-R ground modernization, that we're seeing some opportunities there. We're seeing opportunities in -- over time, in U.S. and international centers. We've launched 5 satellites, five instruments in the last 12 months. These things go in phases. So as they launch, you have both U.S. and international customers starting to look at developing the next-generation instruments. We sell into Japan, Korea as well -- South Korea as well as here in the States.  So we're seeing opportunities to grow at adjacencies on RF spectrum management, DoD weather, thermal detection. So we're seeing a number of different things here that indicate to us that '20 should not be another set-down, and perhaps there should be opportunities beyond that. And that basically sizes that business.
William Brown: I think it's too soon to say right now. We're going to come back and give you some guidances in early August as we close the year. It has been -- as you could tell, it's been a headwind for us over the last couple of years and certainly into fiscal '19. But we've got to look at the whole portfolio, in the outlook, on the budgets and how it's going to roll into our business. I wouldn't say it's going to be the highest grower, but I think it should be a pretty healthy grower over the next several years. Last time we provided medium-term guidance, we've said it would be mid-single digits, and we'll come back and revisit that come early August.
William Brown: Well, look, I think as we go from here, the growth drivers are going to be modernization. It's going to be the Marine Corps ramp, Army ramp, both on the handheld and the manpack. We'll see SOCOM continuing to grow. Those will be the principal drivers. I mean your numbers are in the ballpark here in fiscal '19 on DoD. If you go back just two years, in '17, it's up about 2/3. The budget has been up about 2/3 in that period of time. But what's interesting and what's I think very encouraging here, Seth, as you go out the next 2 to 3 years, the budget's grow by another 2/3. So they touch $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion a couple of years out. And when you just look at -- even holding constant share, if those budgets happen, we would see that business continuing to grow pretty substantially and probably touch on $1 billion three years out. So if anything, we remain very encouraged about the growth outlook in DoD Tactical.
William Brown: Well, look, I mean yes, these things are shifting. It's not over weeks or months. It's over several years. And I think what we try to point out here in various investor meetings is that we've invested in new technologies over the last 3, 4, 5 years, in open-systems architecture, and that has matured itself. It's such a place where we won the open-system mission processor for the F-35, the brain of the F-35, which is a very, very big win. It's a multiyear platform, and we feel very good about that. That was a competitive win. We're also leveraging our open systems technology into other new platforms that -- at Boeing, the T-X and the MQ-25. You can imagine in the drive towards nonproprietary solutions. There are other platforms that are looking at this. Certainly, next-gen platforms will be open system. Even some opportunities on the F-18 to drive open systems, we've done that a couple of years ago. We've also made a lot of investments in electronic warfare over the last 3 or 4 years, moving to software-defined EW with better capabilities.  And those investments, I think, are positioning this company in a spot where we're growing on those long-term platforms. And we're growing and we're going at a faster rate than, I believe, others in areas because I believe we're taking share. We continued to perform well, the teams working hard driving -- making sure we're successful here. We continue to execute well.  And as we merge with L3, if anything, the combined capabilities will open up some new opportunities in some areas that we're not really on today. So Seth, it is competitive. The dynamic is shifting, but I think we're well positioned here.
William Brown: I think we're feeling as good today as we did before on $3 billion in 3 years. As Rahul mentioned, we're sort of over the last 12 months, over $2 billion of combined cash between us and L3. We see organic growth opportunities both internationally and domestically. We didn't really split those pieces, but we see organic growth driving cash generation. We see that the cash effect of cost synergies kicking in, another 6 or 7 days' worth of working capital, all of which gets us to that $3 billion range.  And if anything, sitting here today, we're more confident about that than we would've been 6 months ago, just given the trajectory since the merger announcement on growth in the company, on working capital improvements, on the things that we're all talking about in terms of prefunding pension which eliminates cash flow contribution several years out. So if anything, we feel better today on achieving $3 billion three years out.
William Brown: Well, it's very -- it's a very good question because we're seeing really good positive trends here. And I think what we see typically is our international partners, starting with the 5 Is and then moving to others, modernize and upgrade capabilities as they see the DoD upgrading with products. And those same products, for example, the 2-channel handheld, eventually starts to find its way into allied nations in -- starting with their special forces and then working into the regular services as well.  And that's a trend that we've seen here in the first couple of quarters of the year, very recently in the last quarter, into Canada, a couple of NATO countries in Europe. We see in Australia as well. So there's a positive momentum behind modernization. As you know, 1.5 years ago, we won a very large contract in Australia. We're executing well under modernization. So these things are all kind of going in waves. I believe the U.S. DoD, if you see the funding, were the front end of a multiyear modernization ramp.  And we're seeing the same thing now starting to occur in various countries around the world. U.K. is a little bit further out. It's probably 2 or 3 years out with the Morpheus program, which is the upgrade or modernization of the Bowman program. Just given some of the Brexit concern, I think that might have moved a little bit. But the reality, that's still out in the horizon. And we'll be a good player in all of those different competitions because of the strength of the product offering and the maturity of the product offering that we have here with the DoD.
William Brown: Well, it's a little bit too soon to kind of call what '20 is going to look like. I'd like to complete fiscal '19, and we'll provide some deeper guidance as we see some trends evolving beyond that. Just this year, it's evolving as we had expected. We're going to be up low to mid-single digits. The first half was up 7%. The back half is flat. We're up 4% year-to-date.  On the full year basis, we see up -- Asia Pacific up mid-single digits mainly because of the Australia ramp. We see Europe up mid-single digits, which is a positive outcome. Rahul just mentioned about what's happening in Western Europe. It's offsetting a decline in Eastern Europe as we had thought would happen. MEA, Middle East, Africa is about flat. Africa has been a strong market for us this year. We likely will see continued trends that are strong in Africa going into next year. CALA and Central Asia have both been relatively weak, but they're relatively small base. We do expect in '20 and beyond, those start to rebound. We see some good signals coming out of Brazil and Mexico about growth outlooks. We're seeing more positive news come out of Afghanistan because of the U.S. pullout -- anticipated pullout and the need to build their forces and equip their forces. There's some more -- likely, we'll see growth in Afghanistan. So we'll see some things shift around. This year, again, playing out as we expected, and I think we'll see sort of some of the same trends into next year.
William Brown: Well, this year, it's down quite a bit because -- and it was expected it would be down. There's a gap between initial operating capability and the full operating capability, which is moving from the one brigade to now another 4, so total of 5. And then there'll be other services, could be radios coming along. So we expect that to be a growth driver in fiscal '20. But we saw a little bit of a headwind here this year because of that particular transition.  The good news here is that the team has been doing exceptionally well here. The program has gone very well. The mission readiness exercise that was done with this one brigade towards the beginning of our fiscal year was very successful. Our reputation in UAE is very, very strong. If anything, we're more encouraged today about $1 billion total opportunity in the UAE than we would've been a year or so ago. So a little bit of transition here in fiscal '19 that we're absorbing, and we'll see the turnaround drive to growth in fiscal '20.
William Brown: Well, it's target, call it, win rate because they're very different markets, and it really is just an evolving one. I think the big open system competition, the one that's truly notable because of how sizable it was, was really on the F-35. And winning that -- that was a multiyear process, started with, I don't know, either 10 different competitors. It was down selected to 3. It was a head-to-head competition, and we won that competition over very, very formidable components and competitors in the space. And the team has just done such a great job with that. We brought great technology, great execution, a good cost structure. That also has allowed us to bridge into other new platforms. It started with some open-systems work we had done over some time at -- on F-18 with Boeing. So I think it's been several years. I think we're winning -- the ones that we're in, I think we're winning the ones that we happen to be on.  If you consider the JTRS platform as an open system, which you can because it's a [indiscernible] protocol in the waveforms, as you've seen over the last 5 years, we've become exceptionally well positioned on JTRS programs. To take you back 6 years or 5 years ago, we weren't even the Program of Record. We weren't even able to compete for the program dollars, and now we're actually competing. We've got -- we're on contracts. We're on programs. We're delivering radio. We're executing well. So I think this company has demonstrated an ability to find a way to win when it goes towards nonproprietary solution. That points to the agility of the company, but also to the willingness to invest ahead of the curve in R&D. And I think they all kind of go hand-in-hand together.
William Brown: Well, I don't believe they're in the supply chain on the robotics side, but there could be some opportunities here. I won't comment specifically on that, but there certainly could be. Look, I'm very pleased with what's happened on robotics from just where we were 3 or 4 years ago. As you know, we won the U.K. MoD program with the T7. It was £55 million or about $70 million. I think we've delivered, I don't know, 4 -- 10 units, I think, we delivered into the U.K. They're all performing exceptionally well. We've got a sort of a very strong support by the U.K. MoD as we go around the world and offer the T7. They love the robot. They love the performance of what we've shown. There's another opportunity called Dark Rose in the U.K. It's a smaller robot that we'd be competitive on. We're on the -- we're down selected on the Common Robotic System-Heavy, the CRS-H program in the U.S., which should be awarded sometime this summer. We think we're well positioned on that.  We think globally, the opportunity set is -- could be in the -- close to $1 billion here for robotics. So we're on the front end of this. And I think just the early wins with a strong -- very reputable MoD in the U.K., I think it's very encouraging for us in robotics.
William Brown: David, I think if we close at the end of our fiscal year or thereabouts, Chris and I will work then in July as we close our books and report earnings early in August. My thinking at the moment, I think Chris is aligned with this, is that we would guide to the stub year, the 6-month back end of our calendar '19 and then maybe towards the end of the year or early in calendar '20, then guide to '20. And that's kind of what we're thinking at the moment. Again, we'll say more in the coming months. It all hinges on when we actually close the transaction.  We're still contemplating cash EPS likely to exclude amortization expense. But any more detail on that in terms of exactly how we're going to report that, I think, is still going to be determined. And Chris and I with the CFO of the company will certainly give some thought to that and share more about that as we get closer to close.
Rahul Ghai: So as we look at margin expansion driven by the revenue growth, clearly, we've said that before, that this year in Communication Systems is a transition year for us as we ramp three new products: the Army handout, the SOCOM handout and the Army manpack. So as we work up the production ramp and take out costs, which we've got a great track record previously, We took out 47% of costs, for example, in the 117G post introduction, we're confident that Communication Systems margins will continue to trend up.  Same thing in Electronic Systems. We've done well taking out costs this year. We guided to 18.5% at the beginning of the year. We increased it to 19%. We had a plus sign in the guidance range. 80% of this business is fixed price. We will continue to drive margins in Electronic Systems as well, but the volume is a headwind especially as the growth is coming from long-term platform. So I think Communications Systems and Electronic Systems should drive margin expansion in the future years.
Rahul Ghai: And Carter, if I may add, the 1.03 book to bill that Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, that's the funded book to bill. If you include the unfunded portion of the awards we received in the quarter, we are at 1.3 book to bill for the quarter. And given the only other data point I would throw out there is that the backlog is up 15% year-over-year, as Bill mentioned, and 12% since we started the fiscal year, so good growth in backlog.
Rahul Ghai: No. Absolutely, Rob. We've said this before. I mean post close, our priority -- we've done with the debt repayment. With the sale of our Night Vision business, as even that closes, we're going to prefund the combined L3-Harris pension. And with that, Harris standalone pension is prefunded till 2025; L3 pension, should that be funded, till about '22 based on the modeling that we have done. So the pension should be funded with no near-term funding requirements.  And that would -- and we've said -- M&A, it won't be if it's absolutely critical. So all excess cash should go back to shareholders whether in form of dividends or share buyback. And dividends, we've kind of thought, I think, between 30% to 35% of our free cash. So that leaves a lot of firepower for share buyback. And we should keep -- we should need to keep about $500 million in the balance sheet. So all excess cash back -- goes back to shareholders.
Rahul Ghai: No. I think you're right. And I think even with everything else that's going on, I think we're growing margins this year. All segment margins are expanding in all 3 segments and, in response to Sheila's question, to kind of provide a little bit of forward-looking statements on our expected margins going forward.
Rahul Ghai: Colin, the only thing I'd add there is that if you look at our radio business, our investment in Europe is up more than 50% this year primarily driven by the modernization and some of the allied nations buying our radio products.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So a couple of different ways of looking at it, David. I mean clearly, we're driving more linear working capital performance through the year. And if you compare ourselves to last year Q4, where we had driven kind of half the cash flow for the full year in Q4, we got 20-plus days of working capital, call it 20 days of working capital improvement in Q4 last year. And this year, we're only getting less than 10 days. And that's driving a huge change between what we delivered in Q4 in cash last year, what we're delivering this year in Q4.  CapEx is a little bit up versus last year as well and step-up from Q3. So all in all -- and there is timing of tax payments, some accrued expenses. We've got some nonexecutive bonuses getting paid out in Q4 as well. So you put all that in, that's why Q4 is lower than Q4 last year in spite lower than Q3 '19 as well. But having said all that, I mean we are -- we've been delivering -- we delivered 10 days of working capital in Q2. We're delivering 12 days or better year-over-year performance in Q3. We're aiming for [indiscernible] in Q4. So there could be some upside to Q4 cash if we drive a little bit better performance in working capital.
