Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Harris’s. second quarter fiscal 2011 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section on our website. And with that, Howard, I'll turn it over to you.
Pamela Padgett: Okay, operator, I’ll take one more question if it’s quick, running little bit longer than we usually do.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us. And make sure you get our March 9th and 10th Analyst Meeting on your calendars and come down for some warmer weathers and I am sure you are experiencing. I thank everyone.
Garry McArthur: Thank you Howard. We continue to operate from a very solid financial base. As of quarter end we had $741 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, $720 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility and all of our $300 million 364 day revolving credit facility available. In the second quarter we generated $94 million of operating cash flow bringing our cash flow from operations for the first sis months of this fiscal year to $389 million; well ahead of the cash flow operation for the first six months of last year of $321 million. All three operating segments generated positive cash flow in the quarter. Based on our strong first half results, we are increasing our guidance for cash flow from operation from a range of $775 million to $825 million to an new range of $800 million to $850 million. During the quarter we issued $400 million of 10 year term debt at the coupon of 4.4%, $300 million of 30 year term debt at a coupon of 6.15% and paid-off substantially all of the commercial paper issued in conjunction with the acquisition of CapRock Communications. Our current plan is to use available cash on hand for the acquisition of Schlumberger GCS which is expected to close in the third quarter. By the way none of our guidance as provided in the earnings release or this call includes the expected financial results of Schlumberger GCS. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $49 million as compared to the $39 million in the second quarter of the prior year. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal 2011 are unchanged to $205 million to $215 million. Capital expenditures were $67 million for the second quarter as compared to $22 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. We have increased our fiscal year 2011 CapEx guidance from our previous range of $250 million to $275 million to a new range of $320 million to $340 million. The increase is primarily related to accelerating the build out of our cyber integration center and other growth initiatives. During the second quarter, Congress extended the R&D tax credit with its catch-up effect impacting the quarter favorably by $0.05 per diluted share. Though not in the second quarter guidance we provided as we chose not to guess when Congress would enact this legislation, it was included in our annual guidance and has no impact on our expected full year effective tax rate that remains at 33.5%. Finally, we bought back $50 million of outstanding common stock at an average price $4.13 and we have 350 million remaining in authorization under our share repurchase program. Back to you Howard.
Garry McArthur: Certainly for the year we continue to believe that orders will be greater than 50% from international and less than 50% from DoD.
Garry McArthur: Well I believe in general in those big international markets Pete, what we are talking about are long-term modernization programs where we have been selected as the supplier of choice and then we see the phased in release of orders as certain milestones are achieved. So in those five or six countries that we mentioned, there is about $1.5 billion of total program value that we believe we will receive, about half of that is included in the $2 billion pipeline of opportunities that we talk about when we say international. The other half of that would be sitting out beyond 15 months. So it would be tailend of fiscal 2012 or more likely fiscal 2013. All of this is intended to give you a level of comfort that on these large international multiyear modernization programs, we’re awarded the program sometimes an umbrella contract such as the undisclosed country contract we just talked about and then we get the actual orders over a period of quarters or years, but overall a very robust, certainly not all of the businesses within those five or six countries but it’s a big chunk and we wanted to highlight that the opportunities in those countries even extended out beyond the 15 month horizon that we usually speak to.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Gary. As we turn to outlook we are maintaining our previous financial guidance for fiscal 2011 with some ups and downs in the individual segments as compared to our previous outlook. Consolidated revenue is still expected to be at the high end of the range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 15% above fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition related cost is still expected to be in a range from $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; again excluding acquisition related costs, is now expected to be in a range of $1.22 billion to $1.24 billion, representing an EBITDA increase of 11% to 13% above fiscal 2010 and $10 million above our previous guidance range of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion. For RF Communication segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is now expected to be 9% to 10% higher than fiscal 2010, and this is slightly lower as a result of slower growth in Public Safety and Professional Communications, partially offset by stronger than expected Tactical Communications revenue. However, segment operating margin for the year is now expected to be higher, at about 32% in the back half of the year and between 34% and 35% for the full-year as a result of product mix and operating efficiency. For the Government Communications Systems segment, we now expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 21% higher in fiscal 2010. The core government systems and services revenue is still expected to be very strong at 6% to 8%, even in the face of the U.S. budget continuing resolution. We have reduced expected revenue contribution from the CapRock Communications acquisition, to a range of $360 million to $370 million. Overall segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 10.5% for the fiscal year, as a result of slightly lower CapRock revenue and the accelerated investment in our Cyber Integrated Solutions business. And for the Broadcast Communication segment, we now expect revenue in a range of $520 million to $540 million, that’s 7% to 11% higher than fiscal 2010 results with breakeven operating results. I remain optimistic about our ability to achieve revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2012 and we will discuss our strategy in more detail at our March Investor Day, which I hope you can all join. But for now, let me take a minute and give you some takeaways. We believe our core government systems and services business should continue to outperform its peers. As a result in past program wins and strong program execution. Our core RF Tactical Communication business is seeing strong international demand and the increasing adoption of our commercial business model with the U.S. Department of Defense versus the JTRS programs in record. We’re seeing improving economy that will provide healthier state and local budgets and along with our recently announced major program wins contract revenue and profit growth in our Public Safety & Professional Communications business. Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to resume and international energy markets are very robust. Our international position will be further enhanced by the pending acquisition of Schlumberger’s Global Connectivity Services business where we’ll create a global leader in managed satellite services for the energy, maritime and government markets. Our broadcast communications business performance has improved and offers the opportunity to contribute to future earnings growth and lastly our continued investments in attractive adjacent growth markets including healthcare and cyber integrated solutions should provide a robust funnel of new opportunities for revenue and profit growth going forward. At this time I’ll ask the operator to open the line and we’ll be pleased to take your questions
Howard Lance: We’re saying that’s the opportunity for new orders, we don’t expect to win a 100% of that. We certainly expect to win a 100% of these blanket contracts that we’ve been awarded. But those would be orders and then they would turn into revenue typically in kind of the six to twelve month timeframe for international is usually what we talk about, the turnaround in U.S. orders tends to be a little faster.
Howard Lance: Well, let's talk about the RF segment. First of all, remember we've got three businesses. Two of them make up what we call the Core Tactical Communications business, the DoD part and the International part, and then the third piece being our Public Safety and Professional Communications business. So, let me just talk very briefly to each one of those, recognizing that we’re very early and we are not giving any specific guidance. In the DoD part, we certainly expect that sequentially, revenue in '12 will be lower than '11 and that’s based on the wind down of the MRAP program. We are very pleased with the growth that we had outside of MRAP. But we don’t see another big MRAP program coming there. We expect that’s going to be lower but still very, very significant. Offsetting that decline, though, will be continued growth we believe based on the orders and the opportunity pipeline in international. So, we expect international to drive higher revenue than '11 and offset decline in the DoD piece. And then we certainly expect a significant growth in the public safety business and profit increase as a result of the higher revenue. So, net net, when I add all of that together, we would say, our current perspective, given that we are long away from fiscal year 2012, is that we can see a path to higher revenue in the segment and sustainable earnings in the segment, assuming everything that we assume plays out as advertised. So, we think that’s a very good prognosis for the RF segment. We certainly don’t see any kind of a major drop-off in that segment in profitability in fiscal year ‘12 based on the current assumptions we’re using.
Howard Lance: That would represent Joe, about a 0.8 to 0.9 book-to-bill. So we’ve come off of the 1.0 book-to-bill for the Tactical radio part of the business. We’re actually seeing stronger orders than we previously expected in the Public Safety & Professional Communications business. So I think overall backlog in the segment will be about as we had expected previously and it was $1.52 billion I think I reported at the end of Q2. We expected to grow in second half of the year as a result of these new orders that we have been notified of, our new contracts but all of them have not turned to orders. Overall, we’re feeling a good about the Tactical Comms piece, we’re feeling very good about the Public Safety piece.
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s anyone order, I think it’s the timing of when we expect to get orders. Again, I emphasize another way that we’ve lost any major business, so I would attach it to the timing of when follow-on orders are going to be provided in international and when additional funding of orders will be available in DoD.
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s a 100% because it is milestone based and we have to do some things to continue to earn it. We don’t think its necessarily in this fiscal year. So it is in that opportunity pipeline $200 million of the $2 billion would be that one program. We’re feeling very confident on it, but the timing will probably be next fiscal year. But never a 100% Joe, I don’t think you ever say that because we don’t have the order.
Howard Lance: Well again when we add up the kind of total program opportunities in five or six countries that I mentioned, they add up to about $1.5 billion. That we have not received as orders. So that’s the remaining portion, our programs that are being funded, combination of locally or some of it through FMS and about half of that are opportunities we believe we will realize within our opportunity pipeline, which we use about a 15 month rolling kind of five quarters when we talk about that pipeline and the rest of it would be then outside of that business that will come into the pipeline as we move into say fiscal year ’13.
Howard Lance: I think the bottom-line is our momentum in international is really significant both in terms of the timing of these orders and the scale of the opportunities, and so that’s certainly making us feel good about our momentum there. And as I said earlier, that gives us a lot of comfort in terms of what we can deliver in the overall segments.
Howard Lance: Thanks for the question Rich. Our guidance assumes that kind of the spring we get through the continuing resolution. We don’t have any huge program that I am aware of that is kind of sitting there waiting for this bill. The good news is we don’t have a lot of major programs that are falling off, so we haven’t have to count on a lot of programs that aren’t already up and running and to fill any holes. We have seen in a couple of our classified areas that we finished mission and some program and we not seen the new funding for the next mission or next program. So I think there Sheldon would say there is a few classified programs that we are hoping will get released with the continued resolution being succeeded by a budget approval. But outside of that, I am not aware of any big ones.
Howard Lance: I don’t think I know anything that’s not out in the public domain, Rich, GMR, as I understand, it is going to be funded on a very limited basis going forward, fielded, I think, to one brigade combat team only on a very limited basis. I think the pricing for that very, very complex and expensive radio system has caused DoD to want to go in a different direction and to field more affordable radios that can be distributed down ashalone [ph]. Clearly Harris is participating in that decision and I see us as benefiting as a result of what our Falcon III is doing in the field. With regard to any other specifics to the HMS program, I don’t really know anything new. Again, none of those radios for the programs of record are in any kind of limited production. There’s still in the engineering and test phase to the best of my knowledge. We are still the only ones that are fielding radios that are doing what the troops needed to do today which is take advantage of the wide band networking. As you know, we are incorporating the SRW waveform into the Falcon Radios. We are augmenting that with our existing ANW II Harris waveform for wideband networking. We continue to offer that waveform to the DoD, should they want to establish it in the library [ph] as a standard. And just, bottom line, we continue to gain momentum and credibility as each quarter goes by and we are seeing that in the orders. I think the other thing on Falcon III to note is the up tick in the international. We’re now up to something like I think it’s 20 or more international countries have taken their initial deliveries of Falcon III and as you’ve heard this talk before to me, this is the beginning of a wave that will not only continue in the U.S. but then will be picked up and adopted in these international countries and Falcon III is not involved in all of those international contracts and programs that I'm talking about. It is in Australia for example that was one of the reasons I think we won that one but again many of the other countries will still be deploying Falcon II radios and we’ll have the opportunity down range for Falcon III upgrades. We also continue to have a lot of success with our secure personal radios, this is the smaller-form-factor radio we’re marketing internationally and I think now we’re up to over 35 international countries that have taken additional initial deliveries on the SPR. So lots of momentum in both Falcon III adoption in domestically as well as internationally with Falcon III and the SPR.
Howard Lance: It’s tracking lower than we had expected at the beginning of the year as a result of the lower volume. It’s also been affected by the mix of revenue with state and local budgets being tight, the kinds of things that they aren’t doing is buying as many replacement and backup tactical handsets. The margin on the terminal so the handsets is  a lot higher than systems, so the revenue is a little lower, but the mix is skewed a little less favorably as well and then two of those are having an impact on operating margins. We think that both revenue and those margins will perk up next year as a result of stronger demand.
Howard Lance: Well, Gautam I mean, my telescope isn’t that good. I will tell that we’ll talk about this certainly in March as we cover strategy at the investor meeting. But certainly the way we want you to think about the business, solid foundation in our core government systems business, may not grow as quickly as it has because of overall pressure on defense spending. And our RF segment, international Tactical radios and the systems they are part of as well as Public Safety I think have excellent growth prospects. DoD as I already have said we expect to be lower in ‘12 than ‘11, but that’s a lower as in zero; its lower, still a very healthy level and one that I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t be able to sustain for the go forward. And then, you got all the growth opportunities on top of that from the energy business with CapRock and Schlumberger, government managed services with satellite, our cyber business, our healthcare business and some recovery in broadcast. So, we certainly think we’re going to layout a profile that’s going to suggest to investors that ‘12and ‘13 and beyond offer good growth prospects for the company and that we’re not going to go  in hole in ‘12 or ‘13 because of a slowdown in government and defense spending. Now, obviously lots of assumptions go into that but that’s our view today and we’ll talk a lot more around that and our strategies that are going to make that happen at then Investor Day.
Howard Lance: The answer of the second part of the question is, if you ask we would require the NSA approval and certification. This whole mission module concept is still in its infancy and we have not made any specific dates on the productization of it. We are working toward engineering prototypes right now on the various concepts as you heard us talk about second channels and HF appliqué and intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance appliqué and appliqué that might include other specialized waveforms. We think the prototype process is a quick and cost-effective way to understand and test the markets with the customers. And so, that’s where we are right now and we haven’t made any decision. We are probably six months away from making any firm investment decision. But it's really allowed us to engage in an excellent discussion with the customer. And I think, it's also illustrated our agility and our flexibility with our commercial business model in responding to the mission needs.
Howard Lance: I don’t know that it would take that long. We would do things in parallel and we have a pretty good track record. But I think, it is fair to say at this point we’re not baking into a lot of our expectations for fiscal ‘11 or ‘12 much from this Mission Module appliqué product distention.
Howard Lance: Well, thank you for mentioning. We were very pleased with the deployment of this really revolutionary 22-meter hoop design on the SkyTerra satellite and yes our view is that we don’t have any material risk going forward in any of the programs that are under contract and we start to see some pickup coming and additional opportunities in that business, now that we have this proven-designs and opportunities to take on some new contracts at materially better margins without taking on additional risk. So overall, we’ve kind of come through the valley in that business and my hats off to my team for accomplishing some really difficult tactical challenges and putting us back on I think a positive track.
Howard Lance: Yes so  where I’d like you to think about the investments we made in the business is an acceleration. So it’s not a new investments but it’s doing it this fiscal year rather than next fiscal year. We believe we have a significantly differentiated solution as relates the security, how we handle that and how we manage the architecture, the system to really make this a trusted cloud computing environment. And as a result we made the decision to invest sooner, both in capital as well as in operating expense and people to get organized, to ramp up that business and that has created a larger CapEx in fiscal 2011. Garry included in his guidance now the total, the largest amount of that delta was the acceleration of about $50 million from next year into this year for the cyber center. The second element is acceleration to people and yes in what I said about $20 million of operating loss in this fiscal year, in our current guidance buried within the overall segment and that number is larger than we would have expected a couple of quarters ago because we’re pulling in the people and we’ll start taking some depreciation and amortization on the CapEx. So we think this is a great business opportunity and we believe it was prudent to make those investments now rather than to wait six months and that’s kind of the story.
Howard Lance: Well, the objective was to pull ahead the investment in people and capital so that we pulled forward the revenue. So we expect as a result of doing this to have more revenue and profitability in fiscal 2012 than we would have had had we not done it. And again, we’ll be talking about some specifics, certainly some color around this in the March analyst meeting.
Howard Lance: I mean, bottom-line we certainly don’t expect the cyber integrated solution business to have a $20 million operating loss in fiscal 2012. We certainly expect that it will do much better than fiscal 2011 and that it will be the source of some our EPS improvement year-over-year.
Howard Lance: Well, there is a lot of rhetoric and I am not sure that, I have any particular insight into that, other than, I think, that where we are positioned, communications, information technology, ISR, mission critical spending, no big programs dropping off. I feel like we are going to probably fare better, not necessarily because of the budget but because of where we have focused our business and the distribution of our various programs across so many different agencies. I think the whole industry certainly will see fewer new programs started. We talked about that before. I don’t think that’s a surprise and what exactly our growth rate will be in fiscal '12 over '11 remains to be communicated. But I feel pretty comfortable in saying our positioning should allow us to outperform the peer group. Whether on an absolute basis, we like that or not, that remains to be seen.
Howard Lance: But I don’t think -- I guess, we have to continue to work harder on communicating because to take the mix of business that Harris has and where we are investing and what our portfolio looks like going forward and lump us together with prime DoD contractors, to me, it just doesn’t make a lot of sense. We will be talking a lot about that in the March Analyst Meeting. This company going forward is much better positioned because of where we are in government and DoD, where we are in our international programs and where we are with a number of these initiatives that are driving commercial markets in energy, healthcare and allowing us to take to this commercial markets what we already do very well and very credibly in the government space. So hopefully overtime, we’ll be able to distance ourselves from the pack and not because they are good companies but because they are serving the same markets going forward as we are.
Howard Lance: Mark, you’re kind of garbled so I’ll try and see if I got the question is right. Your first question was around products versus services. Clearly, our business model in the CapRock and Schlumberger GCS is to offer managed service and that is a certain commitment to a service level agreement, certain commitment to bandwidth connectivity, a certain lists of services for a fixed price on a monthly and annual basis in contracts. There are some product sales that are a part of that but our preference is to really deploy the whole thing and give the customer one-price tag on a monthly or annual basis for the services they want and let us worry about all of the equipment and details required to provide that. That also gives us the ability then with that fixed price. We’ve locked in the cost of the space segment. We have an opportunity to our efficiencies and scale economies to improve margins. So that’s our preferred model. Do we sometimes sell products? Yes. But the predominant is the services and that’s true both in the government and the energy and the maritime pieces that make up their business. With regard to your second question, certainly it’s a very fragmented market, we made two major acquisitions, there maybe opportunities down the road to do others, but you shouldn’t look for us to be doing anything major in this segment of the kind of scale we’ve just done for a while. We want to integrate what we have, this really is a merger if you think about it. Harris had a maritime communications business, we’ve now acquired back in July the CapRock communications business and now we are acquiring Schlumberger’s GCS business. So, Peter Shaper who leaves this group is really focused on putting all of these together with the right organization, the right global footprint and the most efficient operating processes. So we won’t let that get done before we would bring any more into the mix, so I suspect that’s a couple of years down the road, Mark.
Howard Lance: I don’t know that I know the percentage that is funded by U.S. government but it appears to be a decreasing percentage. This large contract for example, we can’t disclose the customer that is not U.S. government funded. Australia is not U.S. government funded. I don’t that believe that Mexico is U.S. government funded. So, U.S. government is certainly still involved in places like Afghanistan, Pakistan. But you know, going forward in Iraq that will be locally funded, sometimes they run the contracts through the foreign military funding process because they don’t have all the processes in their own country. But that doesn’t mean it really being funded by U.S. government dollars. So, in general more of it is being funded by local national funds.
Howard Lance: Yeah. I don’t think when it comes to earnings it would be material, Josephine. It could have some negative effect at the revenue line in our government systems and services businesses. But I don’t see it as being material in a big picture in earnings.
