Bill Brown: Okay, thanks Rahul. So overall, we're performing exceptionally well in all segments and across all metrics. Orders, revenue, backlog, margins, earnings per share, cash, and we're on track for a record year. There has been a lot of discussion around the GFY 20 Defense budget. We continue to believe that the President supports increased funding to meet national security demands and with outlays continuing to lag budget appropriations overall as well as in the budget lines that matter to Harris, we expect growth momentum to continue in the medium term in the mid-to-high-single-digit range. From this position of strength, we decided about three months ago to merge with L3 to create a leading global defense company. We are well into the regulatory process and continue to expect a mid calendar 2019 close. On January 10, we received a second request for information from the Department of Justice and we continue to work cooperatively with the DOJ on its review. As part of the regulatory process, we're moving proactively to explore the possible sale of our Night Vision business. The government shutdowns affected to team handling our merger filing but we believe we have enough slack in the schedule to absorb the near-term delay without impacting the mid-year closing. We’re also tracking well in international approval processes including European Commission and we've held informal discussions with the UK authority should a filing be required in the event of a hard Brexit at the end of March. Integration planning is progressing well with about 50 dedicated leaders from Paris and L3 who are leveraging Harris’s Exelis experience and skill set to develop detailed plans to achieve $500 million of cost synergies and $3 billion of free cash flow. Chris and I are deeply involved in the integration planning and have weekly meetings with the teams to ensure that we capture the full value of the merger and hit the ground running on day one following the close. We both have spent considerable time meeting and getting to know each other's leadership team and have made good progress in developing an organizational model that's lean, mission-focused, and leverages the best of both companies. All in all, we're tracking on or ahead of schedule as we execute this transformational combination. So with that, let me ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Bill Brown: No, I think this is just a continuation of a very, very strong ramp in the DoD business, last year, if you remember, we increased our guidance through the year, we started off in the high teens 20%, we ended in the mid-30s, we're seeing a similar trajectory this year but a shift from readiness to modernization, the modernization ramp clearly has happened, we're seeing significant growth in modernization spend as we expected and have communicated to our investors over the last couple of years.
Bill Brown: Well I think you'll hear from Chris later on this afternoon on his business and his performance last year, his expectations for this year I think overall Chris and I have worked well together, we're working well with the team. One of the key focus areas of integration is on operational excellence and certainly L3 as L365 we have our HPX program and putting them together we think collectively we will find a way through the combined companies to continue to execute, execute better, capture our revenue and cost synergy. So Rob I think it's all good stuff and I think the company's going to benefit from both our programs in 2019 and beyond.
Bill Brown: Well, it's a good question because just on specifically on MUOS, we made an investment a few years ago to customize that waveform, so it's easy to download and just a software download onto our 117 G, we have about 30,000 out in the field U.S. DoD, International not all of them will be upgraded, some will be replaced with a new radio particularly in the Army. So we think the opportunity for us is something around 70,000 radios maybe a bit more than that. I think we've already installed about 10,000 in the Marine Corps, a few in the Air Force, so we still see some upside, in DoD, we see some upside in just specifically in MUOS and international markets like particularly in Canada, in this part of the long run plan for the company and we've seen that shift in how we're spending IRAD moving from hardware development to software and waveform development, we think that's going to be a differentiator for that business in the future.
Bill Brown: So I think the question was on ES. It was a little bit difficult to hear. But we're very proud of what they've done; they're growing very well for the first half up 7.5% about the same for the back half. So again 7%, 8% for the year, margins are good and actually getting better in the year, we feel really good about long-term platforms, we've talked about our avionics business, electronic warfare across those three platforms I mentioned before F-18, F-16 and F-35 we're really excited about the wins we've seen in F-35, the future is very, very bright in that business, we see over the course of the back end of the year continued growth in orders particularly around developments in the UAE and we see a lot of optimism going into fiscal 2020. So yes the whole team I think has done exceptionally well in managing their investments, positioning their business very well, growing the pipeline and you're seeing the results of that hard work comes through in fiscal 2019.
Bill Brown: Yes, okay. So no change today in terms of our expectations or in cost synergies, still $500 million gross, $300 million net, over the next three years. In the building blocks that haven't changed either about 50% is coming from direct and indirect spend and facility rationalization. We see about 25% from the consolidation of the headquarters functions and segments, and the other 25% from functional efficiency shared services, it really comes from both companies, there's not initially more coming from one or the other we see about 40% of that or so happening in the first year mainly from segment and headquarter consolidation, we will see some indirect spend coming through as well but look we've been through this path before with Exelis. We've spent the last six or seven years at Harris developing an operational excellence agenda, a rigor around that it extends well beyond supply chain, it goes into our factories, it goes into our engineering function, it's permeated across all of our administrative functions, we've leveraged a shared service center. So today we have all of our IT across the company centralized in one location, 15 other processes, financial and others that are now centralized in a shared service activity. I think L3 is further at the front end of that journey and you'll see some margin upside that will come simply because that's the path that they were on themselves. So we'll see that -- we'll see margins grow in the combined company through both what they have laid out in the rest for us about a point of margin growth on their own not a point on Harris side plus another 150 or so, 200 basis points on synergies. So this is a great story that's playing itself out. I think the story is really compelling, that translates into free cash. I think I've got a lot of confidence in hitting $3 billion of free cash in three years, we're starting from about $2 billion we will see some organic growth. In the back part of it is really the after-tax cost synergies but also keep in mind working capital performance. This is something that we've been able to achieve pretty well at Harris post Exelis, we took about 20 days out of working capital, we're only assuming six or seven days out of the combined company which will have 70 days. So I feel very optimistic about generating additional cash coming out of the combined company, Rob.
Bill Brown: Yes, the -- what was in the S4 was generated in our strategic plan earlier last year. We've seen a little more -- little more tailwind in the budget, a little more tailwind in our numbers, you see we are taking our revenue guidance up this year, so we still see our growth in the mid-to-high-single-digit. I think in the S4 it was around 3%, 6%, 7% CAGR over the next three, four, five years. We're probably a little bit better than that today based on what we're now seeing in fiscal 2019 and again this is we're seeing really good growth trajectories, our pipelines are strong, they're getting replenished quickly they're growing, our backlog is growing. So I feel certainly better today about 2019 and beyond than what we would have been feeling six to 12 months ago.
Bill Brown: The short cycle part of our business probably relates mostly to our Tactical business and principally the DoD business. But in that area we're seeing growth in orders backlog is way up, the budgets look very, very strong, certainly what we've seen over the next four to five years, they essentially have doubled their last two years, it's kind of pretty substantially there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. We see the budgets growing in the tactical line items by another 30%, 40% in next three or four years. A lot of it’s been driven by Army modernization SOCOM modernization but also the Marine Corps is coming in as well. So we've seen a great trajectory here. When I look at just the budget even if it does flatten off a little bit as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, appropriations are running well ahead of outlays overall and in our line items as well and I think that's going to provide some nice tailwind for us. So I don't see our short cycle business tailing off at all. In fact if anything in the first half, we saw getting a bit stronger.
Bill Brown: Okay, good, thanks, Carter. Two good questions, I'd love to say that we're gaining share in public safety, I can't really say for sure we've had two very good quarters, we've had a series of quarters four or five in a row where we've seen backlog growing book-to-bill during very positive, the first half revenue was up double-digits which is in my seven years here have never happened. We still seen very good strong order momentum, some, some good bookings. I think it comes back to where we've been over the last couple of years, quality is getting a bit better, we’re seeing a great reception on new products. Adding Nino and the team there are doing a very good job in building our sales force, improving our channel performance, and we're starting to win a bit more on utilities, couple of big state contracts penetrated federal bit better. I think the market is up, it's certainly not up double-digits but the market is a bit stronger but I think we're on a good trajectory here too early to claim success. We've had two good quarters, we're expecting a good year, we are expecting the PSPC to be up high-single-digits which I don't think I've ever thought to be able to say but that's actually a great trend. And I'd love to be sitting here in six months from now looking back on just fiscal 2019 and saying we had a really good year. So off to a really good start, I'm proud of what the team has done in turning that business around and growing the margins, growing the top-line but too soon to say whether it's officially turned around in a great business. So we'll see. On the piece on the IRAD, it's a very good question we're just starting to hit into that between us and L3. Collectively we will spend a little north of $600 million in IRAD maybe $640 million something like that $640 million probably little north of 3% of our revenue combined and we're just now looking at what we spend, what they spend is still very early in this process and we will shape that based on where we see growth opportunities both on organic basis or independent of one another but also on a combined basis, the teams have started to get together and discuss revenue synergies of probably more than hundred ideas that they've come up with, some very interesting ones and over the next six to 12 months, I think the team will start to shape what the IRAD budget will look like in our priorities. And I would imagine it will get shaped, it will shift a bit, based on revenue opportunities that we hadn't seen before between the two companies. So I think more to say probably in the next six months but not much more I can say on that today.
Bill Brown: Yes, Night Vision for us this year will be in the $150 million to $160 million range, it's probably mid-teens margin there about.
Bill Brown: So it's so good question. So the pipeline is about $1.6 billion on the DoD side, it's up about 12%, 13% year-over-year. A lot of it's coming out of modernization, so we're starting to see this long awaited modernization trend, we're really at the front end of it, modernization revenue for this year we think is in the $270 million to $275 million range. It's up substantially from last year. We see continued support, continued momentum in special operations. We're now shipping into second half of the 2-channel radio, the army we're shipping a 2-channel radio we're down the path of the Manpack or SOCOM, we're heading down the path on delivering on the first LRIP for Manpack, we will see another LRIP coming at the back end of this year probably a third one next year. OT will be next summer, the Marine Corps is now starting to position for their own modernization by. So we're on the front end to what I still believe is a really important ramp, couple of years ago the budgets were about $650 million this year $950 million, according to last year's FDAP they peak around $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. So I think we've got a lot of headroom in front of us and as I look at that and just see what's happened over the last three years in our business we've grown about two-thirds in that business. There could be another substantial uptick in our revenue in DoD in the next three years just based on what we see in the budget, the momentum in the business, even with some expectations of a little bit more share gain in that DoD side, the business could be in the range of $900 million to a $1 billion in three years. So we continue to see very good momentum and no hiccups whatsoever but right now in the DoD business, Gautam.
Bill Brown: I think the next thing that we will be talking about probably is once the S4 is approved by the SEC, and we issue you a proxy there will be a shareowners meeting, I can't tell you exactly when that's going to be, that's not the long pole in the tent, it's really getting HSR approval from the U.S. DoD, we probably won't announce anything on the new board structure until after the shareowners meeting. So that'll probably be in the spring timeframe, I'm not sure what other milestones or events we'll be announcing but we still believe based on what we've seen that we'll be able to close by mid calendar year and again should we see any change from that, we will communicate with investors appropriately.
Bill Brown: Well, I think I was hearing most of that Myles but look I think the way I look at that opportunity is combined at the end of calendar 2018, we had about 70 days of working capital, so L3 ended around 80, we are about 50 on a comparable apples-to-apples basis to about 70. We're sitting at 50, we took 20 days out with Exelis, we're only was assuming six or seven days out at about $35 million per day more or less, I do think there's opportunities to go beyond that. We have -- we've assigned a consultant team a clean team to kind of look at working capital both Harris and L3 look at the specific entities where we have higher than normal working capital of specific items, some of it is payables, locked inventory, lot of unbilled, those opportunities certainly on the inventory side do take time to action and to achieve that's why we say over the course of three years, we'll be bringing that down. But I believe that there's anything six to seven day improvement is probably, probably on the conservative side, I think there's probably an opportunity to do a bit better than that. And top of that we do see organic growth and just on normal sort of drop through in our business in a 20% tax rate, we do see cash growth simply coming from organic growth. And the other we don't really talk much about is on the capital spending side where we do some of our facilities there might be a little opportunity on capital spending, there is probably a little opportunity on cash taxes, so we've got a lot of things that I think are trending as tailwinds for us that gives us Chris and I a lot of confidence to be able to get $3 billion three years down.
Bill Brown: So on the 40%, I wasn’t sure I heard all the question 40% of the $500 million of gross synergy will happen year once about $200 million that's going to basically be segment and CHQ consolidations and some indirects. And that's really where that is going to come from. I don't think we really guided anything in terms of working capital improvements in the first year but I know we'll see something, we'll see something in calendar 2019, we'll see more in 2020, we'll see more in 2021, so I don't think it will be -- it's probably a couple of days I guess, we'll see this year. But I think we're really suggesting more than that, we're still seeing six to seven days over the next three years.
Bill Brown: Yes, so, thank you, Jon, that's a great question. So we had a really good year last year in terms of readiness demand, remember there was a couple of security forces, systems brigade that we fielded that was with the Army, we may see another one this year, we saw a lot of opportunities with the Air Force last year, we saw a little bit more this year on their TAC piece as well as their base support. So readiness now we are starting to shift over this year into modernization, I think you're exactly right there's a lot more stickiness on that there's a discrete budget that's specific to the HMS program to the SOCOM handheld programs the SOCOM Manpack in the Marine Corps, they are specific budget items. So I think there is a lot more stickiness to that, there's IDIQ vehicles both all the services are buying off of those IDIQ vehicles. So we feel very good about what's happening this year-end and really the expectation that that's going to continue into next year. There's a very clear plan that SOCOM in the Army have laid out as to how they want to buy, how they want to feel based on those radios when they want to test, the budgets are coming off of so all of that seems to have a lot more predictability than what we saw in readiness. So to your point I think that's exactly right, we'll see a little more stickiness and predictability on modernization.
Bill Brown: Well, look I think the conversation is not a lot different recently than it might have been a year or two ago which is you're right, they do want more for less that that makes sense, they drive the budgets are coming up but affordability is key. They want innovation; they should industry to step up on innovation, spending our own money we have done that, L3 also has done that in significant way. There has been conversations around contract financing that's still a live wire still a live switch but these are the things are sort of going on in the background but at the end of the day, it's a -- according to National Defense Strategy, there's a lot of opportunities to continue to invest, develop new capabilities, field capabilities faster to the war fighter, so every conversation is around innovation, speed to feel the capabilities, affordability those are incentivizing industry to perform, these are all the basic parts of our conversation with DoD including some meetings we had last week.
Bill Brown: Well look at, this is our classified business in space has been very, very strong and call space in general, it's space ground other parts of the different domains that we participate in but the trends have been very, very good. We had a really good start, orders are good, the pipeline is very strong in that business, we've had good success in growing our smallsat franchise. This is something that we've been investing towards for the last four or five years or longer. Certainly the initial work we've done on hosted payloads it is an investment to get ahead of the curve on smallsat are now paying dividends, it's not just with one customer, it's multiple customers both in the IC as well as within DoD. So it's all good news. We launched HSAT with couple of months ago, it's performing very well. The purpose of that investment was simply to demonstrate Harris ability to drive and manage an end-to-end mission. So to be able to build a satellite itself provide all the components, secure launch and do all agreement ground command-and-control and downlink all from our facilities and that is now sort of proven some credibility there. There were another two classified smallsat that launched at the end of last year as well they are also performing well. So again this is a great momentum that's being built and I see continued growth in that particular domain, it's all this drive towards more resiliency in our space architecture. That being said there are still investments to recapitalize on exquisite side, we've also seen good growth on exquisite space, that's a big driver of our growth in 2019 from 2018 and will continue into 2020 and 2021. So that's also quite good and on the ground-based adjacency that program over the last two years has tripled in size, again it's moving from providing a component to now a full mission solution on a whole different mission. So lot of this over the last four or five years is really from this trend that we've been working on moving from components to sub-systems to full end-to-end mission solutions, sometimes that takes investment in IRAD, sometimes it takes building and launching your own smallsat but that's a direction we are moving down. And it allows us to go after a much bigger piece of the overall classified budget which by the way is growing as well. So this is the right direction that we're moving in and the team there Bill Gattle and his team have been very successful, really across all of these dimensions.
Bill Brown: Yes, this has been, just a growth agenda, growth strategy we've had for the last three years and we've been articulating that with investors. We have principally in the Tactical business been a ground radio business and we saw two growth opportunities in adjacencies, one in the airborne side, airborne radios and the other is on systems, tactical systems, communication systems and we've been successful early on across both of those dimensions. We've been winning business on airborne radios, it's on the smallsat terminal, it's a component with ViaSat that's been growing very, very well. We have an opportunity to take our 2-channel handheld radio and embed it into the ARC-201 a radio we got with the Exelis acquisition as well as some capability of providing radios in the aerial tier from Exelis. We see opportunities in doing ground to air data links, that's been a very important growth business for us as well. So this is a good growth opportunity for us as they move and merge between the airborne tier and the ground tier and connecting the two, we think this is going to continue to be sort of a growth vector for Harris in the future certainly even more so with L3.
Bill Brown: Yes, so the last I've seen the they call the national intelligence program, the military intelligence programs the NIP and MIP total about $81 billion, it's up couple of percent from last year, it's been growing over the last three or four years again these budgets tend to be a little bit more resilient more well funded, they are generally classified, we don't get a lot of data across the individual spending, a line item certainly not that we can talk in a open community. But basically what we've seen are more funding going towards those things that we've been putting our money and turning on against in terms of IRAD and that is towards like things like smallsat. That's an area that has been we have seen increasing growth in the intelligence budgets and we're getting the benefit of that, a lot more money into the broad category of space superiority. So how we protect your brand architecture that we happen to have and we've seen over the last three or four years, our space superiority business grow, I talked a bit about some opportunity we won recently on counter communications. So there's opportunities in that space as well and as well on our ground adjacencies, this is capabilities to find ways of gathering information where becomes harder to gather over time. And that -- those are the kind of things that the where the budgets are moving from a classified perspective and it's the areas that we've been focused on internally within the company over the last four or five years as well.
Bill Brown: Yes, so we'll see probably later on this calendar year, I know there is series of launches that still need to be determined is going to be based on when they get to the customer or when the customer secures a right for those particular smallsat that would be part of some other mission. So that will be determined but it will happen over the next one to two years probably and as we prove out our ability to successfully launch these satellites and for them to perform and provide really terrific capabilities, I think that's going to build credibility and I think you'll see much better cadence here. So we're starting from 10s and now going to hundreds. The constellation will be in the hundreds not in the 10s or 20s. So we do see over time that that could be a very big opportunity for the company again it starts slow and we have to prove out our ability and the customers ability to manage these capabilities on a smaller platform.
Bill Brown: Well, I think it's going to be substantial and you're right, I think a lot of other players are pushing into that area, it's not like launching a Nanosatellite or your CubeSat, there's a lot more specific capabilities that are provided we're offering. It's not our bus we're securing the satellite bus from another vendor it's more the bus itself is more commodity like it's really around the capabilities are embedded on the platform, the response of payloads, the antennas, the capability there how you up and download information, how you manage it, so there's a lot more sophistication, so these are pretty technologically advanced small satellites, I think we're probably year or two in the lead. We have a few that are operating, so that gives us some credibility but at the end of the day the team has to continue to work hard to advance the technology, continue to drive cost down embed more capability on to these small satellites and that's what the team is really focused on doing that.
