William M. Brown: Okay, well, thank you, Gary. During this time of transition in the U.S. government market, we're focused on the things that we control. We're implementing further cost reduction actions to position our company for success and we'll continue to adapt as the market dictates, adjusting our cost structure accordingly, while investing in long-term growth. Our focus is also on execution. Our initiatives in Healthcare Solutions in CapRock are not producing the revenue growth and improved margins as quickly as expected. The integration has been difficult and progress has been choppy, as the businesses still lack maturity in systems and processes. We have new leadership at healthcare and at the INS segment level. We've mobilized the best talent from across the company, and we're focused on rapidly addressing these issues. The healthcare market and the energy and maritime market addressed by CapRock are strong in growing, and we're committed to building the talent and skill set to support these businesses as part of a broader, multi-year strategy of excessing, growing commercial markets and creating a larger international footprint. A transformation to this scale have its challenges like we're currently experiencing, but we remain confident about our ultimate success in executing our strategy. We are committed throughout our company to operational excellence, continuous improvement and increasing customer value, and doing these things well would drive superior shareholder returns. And now with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, we knew that coming into the year that international would be higher than the DoD business on orders, on sales and that remains to be the case throughout the full year.
William M. Brown: I mean, we expect the fourth quarter is going to be pretty strong on the international business, and I think consistent in the fourth quarter as like for the full year, probably 8 to 10 points higher in international than it is on the DoD side.
William M. Brown: Yes, well, look, we -- our forecast in our guidance, as we see it today, is based on a bottoms-up approach and we've spoken with all of our customers. We do this as we normally do program by program, opportunity by opportunity, and obviously, we scrubbed this pretty closely as carefully as best as we can, knowing the information that's at our fingertips. It seems on the DoD side, the team is quite confident that with the appropriations bill that's been signed, the procurement freeze that we've seen so far over the course of the last several months is starting to fall. In fact, the dialogue that we're seeing with DoD customers is showing a little more confidence and optimism today than really just another -- a month or 2 ago. On the international side, we are seeing good progress, really good movement on some opportunities. Gary talked about a number of them in Iraq, principally the MoD, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Poland, country in Central Asia. Not all of those, Carter, have to book and ship in order to hit our guidance. And I think the $500 million increase in the CECOM IDIQ, I think, is a very positive sign for us overall in the support of the U.S. government for certain international markets. So we believe our forecast, our guidance here for the fourth quarter is appropriately calibrated and hedged, and that we feel comfortable that we can hit the guidance range that we set for the full year.
William M. Brown: Our long-term target for INS hasn't changed from before. We still see ourselves getting into the low teens over all. We do know that in the IT services business. Margins will come down. They've been very solid for the year. We've been pleasantly surprised with the performance, of the team, and taking out costs as revenue changes and margins have stayed in the pretty solid double-digit rate through the course of fiscal '13 and we feel pretty good about that. That being said, it's not materialized as strongly as we had hoped in both healthcare and CapRock, and instead of the several hundred basis point improvement in CapRock margins for the year, it's quite a bit lower than that. We're not pleased with that, but that doesn't change our long-term perspective that CapRock should be a low- to mid-teens type margin business comparable with other people in the space. And healthcare should also be a low- to mid-teens maybe in the high teens ROS business over time. So I wouldn't lock myself into today in terms of the timeframe to get to that, but I don't change my perspective today that INS, as a whole, can get to the low-teens over time.
William M. Brown: Interestingly, we've -- both in what we see in fiscal '13 and then also what we see in the President's budget for fiscal '14, we feel pretty good about both our weather programs and the FAA. In fact, on the weather side, it looks like the weather systems, in general, was well-supported. Those are funding for -- next year's up 19%. The FAA programs are well-supported. FTI, which is our -- the backbone we provide for the FAA is well-funded. There's $1 billion in the budget for the NextGen programs. So we've seen no impact in fiscal '13, and we're not expecting any impact going into fiscal '14.
William M. Brown: Well, I think, we're taking out cost in order to address what we know as a declining revenue environment. It's reflected in our fiscal '13 guidance that we provided today. We see opportunities across lots of areas in the company, including in our executive population, our indirects. We've taken a harder look at our facilities, some offices around the D.C., Virginia area, but also a few larger facilities and we're taking action to address the cost structure that we happen to have. I think it's going to position us very, very well for success going forward, and it will allow us to reinvest and continue to invest in long-term growth of the company as we've been doing so far year-to-date on growth initiatives and R&D spending.
William M. Brown: Across the DoD business, I think it would be fair to say that most of the decline occurred in the U.S. Army over the course of year-to-date, as well as we expect for the full year.
William M. Brown: Yes, sure. On the manpack and the Rifleman, it appears that both of those programs are getting delayed by about 6 months. That's the latest information that I have. It looks like the RFP is going to come out sometime in the August, September time frame, depending upon the manpack or the Rifleman. The award will be early next year in the February, March time frame, and delivery will be sort of late spring or early summer in the May, June, July time frame for both of the rifleman and the manpack. The MNVR does appear to be tracking closer to the current schedule that we last talked about. Delayed by about 1 month, we still expect an award in June, certainly, the date before the end of our fiscal year. And I understand deliveries on that program will occur early in calendar '14 like around February time frame.
William M. Brown: What we said during the prepared remarks is that we do intend to continue to buy back stock going through the fourth quarter, another $140 million, our current target. That would put us to $400 million total for the year, exactly in line with what we had committed before, $200 million of our "regular" buyback, $200 million from the proceed of selling BCD, the broadcast business. And going into next fiscal year, we don't see our capital deployment strategy to be deviating substantially from where we're at today.
William M. Brown: Yes, I think the -- a couple of things. One, we -- in everything that we do in today's environment, we always get price pressure and we push on that very hard. We continue to sell value in the value of our products, and I think we've been successful in holding the line on pricing. What we have seen in our margins overall in RF, and importantly in the tactical business, are 2 things. One is because of the volume deterioration, we're starting to run in the factory absorption problems, and that's the one thing that did ding us in the quarter. The other is continued investment in R&D. And then for the full year, we see that that's probably 70, 80 basis points of impact at the RF segment level. We continue to invest importantly in the tactical business, and those are the 2, I think, principal factors that are impacting our margins in tactical communications.
William M. Brown: No, we don't. We guided for the year 29%. That certainly has an implication for what the ROS is, what the segment is in Q4. It does hinge on volume as you just pointed out. We know the investment that we're making and making in Q4 as well. So at the moment, we don't think it has any further downside.
William M. Brown: Well, we're thrilled with the performance of the GCS team, and they've done a fantastic job. They're executing very, very well on a number of different dimensions, and we're thrilled with the margin performance in the quarter. That being said, I think we pointed out to you before that, that high level of ROS is not sustainable. It's going to come down, and we'll probably be adjusting as we go into fiscal '14. It probably won't be any different than what we've talked about in June of last year, but that is a very special margin rate that we happen to hit. On the EACs, we'll be showing in the Q that our EACs this year are about $16 million in the quarter, it's pretty consistent with the EAC adjustments in the quarter last year. So year-over-year, not a big driver of margin performance. I think it's truly just very good execution by the team at GCS.
William M. Brown: There's really not -- I wouldn't say a lot of larger factors. Obviously, as we spoke last time for the country in Central Asia that is supported by the FMS process, there had been some sand in the gears in that process. We see that starting to break up a little bit and more progress being made. I'm pretty confident that we're not losing share. We're confident that the market opportunities we've talked about before remain. The pipeline is still very robust at $2.4 billion. Joe, it's really just the timing that's very, very difficult to predict. Keep in mind, we're coming off of a very strong 2012. Orders and revenue were very strong last year, up double digits and to record levels. In February of this year, I was in the Middle East at the trade show, and met with the dealers and then customers of all of the customers that we've just spoken about, Iraq, Saudi, UAE, Jordan, Afghanistan, Pakistan. And look, I think we're very well-positioned with excellent products and a very strong reputation in all of those markets. Wideband still is a very, very large untapped opportunity in international markets, and what I observed when I was there through direct conversation is some of the competitors we play against in the international markets have pulled back a little bit on investment in new products, and in fact, we're throttling up, investing in new products, new capabilities to expand the addressable market, and I think we're very, very well-positioned. It's really just a matter of timing. I do hope that you'll see some good announcements coming forth from us in the fourth quarter based on the pipeline that we see maturing in international.
William M. Brown: Yes. The -- look, my comment was really more around the overall budget that the President put forth. I think that's very encouraging. It did give a lot of insights on priorities, and I think that is aligned pretty well with our capabilities. I referenced a bit about some of the positives on weather systems and the impact on GOES-R, the FAA programs, which we feel very, very good about, and we do a lot of work with the VA and IT services for the VA is up double-digit rates. I think on -- perhaps, on the other side of the coin, maybe a little bit more balance on tactical radios. You're right, it's a bit mixed. SOCOM, Air Force, Marine Corps funding is down. Army modernization is supported, although it really is at a slower rate, but I'm pleased to see the commitment to modernization. I'm pleased to see the commitment to open competition. I'm thrilled that the manpack RDT&E has been brought down from $120 million just last year to $5 million. I think these are all very, very important steps that have been taken, and I think work in our favor in many ways over the long term. I do see national intelligence programs funding coming down a little bit. So I think there are some things that are positive in President's budget. There's also some things that, I guess, provide a bit more balance. So for us, like really all other Americans, there is something for everyone to not like in what came out in the President's budget, but we recognize as everyone else does that it's pre-sequestration. It's pre-negotiation on entitlements and on revenue. So I think there's a lot of ground to cover between now and a fiscal '14 budget if that happens over the course of the summer. So we're just being prudent on where we speak today.
William M. Brown: We're not -- I mean, as I mentioned in the remarks, we're not going to provide any fiscal '14 guidance today. There's a budget. There's some visibility we still like to see from U.S. government funding. We will provide some guidance towards the end of July when we publish our full-year '13 results. But like, I think, for us and everybody else, I think, our first quarter, which is the last quarter, the government fiscal year '13 is likely to be challenging for everybody. We are moving fast on the restructuring. Much of the things that we're doing will occur in the course of the fourth quarter. I hope that will give us tailwind going into the fiscal year, but a lot hinges on the behavior of the government customers, and we'll shed some more light on the full year, as well as the balance over the course of the year when we speak at the end of July.
William M. Brown: No, the -- look on the -- in CapRock, the maritime business performed, we think, very, very well. Royal Caribbean was a key driver of that. We're performing very, very well. All 33, 34 boats that we're doing for Royal Caribbean are done and operating and I think that customer is very, very pleased. So we've seen good growth on the maritime side. The government side was relatively weak. We think that, that is market related. On energy, it was weak. It was disappointing. From my perspective, it was due principally to execution. I think, in some ways, we stubbed our toe a little bit on the energy side and in our responsiveness to our customers. And I want to reassure you, we've got people focused on that. We're going to get that fixed.
William M. Brown: No, we're not going to be harvesting. I think this is not an issue of cost takeout. It's about getting a piece of software right, and we got a good set of team that's pushing on this. We will launch it in the first quarter of fiscal '14. From what I have seen and heard with large commercial healthcare operators who have seen the software that we're going to be releasing. They were enthusiastic about it. They're excited about it. I have to say it's a very complicated piece of software, which is what has caused us some difficulties, but this is an investment. We are going to move forward with it, and I think, ultimately, we're going to be very successful in the commercial healthcare side.
William M. Brown: We continue to work on that. We do know that, that is very important for the U.S. Army, and really, the services, in general, in particular the U.S. Army, to have a nonproprietary waveforms in their fielding requirements and we continue to push on this, and we'll update you as we make progress.
William M. Brown: We still see very good growth for the year in public safety. We think it's going to be up mid-single digits. The orders in Q3 were very strong, and as Gary pointed out, was up more than double in the quarter, 1.33 book-to-bill. I think the outlook for that business continues to be very, very positive. We will see a slightly weaker second half than we saw in the first half. We saw a very strong first half result, but the backlog is solid. The pipeline is large, it's healthy. I think we're doing a very, very good job winning large program opportunities in the marketplace. Those, as you know, could be lumpy. We went for a number of quarters with book-to-bill less than 1. I think we need to and will do better on the flow business, which is the terminal side of the business. But in general, I think we feel still pretty good about growth this year as well as long-term growth possibilities in Public Safety. I think there's lots of opportunities to grow and improve margins in that business.
William M. Brown: Well, that is company-wide and it's across all the businesses, as well as at corporate. The charges will likely be booked, I think, Gary, at the corporate level. And the delta between the low-end and the high-end is just potential impairments that we might have to take, including in the healthcare business in the fourth quarter. That is yet to be determined and that's the delta between the low-end and the high-end of the cost range.
Gary L. McArthur: In our guidance for the fourth quarter, we need to turn a significant amount of orders here in the months of May and June. We have a significant amount of the business already in backlog, and as Bill had mentioned, we're expecting a bigger increase in orders in revenue coming from international than we are from the domestic side.
Gary L. McArthur: Gautam, this is Gary. I don't know if the duration of the backlog has changed materially, obviously, in the backlog, had included some products and services for Australia that were expected over time, country in Northern Africa, as well as ongoing program, we're into different phases of that. So some of that is expected over time. And the backlog did come in slightly higher in tactical compared sequentially to where it was. So overall, I wouldn't say the duration of the backlog changed materially from what we had expected.
Gary L. McArthur: Chris, this is Gary. We definitely have stepped up the R&D investment, as we talked about, doing a year-over-year compare. A lot of the investment is in the Tactical Communications area. It has to do with building the 2 channel manpack, making sure the wave forms are where they need to be on WNW. So a lot of investment is going in there, as well as we have increased investment in public safety, where we're continuing to invest in LTE. We expect that market to take longer to come to fruition, but it is an important area for us and we're investing there as well.
Gary L. McArthur: Okay, Chris, this is Gary again. In the public safety market, looking across our product line, we think we have quality products. We think there's additional room for taking out costs of those products, but we expect to be more competitive over time in the terminal fees. I think on these systems and the open architecture, I think we're extremely competitive with Motorola in that space. And in looking at the government market, right now, we're seeing that state and local growing mid-single digits. So we're seeing opportunities there to continue to increase our revenue with the market growth, as well as taking share from Motorola.
Joseph B. Nadol: On the Tactical Communications margins, you guys don't disclose them discreetly, but it looks like they were probably in the 37% range. Just was wondering, either Bill or Gary, if you could just comment, help provide some color around the different moving parts that drive that and how important is volume? What's going on with pricing and then mix? I know it's an open-ended question, but margins were down not surprisingly, given the volume, but were down quite a bit year-on-year. Just trying to gauge what the moving parts look like.
Joseph B. Nadol: Okay. And then just over on government comms, your margins there continue to be better and better, hitting 15% here. Could you, I guess, give a little more context around EAC or cum catch-up adjustments and how those have been performing? And maybe, I know you're not giving guidance for next year yet, but a little more color as to how you're thinking about that margin performance going into -- going forward.
Joseph B. Nadol: Very good. And then, Bill, if you don't mind, just one more on back to RF and the international on tactical. It seems like there's been -- there's a number of things that have slipped, and it seems like it's getting a little better here. I know it's a lot of different countries and you named a whole bunch of the important ones, but is there anything bigger picture, whether it's Department of State, Department of Defense, Afghanistan? What's going on with the conflict that's really underpinning a lot of the movement in the order stream? Or is this really all just sort of one-off different moving pieces? And give us the latest, I guess, on -- if there are any larger factors at play here, what -- how you're thinking about them.
