Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Before we open up the line for your questions, let me provide some perspective on our revised revenue and earnings outlook for fiscal 2010. As we said, we have once again increased our full year non-GAAP earnings for fiscal 2010. The new range is $4.25 to $4.35 per share. That’s about a 10% increase compared to our previous range of $3.85 to $3.95 per share. Revenue in fiscal 2010 is now expected to be in a range of 5% to 6% higher for the year than the prior year, between $5.2 and $5.3 billion. For the RF communications segment, fiscal 2010 revenue is now expected to be in a range of 17% to 19% higher than fiscal 2009. That includes the contribution of the acquired public safety and professional communications business of about $500 million, consistent with our prior guidance. Segment operating margin for the year is now projected to be about 33% and that’s compared to our previous guidance of 29% to 31%. We expect segment operating margin in the third fiscal quarter to remain quite high, at about 37%, comparable to the second quarter, and then because of mix to decline to a more typical level in the fourth quarter. Again, the higher operating margin is being driven by favorable tactical radio product mix, the impact of cost reduction actions that were taken, and favorable operational efficiencies. The acquired public safety and personal communications business is performing about as we expected. For government communications systems, we expect revenue for fiscal 2010 in a range of 0% to 2% above the prior year. After adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and excluding the FDCA program supporting the 2010 census, which we’ve noted is winding down, the guidance reflects underlying growth of about 9% compared to the prior year. Operating margin is now expected to be about 12.5% that’s slightly higher than our previous guidance as a result of continued strong program performance and related award fees. For broadcast communications, we’ve reduced our expected revenue a bit to a range of $490 to $510 million, with operating margin of 1% to 3% of revenue. The new outlook reflects a pickup, though, in both revenue and income in the second half as a result of our building backlog in the first half on better first half orders. With that, I’ll ask the operator to open the line and we’ll be pleased to take your questions.
Howard Lance: Jason, no decision’s been made precisely on when we’ll offer specific guidance, but clearly comments I’ve made today should suggest that we’re feeling very good about how we’re going to perform in the second half of this year across the company and how we’re going to end the year, especially in the critical area of Tactical Radio backlog. So we’re feeling much stronger about that and feel like we have a lot of good momentum as we head into the second half and we’re certainly hopeful that we’ll continue into next year.
Howard Lance: It’s principally the tactical radio mix, but we’ve also increased our expectation for margins in the Government Communications Systems segment, and even movement there of maybe 50 basis points on a relatively large revenue number clearly is helping income and EPS, Jason.
Howard Lance: Again, we’re not going to get into individual quarterly guidance. I think we’ve provided color around Q3 looking a lot like Q2. Q4, we expect sequentially to have lower margins in Tactical Radios and the segment than in Q3, where it goes in the long run is still TBD. We started out this year, if you’ll recall, at something in the 27% to 29% margin range for the segment, so including Tactical Radios, as well as the acquired Public Safety business. I certainly see that as a floor going forward. We’re doing much better than that this year. The whole segment, we’re now up to 33%, and as we go into next year, it’s going to have a lot to do with the mix and the volume and our ability to continue to leverage it. So I think the end points in that discussion are probably kind of the guidance we provided at the beginning of this year and where we are now. I don’t expect it, Gautam, to drop off a step to that, but we would expect to see in ‘11 somewhat lower margins. How much, I think we don’t have that visibility yet in terms of exactly what the product mix will look like and the total revenue. So we’ll provide more color as we’re going forward, but we don’t want to set an expectation that we will maintain operating margins at Q2 or Q3 levels because that’s not probably realistic.
Howard Lance: First of all, in terms of the product mix that drives the gross margin, Joe, it’s a function of which products we’re getting orders for, whether it’s just radios, is it vehicular adapters, is it a lot of ancillary equipment, what contracts are they buying under, so there’s a fair amount of variability, depending on those factors. Clearly, it’s being driven in aggregate by the $555 million of orders to-date for the M-ATV program. With regard to the cost side of the equation, clearly this year’s turning out to be a lot stronger than we expected, we took actions in the second half of last year to take costs out. Frankly, we didn’t take a lot out of R&D. We took it out of other areas, and we also, what we did reduce from R&D was largely on R&D provided by outside partners rather than our inside headcount. As we’re going through this year now, we’re ramping some of that backup, but as is usually the case, the revenues coming in stronger than we’re adding costs. So that’s where we talk about getting the benefit of the cost reductions. I feel like we’re spending at a very good rate in R&D. We’re not starving R&D at all. In fact, we will continue to invest as effectively as we can, because that engine of new products is what will continue to drive our growth going forward, as it has in the past, producing the whole Falcon III product line, making enhancements to the product line, and adding on additional capabilities. Then finally, when you get a big ramp up in volume after you’ve taken your manufacturing overhead costs down, expecting a slowdown, you get a lot of operational efficiency leverage on that. So it’s lots of factors coming together. We’re going to benefit from it in a major way in Q2 and Q3. We’re still going to have very good margins in Q4, but, and going forward, but not quite at this overheated level of Q2 and Q3.
Howard Lance: So to-date, Chris, we have booked orders of 555 million against the initial authorized construction amount of 6,600 and change units. We have not booked any orders against the potential additional 4,000 units. So to the extent that we can win business in those 4,000 that does represent upside this year and/or next year. In terms of how much we’ll get out of that, if you just ratio the numbers, it’s somewhere between zero and probably 300 million or so. We’ve got to go in that business in the same way that we did. The orders we’ve received, so I don’t want you to conclude because we haven’t concluded that those are going to be given to us 100%. Again, it plays on winning the business and also how they decide to configure. They may not configure the next 4,000. Some of those are M-ATVs from Oshkosh. Some of those are other vehicles coming from other manufacturers. They may choose to configure them slightly different in terms of the mix of which ones get an HF radio, which ones get the VHF and multiband radios. Make no mistake, we’re going to go after all the business we can and it does represent an upside of, potentially as high, I suppose as $300 million, $350 million, but that’s not representative in our guidance per se and don’t know what the timing or ultimate award of that will be.
Howard Lance: I think the magnitude of the increase is kind of $1.5 billion, up to $2 billion. The total Tactical Radio pipeline has been pretty steady in the $3.5 billion to $4 billion range. So we’ve seen a little bit of a reduction in the U.S. pipeline, as we’ve gotten the orders and a little bit of an increase in the international pipeline, as some of those orders have slipped into the second half of the year. So the total pipeline hasn’t changed much. It’s really more of a function of the timing. We still are very bullish and probably in Central Asia, our optimism for countries, Afghanistan, Pakistan, many of the other markets around the current conflict, and as a result of NATO forces going into support along with U.S. forces, we’re feeling pretty strongly that probably there’s more, not less demand in that part of the world, but overall feeling very good about the international market. In selected countries, I think we have probably seen some delay in orders due to the overall economies in countries, where they are funding their own purchases and even a few FMS programs have slipped a little, not because of the money issues, but because all the focus in procurement in DoD as it should be, has been focused around the M-ATV program and urgent operational needs.  So the important point is, we haven’t lost any international business. I think we’re going to see a very strong second half in orders international, and we’re going to see a very strong fiscal ‘11 in international.
Howard Lance: Falcon III, Larry, is clearly on the rise as a result of the real ramp up in penetration and adoption of 117G and now what we felt was just a very important statement that the Department of Defense made in putting the AN/PRC-152 and its vehicular adapter version of the 110. So the Falcon III handheld into the M-ATVs, suggests that adoption of the Harris Falcon III is now in kind of full bloom. I don’t know the precise percentages. It’s still going to be well less than half of our revenue because the HF radios are still classified as Falcon II technology. So it’s still going to be less than half, but it’s growing obviously and I think what I’m very excited about with our team is not only the adoption. The margins on the Falcon IIIs are right there with our previous technology, even though we’re still fairly, early. So to me, that’s very encouraging. So as our teams are doing a great job in taking costs out, I think still continues to validate the value of the commercial model and allowing us to price based on value, but in improved margins, when we can take cost out. With regard to the specific mix of international and domestic, obviously it has changed when we where at the beginning of the year kind of saying 50/50 now. It’s clearly swung more on the side of the Department of Defense business, not because international customers don’t want the product, but because the prioritization. We push that international there about as far as we will push them out. So again, I don’t know specifically, what the mix is. I’m not sure all that significant, Larry. I think going forward, what’s important is, we expect to certainly see more of that 50/50 kind of mix broadly in the long run. We expect to see FY ‘11 and beyond returning to year-over-year growth in shipments. We’ll have a good year in orders, but shipments won’t be all that robust in international because of the timing and our scheduling of the orders.
Howard Lance: I think that we expect our national business to be picking up. It was up in the first half, as all of the segments were the business areas within the Government Systems segment, but we’re expecting money to be flowing more readily to the National Intelligence Programs that we participate on the second half of our fiscal year. So it’s part of what is giving us good optimism that we can ex the fit care program continue to have underlying growth of about 9%. Our Government Systems business, which we think is extremely competitive from a peer standpoint based on how we see other companies performing, and giving guidance. So, again, we think our mix of programs, mix of customers, really does give us a very good diversification. Other than that, I’m not aware of any particular impact we’ve seen from the continuing resolution up until now.
Howard Lance: Well, first of all, speaking to Tactical Radio, we expect Q3 based on the guidance we give, you would conclude the second half revenue is going to be stronger than the first half. In terms of the two quarters, probably about the same at this point, but earnings in the third quarter, because of the margin guidance we’ve given, will probably be higher than they will in the fourth quarter in terms of segment income from Tactical Radios. So revenue probably about the same in the two quarters for Tactical Radios that’s the only thing that you were asking about, and income from Tactical Radios, probably a little higher in Q3 than Q4, because of the higher mixes more favorable mix and higher margin. In terms of growth, beyond that, all I will say is I’m feeling much better about this business and the outlook than we were six months ago. I think back to a year ago on this call, when we were talking about ‘10 being a down year. Obviously, we were far too pessimistic. At this point, we have a lot of very good momentum, not just in Tactical Radios, but the contribution from the acquisition in Public Safety, given this great platform for growth there, Government Systems, which we don’t spend a lot talking about the other, you know, $2.5 billion or $3 billion business, but it’s outgrowing its peers and providing significantly, I think a very good competitive margins there. So overall, I think the tone is very positive, not only for the second half, but for next year. Will we deliver or be able to commit to delivering higher EPS next year than this year as a company? I don’t know. Time will tell, but I’m certainly feeling very positive about it and you know that’s certainly our objective.
Howard Lance: Jim, it’s a great question, and I think, you’re hunting in the right place. The ANW2, while it is not at this point been adopted as a long term JTRS solution as the SRW, or WNW waveforms are supposed to be, it’s available now, it works, it’s been now approved for deployment, and it gives us really clear air in terms of having the only wide band networking solution at a time when our troops and our allies desperately need it for current operations in Afghanistan. So it’s, it’s a real positive, and we certainly have the opportunity to use it to enhance or at a minimum, maintain margins going forward as you indicate. So I think you hit the nail on the head and in terms of how long we have this lead remains to be seen, but right now, we’re the only ones that have it. Whether the ANW2 will ever be adopted long term as a standard, I don’t know. It has a lot to do with the performance of the other programs of record and whether they really get approval and are ready to introduce this other wave forms, but we have clearly a lead and we’re trying to take full advantage of that.
Howard Lance: We’re very pleased that we are still feeling good about delivering the guidance that we announced when we did the acquisition, around about $500 million in revenue, and 8% to 10% EBIT margins. The top line was up about 6% in the quarter. We’re pleased with that. We have a lot of opportunities in the pipeline. We’re very pleased to try and be the supporter on the i-Win program commitment for the first two regions. There are four more. So the opportunity there to triple the $130 million or so is out there if we perform and that was clearly a very competitive situation that we prevailed. I think it illustrates the synergies we hoped were there, to put together Harris and the former M/A-COM business, strengths from both companies coming together to create a more formidable competitor. I’m very pleased that we’re off to a good start. Our long term vision hasn’t changed. This acquisition is all about top line growth and market share gains, and that will bring along with it the higher growth, higher volume, will bring along expanded margins. So I haven’t seen anything in our first six months of ownership that suggests that we’re not on the right path. We clearly have to execute.  I think we talked earlier about some of our programs that had been previously won, that were not performing quite as well in terms of hitting schedules and hitting performance. I’m very pleased to report that we’ve made a lot of progress there, as we’ve helped to focus the Public Safety team, bring in additional resources from both RF and our Government Systems group, to help them get some of these programs on track, and some of those problematic programs are now going to be our best advocates for testimonials to other customers going forward, so lots of progress, but still lots of work there.  The pipeline still has a lot of big opportunities in it, and I’m hopeful that over the next six months we’ll be able to talk about some other major wins that helped illustrate it’s not just talk, we’re actually delivering on the synergy opportunities that we spoke of.
Howard Lance: The book-to-bill and I’m going for memory, that I think the book-to-bill on RF Tactical was 1.9 in the first quarter, 1.6 in this quarter. Those are numbers that we would not expect to sustain. Obviously, they come in big lumps. $800 million implies a positive book-to-bill for the year, but not 1.6 or 1.9. So you’re right, you do the math, you get slightly less than 1.0 in the second half. Maybe, we’re conservative, but that’s kind of our current read on it, and as indicated, it does not include potential upside from the Phase II of the M-ATV program, or other things that may be in the pipeline that we haven’t fully realized in our forecast. What’s important is strong momentum coming into the second half of the year and into fiscal ‘11, which is quite a different situation than we were sitting with at the beginning of fiscal ‘10. We expect to have a much larger backlog, $800 million I think that compares with something under $500 million at the beginning of this year, and with potential to do even better than that. So we’re feeling pretty positive, but clearly we’ve gotten a very, very strong first half of orders from DoD and we wouldn’t expect that same volume of DoD orders in the second half currently, but I guess as we’ve seen, the visibility has had more upside and we haven’t had quite the visibility to call it. I don’t feel like there’s a lot of downside to that particular guidance and the order outlook, so I think you’re doing the math about right.
Howard Lance: We think the opportunities some of that forecast is clearly near term. The major program we’re working on that we’ve already received some orders on is called Valiant Angel. Lockheed Martin is the prime contractor, and we are providing this VAME technology as part of an integrated system to collect and store and analyze all of this video data. There are significant opportunities to expand the Valiant Angel program and then there are a number of other programs like Valiant Angel. We can’t talk about the details, but I can tell you that some of them are what you might call strategic, very big pipes, gathering data, and analyzing it, and other programs are more tactical in nature, more theater of operations oriented gathering and analyzing in the field level, but lots of different opportunities. Again, right now, we don’t expect to own the market, but we have developed a very unique solution based on this commercial broadcast capability for digital asset management and then wrapping around that specific needs for the intelligence customers and for Department of Defense. That’s about all I can say about the details, but it’s a unique capability. It’s good margin business. It helps volumes and margins at broadcast, but also the value-added Government Systems as we integrate the unique needs of our National Intelligence customers.
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s had any impact on our credibility as a current major communications partner for the FAA or for the future. The blue ribbon panel is doing their work as announced. There’s also a technical panel and I believe that both of them will include that this was an anomaly having to do with the changeover of the network to the new optical back bone. Certainly there will be some lessons learned that we’ll take away from it and that the FAA will takeaway from it and that will help us to work better together and more effectively in the future, but it really was an anomaly, not something we expect to repeat and overall, the FTI network has had exemplary performance in terms of its availability and its ability to lower the operating costs for the FAA, which were both objectives in the program. So I don’t think there will be any ongoing negative impact.
