William M. Brown: Well. Thank you, Mick. So, moving to slides 10 and 11, revenue guidance on an organic basis is revised from down 3% to 5% to now down 5% to 6%. We expect the impact of lower volume on earnings to be more than offset by the flow through of the R&D tax credit and cost savings across the company. As a result, non-GAAP EPS guidance has been increased to a range of $5.70 to $5.80. And to remind you, non-GAAP includes intangible amortization from the Exelis acquisition of $133 million or about $0.70 per share. In Communication Systems, expectations are unchanged. In Space and Intel, operating margin expectations have been revised to a range of 15% to 15.5%, primarily to reflect a higher mix of costs plus revenue and new program starts. In Electronic Systems, revenue expectations have been revised to a range of down 2% to 3%, due to a few losses in electronic warfare pursuits, combined with a slower than expected ramp of previous electronic warfare wins. In Critical Networks, revenue expectations have been revised to down about 14% due to further weakness in Government IT services and CapRock's energy market. So, to wrap up, as I said, upfront, our top priorities are successfully integrating Exelis, delivering strong free cash flow, deleveraging our balance sheet and continuing to reshape the portfolio and through the first half of the year, we're making good progress on all of them. So, while we still face top-line pressure in fiscal 2016, integration and other cost reduction actions are driving good earnings growth and we expect this rising trend in earnings to continue into fiscal 2017. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
William M. Brown: Okay. That's a lot of information, I think it's in there. Let me see, if I could hit on some of the key things and I'll provide you, I think as much as I can on that. First part, on the book-to-bill, this is all legacy tactical radio, so go back to sort of the how do Harris define tactical radio. Our book-to-bill in the first half was 0.97, so international is 0.99, as mentioned on my remarks and DoD was a little bit less than that. Little bit softer in Q2, but we had a very strong Q1, remember it was about 1.3. Revenue, we believe, came in about as expected in the quarter, a bit stronger in international, which is, we say, was up 10%, little bit lower in the DoD, it's flat overall in Q2, and up 3% in the first half. So, I think, overall a pretty decent start. For the full-year, we still see revenue being flat to down low-single digits, we still see DoD to be flat up slightly, and international will be down slightly on a year-over-year basis. And it's really shaping up almost as we had expected when we initiated guidance six months ago, up first half, down in the second half on a year-over-year basis with two bigger tranches in two specific countries winding down that makes for a tougher comparisons in the back half. We still see sequentially the second half being up versus the first, with Europe and the Middle East both contributing pretty nicely, in fact got on this year, we think Europe is shaping up to be a record or near record year for us, driven a lot by this ERI, U.S. government funding for Ukraine and the Baltics, as well as a few other Central European, Eastern European countries. But, we do see the impact of lower oil pricing that's shifting some of the priorities in some of the countries in the Middle East as well as some of the priorities of the U.S. government, so that's giving us a little bit more caution in the back half, but still we see second half up sequentially from the first half. Now, let me turn to the pipeline and just quickly cover that. On the international side, the pipeline is still very robust. It's now $2.9 billion, last time it was $2.4 billion, so it's come up as we brought in about a $600 million opportunity for Phase 3 modernization in Australia, we expect that award at the end of fiscal 2017, so that is now into our 12-month to 18-month pipeline, the Middle East is still very solid. On a dollar basis, it's still about the same as it was before. On a percentage basis, down a little bit now slightly under 50%, because the size of the overall pipeline has increased. So, still very, very broad. Again, Europe is strong, Cal is holding serve and we see Asia coming up pretty nicely mainly because of Australia. So, that's on the international front. On the DoD side, the pipeline at $890 million, so down slightly from where we were last time of about $925 million, so it's just under $900 million. The mix is still about the same 60% Air Force, SOCOM, Marine Corps and about 25% being Army impart modernization, impart resets and other opportunity. So, let me stop with that Gautam let me see if I answered the question that you're trying to get at.
William M. Brown: Well, first, I think, for this year, we're still feeling very comfortable at our free cash guidance around $750 million as we noted in our guidance and that numerically hasn't changed, the words around it have, but numerically it's the same as we guided before, so $750 million. And without getting beyond 2016 guidance, we do still see three years or four years out $1 billion in free cash flow and the drivers are as we expected before. We do see the higher run rate synergies impacting that free cash flow, so growing from $750 million. And we see interest rate reductions – interest cost reductions coming down because we're paying down some debt. We do see continued working capital performance improvements over time. Recall, we're at, as Harris last year in fiscal 2015 about 46 days of working capital. Exelis was quite a bit higher than that. We came in at about 56 days at the end of Q2. So just as we get back to where Harris was before, we see another 10 plus or minus days of improvement to working capital at about $20 million per day. So, we'll close some of that this year, but even if we don't close all of that it still could be substantial increases in cash flow just simply from working capital. Of course, we also see a little bit of capital spend efficiency over time as well. So, those are the major elements. Again, we're still confident about $1 billion three years to four years out.
William M. Brown: Well, we've been cautious over the last two quarters or three quarters that the declining oil prices are impacting – seeming to put some friction in the pace of awards that we're seeing in the Middle East. It doesn't impact the overall size of our international or our Middle East pipeline. We still see opportunities there, the flow of those opportunities through the pipeline are seeing a little bit more friction. We know in Saudi, Saudi has been a significant opportunity for us, one of the bigger in our pipeline, like Iraq happens to be and others throughout the Middle East. There's five countries or six countries that make up the biggest part of our international Middle East part of our pipeline. And we do see in Saudi, in particular, where their focus on the war in Yemen and military purchases to support that, we're seeing some of the opportunities on our radio business slip a little bit to the right, both in terms of Harris as well as what was legacy Exelis. So, that has slipped a little bit to the right. But overall, I think the opportunity in the Middle East still remains out there. The pipeline size is still very, very good and very robust. I'm very encouraged by the fact that there is strong U.S. government support, FMS support for opportunities in the Middle East. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we talked about this last time, the ICAP funding, that flow from the U.S. government is flowing in and is helping us in Q2 and we do expect to see more opportunities into the future. GFY 2016, it was about – just over $700 million worth of ICAP funding. There is this Counterterrorism Partnership Fund which includes amounts for Syria; it's $1.1 billion. So, there's lots of U.S. government funding that does backstop our Middle East pipeline. So, as I said in my remarks, we do see on a year-over-year basis the second half intact, it will be down, but sequentially up first half to second half.
William M. Brown: It's probably, on the pipeline itself, it's just under 50%, so it's probably, on the international side of our revenue, it's 40%, 50%.
William M. Brown: The CapRock energy business year and a half ago was around – about $400 million and down about 30%, so it's running this year just under $300 million on a reported basis for fiscal 2016. We would expect by the time we hit Q4 to be a run rate somewhere – around $250 million or a little less than $250 million is the way that we're sizing it, so that's around $60 million, $65 million per quarter, and will this year be a mid-single digit margin business. By the fourth quarter, we are starting to kind of bump around breakeven based on the size of the business being where it happens to be, which is why we've taken the strong actions we've done to restructure, reposition that business.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Pete, no, thank you. The NVCS business, we knew it'd be down this year. It's a little bit weaker than we thought. It's down probably in the double-digits now for the year. Early in the year, when I was guiding to our original down 3% to 5%, we were sizing NVCS to be down around 5% or 6% or sort of mid single-digit and it's got a little bit worse than that. Keep in mind, the Comm System business, 75% of that is international SINCGARS radios, some of that goes into the Middle East. So, they're also being impacted by the Middle East. But, we had contemplated it being a weaker year. Nigh vision broadly is $150 million business, it's flattish versus last year. So, we're holding serving night vision, but the Comm System business, certainly on a year-over-year basis is down a little bit worse than we had expected.
William M. Brown: And I don't think that the facility change in Fort Wayne is having any impact whatsoever on any of this transition.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Our expectation is to use the proceeds from aerostructure to pay down debt. It's our expectation today. But, we don't really see the divestiture of aerostructures to be all that material to our guidance for the year in terms of EPS, it's a couple of pennies, but it's not material.
William M. Brown: Well, I think you're seeing the page what's happening in the margins – in the guidance, we typically see quarter-to-quarter some fluctuations, Seth, and you saw as you went through some of the charts, some sequential deterioration, some businesses have been up or down, CN was actually quite strong on a sequential and a year-over-year basis because of mix, there's a lot of FAA work that's going in there offsetting decline in services as well as in CapRock. Things are moving around a little bit, but we'll see margins continuing to improve, going out into next year simply about base of better volume and also the integration savings are going to continue to roll through and we keep working hard to drive our normal OpEx agenda. So, we expect that we'll see margins improving. Right now, I think they're pretty strong this year in CS. You were guiding to 29.5% to 30.5%, so we're holding on that, and I do expect based on mix and the trends that we're seeing in the business that we could be towards the higher end of that. The SIS business is a government contracting business, while it's a little bit weaker in terms of margins that we expected before. It's pretty solid 15%, 15.5%, so that's I think very strong ES at 18% to 19%, is a very strong margin. That will be impacted over time by some changes in the mix of the programs, as we bring on newer programs and move off of legacy ones. So, we'll see some of the integration savings offset some of the mix. In CN, we're just battling right now, what's happening in the CapRock business and services. The FAA work in the international opportunities for mission, networks or FAA like opportunities, I think are going to help us there. So, I don't want to get too far out of fiscal 2016, in terms of margin guidance here, Seth, but that's where we stand right now for within the year.
William M. Brown: Well, I wish I had a crystal ball, what we're going to announce in the next week, but I really can't comment on that. But I think, from the fiscal 2016 basis, like others in the industry have been expressing, the two-year deal feels pretty good, it's good for Harris, it's good for the industry, we see what's happening in the DoD-based budget this year and next year. So, it's on a upswing, at least a little bit. I would say, I think, it's very positive. Now for Harris, in particular, I think we feel very good about our programs. The tactical radio line is that we typically pull from are well supported. Army modernization, we think is adequately covered, the FAA looks really good, and the NextGen programs were well funded in fiscal 2016. We're pleased to see funding for GPS III, which is an important Exelis program on SV 9 and SV 10. The weather programs were well supported and I'm glad to see the recent award come through very recently on the CrIS payloads for JPSS-3 and JPSS-4. F-35, where we've got a pretty large content for chipset, again we're seeing that ramp that was well supported. The addition of F-18 that aircraft into the budget, I think it was seven aircrafts or eight aircrafts was also good, because Exelis has an EW product line for the F-18. And again finally, OCO, we feel good about because of the amounts that are in there, which support some of the international FMS opportunities that were going after in our tactical business. So overall, I think, we feel pretty good about where the budget came out.
William M. Brown: On IT services, either we are – first of all, it was weaker than we thought it would be in the quarter. And I think as we've been talking about probably for the last three quarters or four quarters, we've been impacted by couple of sizeable program roll offs. We still see the overall procurement environment being relatively weak. We adjusted our full-year expectations for IT services. We came into the year thinking we'll be down mid-teens, it's now down probably in the 23%, 25% range over the course of the year, but we do see at least sequentially a stabilizing quarter-to-quarter going through the back end of fiscal 2016. Our book-to-bill in Q2 in the first half was reasonably good. It was over 1%, of course it's on a lower revenue environment, but the book-to-bill was pretty good, which again gets us encouraged that we can support some stability in the back half. We also have incumbent positions on some legacy programs that as the roll off start to ease, I think we'll see more stability in the back half. So, for the pipeline, that we had, we've got a very large pipeline of opportunities that we're chasing, it's actually come up a couple of billion from the beginning of the year, it's something like $24 billion now. We have within Harris, we've got to make sure that we improve our win rate. Our win rate is a little bit below what our target happens to be, we typically win into 23 percentage to 25 percentage, should be 30% or more. So, we're not winning quite as much as we need to be. A lot of that's really around our frontline execution in our process execution and we're getting that fixed. So, I do think rather a part of this is a slow environment and part of it is – what we need to do and improve our own win rate internally within the company.
William M. Brown: We're not expecting revenue opportunities to really hit us until, really going into fiscal 2018, I mean it will be full rate production, if they stick to the current schedule. I believe it's in the middle of calendar 2017, so around June, which really means more significant revenue would impact our fiscal 2018, not 2017.
William M. Brown: Well, that's a very good question, Carter and you're right. We are getting into our strategic planning process and that will kind of inform a little bit more on what sort of portfolio we want over the long-term. So I wouldn't really comment about any specific business; but at the end of the day couple of things I would share with you. One, we are a technology-based company. We invest in new product development and we want to use technology to differentiate offerings in the marketplace. So, one of the key things that I look for are the things that the businesses that we want to be in should be able to be differentiated by providing some technology. We are also a mission-critical communication, defense, electronics-type company. So, for the aerostructures business, we have got these large composite skins and large factories with a lot of capital intensity. It really didn't necessarily fit with the rest of what we look like. So, I think that one as we came into the year and we're looking hard at which businesses should management focus its time and attention on on a continuum of businesses that go from very, very strategic like tactical radios on the far left to maybe less strategic on the far right being aerostructures, other businesses sit in the middle, and I'm using the criteria that I just described to assess which ones we should keep and which we should not. At the end of the day, does it fit strategically? Is it more valuable to us versus to somebody else? We look at performance of the company, performance of the business. All of those factors come into play in determining which ones we should keep and which ones we should not.
William M. Brown: We're pretty agnostic. It's more about where – what businesses should we be in that we can bring some value to end customers, where we can apply technology, where we can differentiate our offering, where we can gain market share through differentiated offerings. All of those did develop – generate a very satisfactory return on investment in those businesses. Those are the things that we're looking at and they could be commercial or government. We see a big part of our business today is on the government side, we're very good at that, but that doesn't really drive the decision at the moment.
William M. Brown: Yeah. On Space and Intel – thank you, Carter. On the Space and Intel side, really it's just a shifting mix of what's in the business, slightly more cost-plus and fixed-price contracts. And we're seeing some of the new starts and new wins that Space and Intel are getting are coming in at slightly lower margins. So, we just adjusted it down to reflect that. There's nothing structural in that business that's causing it. On the CapRock side, look – we – it's pretty remarkable the amount of bandwidth that's being consumed by the cruise industry and our expectations for where that's going to grow over time. It is growing very, very quickly. And with a very significant change in the supply structure of bandwidth – satellite bandwidth, we are able to use that leverage to both negotiate better details, better pricing and globally consistent pricing so that we don't have, for different types of satellites, for different customers in different regions, very different pricing. We're looking for pricing uniformity and that helps to run our business a little more efficiently and effectively and that's where we're heading on the bandwidth deal. So thank you for those questions, Carter.
William M. Brown: Well, thank you, Josh. Yeah. The RFP is out, which is good. We've been tracking this for several years and I think it's good news that it's out. We've met with the FirstNet board a couple of different times and we're pleased to see it out. There is a process that they've laid out. I think it's a little bit on the aggressive side. There is questions and capability assessments that are due coming up here in February and March. Bids are due on I think the 29th of April if they don't get extended. My expectation, at least what's come out in the RFP is a June award – a preliminary award in June and then it goes to the state consultation period for 90 days where the states have an opportunity to opt in or opt out and then after which whoever is the preliminary award winner would resubmit a new bid and with a final award by November of 2016. So that to me it's a pretty aggressive timeline. I think the RFP, Josh, feels like is geared more towards commercial carriers as primes, just by the way it's written and some of the requirements in the RFP. We are, as Harris, still assessing the role that we're going to play. Since it's a live competitive procurement I don't think we want to talk more about that, but we're in the middle of assessing the way which we want to participate in what could be a very interesting long-term opportunity that transforms the public safety networks in North America.
William M. Brown: Well, we're watching it very carefully. Chris, we're working diligently to support our prime customer, which is Raytheon, Raytheon is the prime on OCX. And I think you've read a lot in the press about some of the challenges in that program really around cyber security protections, which are causing the development timeframe to go quite long and obviously it's gotten a lot of attention on the hill with General Hayden, with Secretary James, there are lot of people that are focused on this as the team at Raytheon and we're working diligently to support Raytheon in their program and getting them back on schedule or at least hold into the schedule they've articulated, really not much more to say at this point on that.
William M. Brown: It's a legacy Exelis' program. We're built on the payload for GPS III so on the – for the payload side as well as on the ground sides putting Raytheon, and our understanding is our team has performed well. We bring good systems engineering capability and I think we performed well, you know to our customer, but I don't think I would suggest say more than that.
William M. Brown: Yeah. This was a – first of all, they're very complicated payload, it's a very difficult one, and the requirements were quite stringent, maybe they weren't fully understood many years ago, when Exelis won it – you know it was very late, you know it got a lot of attention, under Exelis they deployed a very good team at it, just for the end when we were buying the company. We have also deployed experts into the equipment facility, half a dozen or dozen, a very good people on manufacturing operations, design engineering, a lot of different things. And there's been, I think very good progress here made over the last six months to nine months. And over the holidays, just before the holidays, the very first space vehicle SV 1 with our payload came out of thermal vac early with very, very good performance. And it was – I think it's a fantastic accomplishment you know by Lockheed, by our team, by the Air Force, and we're all very, very proud of that. And I think that put us on a really good trajectory on GPS III on the space side, you know and that gives us more confidence with Lockheed that SV 9 and SV 10 should get awarded sometime this fiscal year. So, I think our performance has improved pretty much here, Chris.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam. And before we end the call, I want to take this opportunity to let you know that Mick Lopez has decided to leave Harris for personal reasons to pursue new opportunities outside the company. As you know, these last two years with Mick as CFO have been truly transformative for Harris, with the signing, the closing, the financing of the largest acquisition in our company's history, and I want to thank Mick for his leadership and his many contributions to Harris over the last two years. Mick, so thank you for that.
William M. Brown: So, succeeding Mick will be Rahul Ghai. Rahul has led our Finance Integration Team since March of 2015. Rahul has a diverse finance background with experience in both commercial and aerospace industries, including executive leadership roles at both Aetna as well as United Technologies. A press release with more details will be issued momentarily. Please join me in wishing Mick well in his future endeavors and also welcoming Rahul to Harris as our new Chief Financial Officer. So, as usual Pam will be available throughout the day to address any additional questions that you might have and I want to thank you again for joining our call today. So, thank you.
