Bill Brown: Thank you Mick. As our fiscal ’15 guidance reflects we’re anticipating a similar constrain budget environment to what we experienced in our fiscal ’14 with the government operating in the first part of GFY ’15 under a continuing resolution. Under a CR, our experience is that spending is generally slow with new starts on hold as customers either don’t spend or spend reluctantly until they have clarity for each specific budget line. So for Harris we will continue to make sure our cost structure reflects the current environment and our organizational structure is optimized for success. And we will stay the course with what’s working in this environment lowering cost, investing in technology and innovation to drive growth, maximizing free cash flow and returning excess cash to our shareholders. I’m really proud of what our teams have accomplished this past year and we’re committed to driving value for shareholders while meeting the needs of our customers for high quality, innovative and affordable solutions and with that I would like to the ask operator to open the line for questions.
Bill Brown: I’m not going to comment today on any potential portfolio actions or M&A but I would say that there is no recent event that’s changing our strategy from the past on capital allocation. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and what we have always been doing is a smart and in an efficient way. If you look back over the last 3 years we have returned close to 90% of our free cash to shareholders in the form of repurchases of dividends. Our number one priority has been and will remain funding internal requirements and I think we have proven ourselves to be able to do that through capital spending and R&D investment. We continue to pay an attractive dividend, we have got a strong track record of double digit growth and I talked a bit about that in my remarks, 19% compounded over the last three years. As we move back this past year we started out the year at $200 million target for share buyback and we ended up $300 million. If you look at the last three years it's $1.2 billion in share buyback so it's been a pretty healthy amount of shares repurchased in the marketplace reducing our share count by about 15% and again we’re guiding it at $200 million of shares as you know from our balance sheet we don’t have any debt due until the end of 2017 and we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow. I think our fiscal ’14 results point to that. We’re targeting next year 100% of that income again certainly our executive team is now incentivized on free cash flow and that’s been a change in the last couple of years and I think the results are showing through on our numbers and we will continue to reevaluate overtime how we deploy our capital. So thank you very much Omer.
Bill Brown: We don’t talk about the individual components within tact between U.S. and international in terms of bookings or book to bill or things of that nature. I think as you’ve seen in the report the tactical book to bill in the quarter was about 0.67 for the year and it ended up about 0.86. The international business as I mentioned in my remarks was very, very strong, it was up 25% and it ended the year very strong in Q4, with up 11. And as I did mention the pipeline is strong at about $2.5 billion up a bit from the last time. So we remain encouraged by the trends that we’re seeing on the international side.
Bill Brown: At RF, overall it's flat to down 3 and we see tactical down low single-digits. We see the international side up low single digits and on the DoD side down low double digits so read that 10% - 12% in that range. So that’s a complete -- I mean PSPC is about flat just sort of complete the circle on the RF Com segment.
Bill Brown: Yes the pipeline came up a little bit and it was as I did mention some earlier stage opportunities but we still feel very confident about the size of the pipeline. As I mentioned coming off the year where we booked a lot of good orders and grew our business by 25% which I think is astounding to see the pipeline replenish itself and actually grow a little bit. I think it's very, very significant to us. We see about 750 million of that 2.5 billion that are in the proposal closure finalization stage so the probability is very high. The timing Joe, as you know is always a bit difficult to predict. The shape of the pipeline looks pretty much in-line with what I mentioned last time, it's slightly more than half the Middle-East and Central Asia where we know that our number of security concerns you can pick up a paper and read about that quite a bit and U.S. is pulling back. Iraq is significant, I mentioned that last time and it remains a significant component of our pipeline today. It's both the Ministry of Interior as well as the Ministry of Defense we booked an order very recently in Q4, it's little small but I think it was significant. It has gotten through the vast majority of the licensing from the U.S. government. So it feels very, very good. We see opportunities in the country in Northern Africa that remained very robust, it's a Phase IV of what has been a long term multi-phased program for us where we have actually if constructed in-country assembly facility so we know we have got a lot of staying power with that particular country and then within the Middle-East the UAE looked strong, Jordon looked strong, Oman is strong, Saudi has gotten a little bit bigger over the last couple of months to quarter and we feel fairly good about those opportunities. The balance, the other half or little less than half are just as we have mentioned before collision countries, it's countries in APAC like Australia, Philippines and others, and in Latin America, Brazil looks pretty good, Mexico looks pretty good. As you know Brazil we were chosen for the early part of the (indiscernible) program, we see that accelerating through fiscal ’15. Long list of other opportunities but in general Joe, that is sort of shape of the pipeline.
Bill Brown: Well when you look back since I came here 2.5 years ago we were about 4% of our revenue being spent in IRAD, Internal R&D and now IRAD is 5.3% so it has come up quite a bit in the last 2.5 - 3 years and we tried to point it towards those businesses where we have strong returns and strong growth opportunities based on technology and innovation so we pointed it directly at our tactical business and we have stepped up quite a bit as well in our government communications business. So it's 5.3%, it's a pretty healthy amount of spend. We believe we’re fully funding the best opportunities. We’re looking across the company now as a portfolio, as opposed to looking at the individual businesses on a (indiscernible) basis. We have a significant amount of engagement by our Board in R&D since it's such a significant investment and strategic to the company but as I go forward into ’15 we may see a slight tick-up but not to the magnitude we have seen in the last two to three years Joe.
Bill Brown: It hasn’t changed a lot in the last three months since the last quarter, the issues we have in PSPC remain two fold, one is both the market itself and the market appears to be getting a little bit weaker than where we were just a couple of months ago and there is execution. I don’t want to pile on the execution issues. They are going to take a number of quarters to fix. We have seen some delays in the roll out of some systems due to some customer issues. I think we’re responding, as I mentioned last time we’re adding on the sales and marketing side. We’re investing in a product offering, we’re investing heavily to improve the quality of our software architecture and our product we’re selling into the field all of which I think are positive things, it will help us overtime but what I have seen is I really spend a little more time on this business. There is no silver bullet here. On the market side it is a bit weaker than where we thought just a few months ago, we now see the market to be down maybe flat to down mid-single digits as supposed to being more flattish and what I think is happening here we’re sort of caught between two pieces one is the rebanning that that happened and ended around January ’13 that had a positive effect and maybe pull forward some sales. And then on the right hand side or the later side is the investments that are coming down the path on LTE and when I think is we’re sort of stuck in the middle we’re winding down from the rebanning and state and local customers are waiting for the uptick on LTE and I think that’s what’s compressing the market that we’re in today. So, I think the state and local finances are a little bit better but we don’t see that reading through right now in opportunities for public safety. I think when you setup and you look at it longer term we do know that those analog systems that are out there and there is quite a few will shift to digital. LMR will move to LTE overtime. I think we’ve taken all the right steps to take out cost, to position our product to be successful, to upgrade our management team and I know we have got margin expansion opportunity so I think for Harris public safety will be a long term growth story. It is just going to take a little time for that to figure itself out.
Bill Brown: Well I think on public safety we’re coming off of a fairly weak 2014, fiscal ’14 and in a market that’s softened down a little bit. I think we just hold share, we will see our business stabilize and we feel reasonably confident that we will see better performance in public safety in fiscal ’15 than ’14. It may not be up, but we’re guided to be about flat right now. I think on the tactical side look we do know that we’re ending the year with our backlog down a little bit it's about 24% year-over-year it declined sequentially by about 70%. We anticipated some decline or coming off of a pretty strong Q2 and Q3. So we thought that was going to end up happening. Typically what we see in the year is about 60% of our backlog converting to revenue in the subsequent year. We have some multi-year orders in our backlog today. Last year we converted about 60% of our backlog and 40% in the year before it was just over that around 61% - 62% so that’s not unusual. Then we’re also seeing in the 65% to 75% range of new orders converting within the year that’s what we have seen over last couple of years and we expect to see a same trend going into fiscal ’15. So when you put those two pieces together I think we’re pretty confident about the guidance and the outlook we have for both tactical and public safety. As we come back and look at just where we’re in the pipeline, the DoD pipeline down a little bit sort of the $900 million to $1 billion range so it's holding in there even without any HMS opportunities in there and with the international side remaining relatively healthy at 2.5 billion we do know that some of those opportunities will come to bear in fiscal ’15 and all that taken together is what gives us confidence on the guidance for next year.
Bill Brown: The $200 million to $300 million at the end of GFY ’15 was on the HMS line, on the MNVR we think it's sort of $60 million to $65 million in that range, so just to distinguish that. And yes there are, the army can buy SRW appliques against that funding and they can buy those appliques to plug some of the fielding gap. So that is our hope and expectation that some of that will happen over the course of the fiscal year.
Bill Brown: I think the market itself is going to be flattish in the next couple of years to be honest with you. I think the international side because we’re a big player on the international front. I think the international could be up modestly I think we did capture a little bit of share in our fiscal ’14 but it could be up modestly in our fiscal ’15. The fact that the pipeline, that’s over 12 to 18 months sort of hangs in there for U.S. DoD at the $900 million to a $1 billion range is an indication for the size of the market that happens to be out there in U.S. DoD. Just because of the HMS moving out and the funding is not in that pipeline we took that out last time. So that really doesn’t affect the way we see the marketplace. There are number of opportunities that we see coming on resets, modernization and other parts of the military services more than 60% of our U.S. DoD pipeline is outside of the U.S. Army, it's the airforce, it's SOCOM, it's the Marine Corp that are modernizing and standardizing on Harris technology and that still appears reasonably robust. When you talk about pricing we compete every day on pricing both in the U.S. DoD and outside of that and in every discussion we have and every contract we sign there is significant pressure on the pricing side. I think the fact that we bring significant technology to bear, you know product that delivers in the field with very, very, very good quality. I think it allows the hold on our pricing and our margins in the tactical radio business.
Bill Brown: We see pricing pressure in the markets that we happen to be but keep in mind when you’re deep with a particular service in a country those opportunities do tend to come back to you. We have incumbency in some markets. So when opportunities arise we tend to be at the front of the line for those kind of opportunities. We do have difficult pricing conversations with every one of our customers but I don’t see it increasing measurably next year from where we were at this past year on the international side.
Bill Brown: There is a fair amount of the -- about 260 to 265, you’re very insightful on that number, it's in that range on internal R&D is spent at the RF Com business and the largest piece of that is within the tactical business. I think it's safe to say it's in the $100 million range but I don’t think I want to get much more specific than that, it's a substantial amount of money. As we go into next year there maybe a slight increase in that and may come from other parts of the company as we see good returns and good investment opportunities in tactical radio. We may see some shift, some of the increase that we saw in Q4 comes with adding of people and those people carry into next year so there will be a natural increase next year just because of the annulization of some of the investment we made in Q4, not a 100% of it but some piece of it. So a very good chunk of our investment is being spent in the tactical business. I would also say you can see the resilience we have in the GCS business 0 to up 2% next year relatively strong this past year, we have stepped up our internal R&D spend at GCS as well and I think that’s paying dividends as well.
Bill Brown: Yes we saw at the beginning of last year, we talked about this quite a bit because we expected it will provide a little bit of margin pressure that we would see substantial growth in the amount of systems we’re selling into international market. We expected at that time that the systems business would roughly double year-over-year. It increased quite a bit, it didn’t quite double it was up about 50%. And we see another increase going into next year of a substantial amount of the orders seemed relative a market magnitude of 40% more or less. This year, this past fiscal ’14 it was around a $180 million to $200 million worth of systems business on the international side and it will go up in the 35% - 40% range next year.
Bill Brown: It's going to be substantial. We have done in the range of $30 million to $50 million a year with the NGA and my comments and I will just repeat them here that that business should double over the course of the next year or two. I think it remains the same Chris, so I think that’s sort of shapes and sizes the opportunity at a pretty high level.
Bill Brown: Frankly there has been a whole lot that’s been happening on the -- in that particular area. We just came off a 14.2, I think our performance on 14.2 was quite good. We felt very, very good about it and I think we’re well positioned in the upcoming NIEs. I think if you read and I’m sure you’ve Chris, a lot of what’s written in the press and memos by very senior people in the military about the performance of Program of Record in other parts. I think we feel very, very well positioned with our HMS offerings both the manpack and the Rifleman. We talked to you before about the advantages of our own manpack product. It weighs less, it's smaller, has all the waveforms, doesn’t need all the expensive appliques, it boots up quicker all those various things and we feel very, very good about that and I think when I look at some of the comments coming out of the military based on 14.2 about weight, size, battery life, heat dissipation. I feel very good about where our product is going to stack-up based on our long legacy of developing products in this area. We developed our manpack product with an eye towards keeping the weight low, with an eye towards making it heat and thermally efficient. So we think that that is going to be a performance differentiator for us overtime. So I feel very good about our product offering both in what we did in 14.2 as well as what’s coming up in fiscal ’15 and I hope that answered your question Chris.
Bill Brown: The Rifleman is very -- we have got a great offering in the Rifleman radio, for us it's the U.S. equivalent to our international soldier radio. We sold 44,000 of those radios around the world and I like where we stack up there as well. We have got a product with a longer battery life in excess of 12 hours, shorter connect time to network and I think as you might have seen in the demo it has a unique dashboard display at the top providing operational network status. So battery life remaining, numbers of users on the net et cetera, it's NSA certified. So we feel very good about our Rifleman Radio product as well and I think over the last year-and-half you’ve been asking us quite frequently about NSA sort on the manpack and I did mention in my prepared remarks we got that in June. So both the manpack and the Rifleman are bought NSA certified at this point.
Bill Brown: Yes substantially. It's Aireon is a program. It's a joint venture between NAV Canada and Iridium and our contract is really with Aireon and it's to put payloads on to this constellation and the total amount of payload I think it's 66 satellites on orbit with -- on orbit spares and on ground spares. So I think it's total of 81 and there is 81 payloads just for Aireon and on top of that there have been other payloads booked with other customers for that constellation and hopefully that answers your question Chris.
Bill Brown: I would just say that it is upside to what we anticipate it when we signed Aireon in terms of the payloads riding on that constellation. I think it's all that we can say.
