William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Rahul. Overall fiscal 2016 was a solid year, excellent progress in a multiyear strategy to successfully integrate Exelis and realize the full synergies and accretion. We'll continue to drive our operational excellence program to not only lower costs but also to streamline processes, improve program execution and increase customer satisfaction. And we'll continue to reinvest in R&D to grow our core franchises and address near adjacencies where technology and innovation are differentiators. An important part of our strategy to drive shareholder value is optimizing our business portfolio by focusing on investments in which technology provides differentiation. We dispassionately, objectively and aggressively assess which businesses strategically fit and are a better value to Harris, as well as which businesses maybe a better value on their own or with a third-party. When we believe a business is not core to our strategy to drive shareholder value, we undertake proactive steps as evidenced by the recent sale of Aerostructures and the sale of our Commercial Healthcare and Broadcast Communications businesses in prior years. We will continue to assess our portfolio with the goal of enhancing shareholder value creation. And as Rahul just described fiscal 2017 guidance, while we still expect revenue headwinds to persist, we also expect additional acquisition savings and our continuing focus on lowering cost to result in higher fiscal 2017 earnings. Our guidance anticipates a continuing resolution through the end of this calendar year, and the spending constraints it typically creates until the budget is passed; especially on our shorter cycle tactical business. Longer term, we expect positive momentum in Space and Intel. and Electronic Systems to continue, and we also anticipate a recovery in the tactical market driven by army and SOCOM modernizations, as well as other international modernizations such as in Australia and in the Middle East and Northern Africa. And with that I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, it was pretty broad across the services. It was not in special operations, but it was pretty broad across the other services, mainly base type business, resets, sustainment spares, other things that we saw. And it's not really in our view a need-based push out, it's really based on just some cautionary behavior on expectations of a continuing resolution which again we are expecting through the end of this calendar year. I won't speculate today as to what the impact might be if it moves beyond the end of December, but I think it would probably put some pressure on the backend of our year if the CR moves out beyond December.
William M. Brown: Well, it's really across the services and it's not so much Army driven; it's other services. But it's a – we're making very good progress. Most – in fact, all of the certifications are in place. The testing is complete. We have interim NSA certification; right now, getting a formal NSA cert should happen over the next several months. It's really administrative process more than anything, and once we get the formal NSA cert, it should trigger some orders happening. We have about $10 million in backlog right now in MUOS and we do see, as a Rahul pointed out, in next year tens of millions of opportunities in MUOS. We still feel very, very good about that opportunity in fiscal 2017, Pete.
William M. Brown: Yeah, sure. Let me start with CapRock. The – we exit the year about what we thought about $60 million in the quarter in CapRock energy. So, it was down quite a bit year-over-year in the fourth quarter probably around 35%, for the year in 2016 down about 25%. With oil sitting down in the low $40s, now we see a bit of incremental pressure, although there's some service companies out there that are expecting some recovery into 2017 and maybe the back end of 2017. We do see another step down next year, we're sizing it about 25%. We took some pretty aggressive restructuring actions really over the last 12 months to 18 months, but you recall pretty significantly as we exited Q2 and those are starting to take hold. We lost money in CapRock energy in Q3, we returned to profitability in Q4. And that's part of the reason why you see the CN segment, Critical Networks segment being a little more profitable in Q4, part of it comes from some turnaround in the CapRock business. So I think, we've sized it for next year. We expect to make money in CapRock energy next year, but we do see another step down in that segment again about 25%. On the services side, we were down 10%, 11% in the services in the quarter; for the year down about 22% in the services side, mission sustainment, which was about what we had expected, maybe a little bit better in Q4, but about what we expected. We do see another step down next year, sort of in a high single digit range. We have a pretty good pipeline of opportunities. We ended fiscal 2016 in that business with a book-to-bill of one. So we're holding backlog going into next year. We had previously said about a third of that business was up for re-compete and was going to put some pressure into 2017. We're now guiding to that pressure into 2017. But some of the re-competes are now behind us. I think, we're faring pretty well. There's a few that is still ahead of us. What we're seeing here is that the re-competes, we're winning them. Where we do win them, they're coming as – instead of single vendor, they're more multivendor or IDIQs instead of regular contracts. So we still have to compete for task orders. So we do still see some revenue pressure in 2017 in services, but not quite as the downturn we saw in 2016, Howard.
William M. Brown: Well, first off, the – it was constructive. They've become a major shareholder. We welcome input from all of our shareholders. We have very active dialogue with everybody. We reached an agreement to add two new independent directors to the board, and we talked – and you'll read in the 8-K and the agreement that we filed a little bit about that. One will be announced in early September, both will stand for election at our Annual General Meeting in October. But beyond that, I don't think I'll comment on any other conversations with them or any other particular shareholder, Howard.
William M. Brown: Sure. In fact, we feel very good first off about where we came out in fiscal 2016, with a lot of puts and takes, above the $750 million guidance, so we came in at $772 million. We feel good about how we delivered that, absorbing pretty substantial pension and cash integration costs, very good improvement in working capital as we had signaled we would have. We continue to tightly manage our capital spending. So next year we guided to about $800 million in free cash flow with a little bit of a step up in capital spending, although we remain very, very tight on that at $175 million. We still see a path to getting to $1 billion by fiscal 2019. That was a three year goal that we set out. And it comes from the same things we described before on this call. Certainly the integration savings roll in this year and sort of hit steady state really going into 2018. We see lower cash integration costs. We see lower cash interest expenses. We see some additional working capital performance improvements. And since we've closed about 50% of our floor space or about 2 million square feet, we do see some additional capital spending efficiencies as we get further out in time. So those are the still – they still remain, Seth, to be the key drivers of hitting $1 billion in 2019.
William M. Brown: Yes, we do. We do expect Milestone C occurring later this quarter. And just to go back a little bit, we had a very good user test – limited user test back in October of last year. The Army validated the need for the mid-tier radio at 16.2 back in May, so it was very good. It was – you need the mid-tier to connect the upper and lower tactical tiers, and they've shown that. They also showed, which was the key intention of the test, was that you needed a radio like MNVR to operate in SATCOM denied or degraded environments, and it performed well. Our radio meets all the CPD requirements, and we do expect a Milestone C later in this year. The questions that were raised were really around weight – really SWaP in general, and range. And we met the original – we met the requirements. We do see opportunities to improve that over time.
William M. Brown: Well, we're not going to give guidance on the book-to-bill. What we've given guidance on today is what we think is going to happen in the revenue environment. And we see the DoD business to be flat to up a little bit slightly going into next year. We ended the year around $70 million more or less in Q4. You see it in the back of the appendix in the DoD tactical business. We see that same cautious behavior continuing into next year, but then on top of that, we see tens of millions of opportunities in two areas as Rahul mentioned, Army modernization opportunities, which would include the MNVR opportunity, as well as on MUOS and that should bring us to flat to up slightly. We do see another step-down next year in the international business. We see that our pipeline still remains pretty healthy in that business, but we do see that business down sort of mid teens going into next year. Not a lot really has changed in many ways since our Q3 release in terms of the overall sets of risks and opportunities that are still out there. We still see some good funding on the horizon. But we see that business down a little bit going into next year. And maybe, Noah, I'll just give you a little bit more color on this, as we look out into 2017, we see about a third of that business is in Europe, which as you know we've talked before and 2016 was coming off a pretty good record year, Eastern Europe and the Ukraine remained very, very solid. We still see that strong going into 2017, but it would be down slightly from what was a record year. We see about a third of the businesses in the Middle East and Africa where we do expect to see a relatively slow pace to continue, revenue to be flat to down slightly. Iraq remains one of our biggest opportunities in the Middle East. There's another country in the Middle East which we see a little bit of recovery offset that, but again that Middle East Africa should be probably down slightly to flat in next year. The balance of the business or about 10% to 15% each in Asia-Pac and Australia; Australia should be – that region should be flat to up a little bit because Australia is going to come in a little bit stronger next year. We see Central America, Latin America to be flat to up slightly a little bit. We do see Brazil a little bit weaker. We see Mexico a little bit stronger, but that region up a little bit. But really as we look out to the next year, the big challenge we're facing is really in Central Asia, in particular in Afghanistan, as a pretty big program runs from lots of new radios in the past to more sustainment in 2017 and beyond. And that's really the biggest piece of the headwind going into next year.
William M. Brown: Yeah, sure. Look, while we're seeing some pressure in 2017, when you see us already (33:54) down 1% to 3%, 1% to 4% next year. We've got two business segments that are coming up and coming off of a pretty good back half that's Electronic Systems and Space and Intel. So those are performing very, very well, and we expect that to continue. Within Critical Networks, we see our mission networks FAA business to be – it's been strong this past year, very strong in the second half of 2016, continuing up next year, good international opportunities. So we see that continuing to grow going into next year. We think service is going to stabilize as we get beyond 2017 into 2018, so won't be as much of a drag. And then on the CS segment, we see that segment down next year, but when you look at two things; one, the pace of awards and actions happening on Army modernization and SOCOM modernization those activities are moving quickly. Our Rifleman Radio is now through both customer test and qual test. The Manpack radio is now through qualification test. They expect to go into delivery orders in the early part of our Harris fiscal 2018. SOCOM moves – is moving nicely. We do see substantial budget upticks in 2017 from 2016, as well then in 2018 from 2017, so very good strong funding support for that. On the international side, the pipeline remains very, very strong. The needs are out there. The funding is not moving at a pace as we had expected, but there is strong need that's out there. The pipeline is pretty robust. And going out beyond 2017, we see markets like Australia to be quite significant and big contributors as we get into 2018. So we still believe that 2018 will be a growth year for Harris Corporation, and I think, we're positioning ourselves well to grow in that time period.
William M. Brown: We're not going to comment on any specific analysis that's going on right now inside the company, no. We're – you know again, I wouldn't add more than what I was – I said in my prepared remarks, which I thought very carefully about. We're looking at this aggressively and dispassionately making sure that we keep businesses that add value long-term to our owners, and that's all we're prepared to talk about today.
William M. Brown: Well, just in terms of just the math that we gave in terms of guidance, we said the tactical business – legacy tactical would be down high single digits. You can see it came down about 14%, just the math would indicate it's sort of $65 million to $70 million slipped out into fiscal 2017.
William M. Brown: Yeah, look – the – so again, about $65 million, $70 million moved out. A little more than half of that was international, little less than half of that was on the DoD side. So on the international side, it was several different opportunities about two-thirds of which really came out of the Middle East Africa region. And really got hung up by sort of a late, late approval on the $1.77 billion IDIQ, and then it just took some time to get the task orders through the system. And as we pointed out, we did recognize revenue for those opportunities here in July. And I wouldn't characterize it as anything more than – whether it's incremental or not, we gave our guidance for 2017, we do see the international business to be sort of down mid teens going into next year.
William M. Brown: Yeah. We've weathered this past year on a tactical business down about 14%. We weathered that downturn and had pretty good margins in 2016 and we expect to have good margins going into 2017 as well. Integration savings are a key component of that, Gautam. In fact, the significant relocation of the Fort Wayne production facility into Rochester was a tactical radio opportunity and those – and that's those savings are going to hit us in 2017 and that does backstop our margins in fiscal 2017 offsetting what would happen to be some pressure from top line coming down.
William M. Brown: Thank you, Gautam. Look, I'm not going to give much color around book-to-bill for the year. For the company overall we do see a slightly better back half and front half, simply just by the nature of the expectations of the CR, it's going to be slightly backend loaded, but not much unusual from what we've seen in the prior year's, maybe a tick-up in the back half from what we seen before. So I won't really size or shape the tactical business for fiscal 2017. On the pipeline, the DoD pipeline still remains pretty healthy. It's in the $900 million to $1 billion size. And we do start to see more of the modernization opportunities starting to come into the pipeline. On the international side, the pipeline remains about $2.6 billion. We said last time about $2.9 billion. The big opportunity we had in there that drove it to $2.9 billion was Australia, $600 million. We feel good about the opportunity. It's still out there. As we gotten into detailed negotiations with Australia, they may split that into two pieces, they may do $300 million, $350 million at the back end of our fiscal 2017, the balance may slip out a little bit beyond that. And that was the key driver of bringing down our international pipeline to about $2.6 billion. But it's still sitting at a very robust level, which gives us some confidence of growth in fiscal 2018 as a company overall.
William M. Brown: And on the classified piece, you're right, I mean, we really can't provide a lot more color on that other than what we've talked about. But I'm very pleased and very proud of what the team has done over the course of fiscal 2016, certainly in the back half in our proprietary business, classified business. A lot of this relates to using different capabilities acquired with Exelis, combining with what Harris legacy has, moving from sensors to systems to now providing end-to-end solutions. And that allows us to have a different conversation with customers on where we can plug in as a prime mission provider. And these things evolve over time. The team has done a fantastic job of articulating our newfound capabilities, and the customers recognizing that and providing opportunities back to Harris Corporation. So I really can't say much more than that other than we're performing very, very well in a classified space with good back funding support and with a lot of good, strong prospects into the future.
William M. Brown: Well, I won't talk about what we've certainly booked in the month of July in terms by country, but it is an opportunity in fiscal 2017, what slipped from June moved into 2017. There was you recall back when we announced our Q3 earnings, we recalibrated guidance for tactical and part of it was an opportunity for Iraq that moved into 2017, that is still sitting out here. That is going to happen. There's funding support for that. Iraq remains one of our biggest opportunities, certainly for next year, but also more importantly in terms of a longer term pipeline. There's lots of opportunities in Iraq. It comes both in the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Interiors, different funding support – funding backstop (46:48) support, but it's really a good opportunity for us going into 2017 in our tactical business.
William M. Brown: Yeah. I don't think depreciation and amortization in total is changing in 2017 versus 2016, it's about flat, so there's not an incremental contribution in cash going into 2017, Pete, on D&A.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. So I was wondering could you quantify, you mentioned that some of the Q4 slipped that are tactical product in Q1. Could you quantify that for us, then I've a couple other questions.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And I have a follow-up. Can you talk about the FMS task orders that you were talking about having moved to the right a little bit? Size them for us and could you gauge whether those are incremental year-to-year? It doesn't sound like you've given the guidance of down mid-teens.
Gautam Khanna: No, I'm just curious, I mean, I'm trying to square it because it looks like there's some things you're going to catch up, but the guidance is down quite a bit.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then last one, Bill, could you give us an update on the size of your international and DoD legacy RF pipeline and also relatedly, you may have answered it, I may have missed it, the book-to-bill expectation for tactical RF this year and perhaps any phasing, because it sounds like second half you will have some of those 18 opportunities start to convert to orders. I'm thinking JTRS Manpack Australia and the like but I haven't heard much about the first half and I'm just wondering if you could calibrate an overall tactical RF book-to-bill first half versus second half? Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. I'm sorry, so that was my last one. I did want to ask Rahul, if you could just talk about where the unfunded pension and OPEB now ends fiscal 2016, and what if any implications that has on cash contributions longer term. Thank you.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So our total pension deficit, Gautam, increased by about $100 million to $2.3 billion from $2.2 billion, and this includes both the pension and the OPEB liabilities. So we previously said that our pension liabilities increased about roughly $180-ish million for every 25 basis points reduction in discount rate, and the discount rate changed by 40 basis points. But that was partially offset by the contributions we had made and certain changes in the postretirement benefits. So our total deficit ended at $2.3 billion, up $100 million from where we ended last year. It really has no impact on our contributions because that's a kind of a different formula. Our total contributions will go up a little bit next year because the discount rate at which we calculate with the contributions is coming down, and also, the rate of return on assets need to be factored in. So contributions are up about $10 million, $15 million year-over-year, but that also gets offset by the cash reimbursements that we get from the government.
Rahul Ghai: Okay. So let me start, Carter, and Bill can take the second one. So the FAS pension benefit is, as you know, is largely on the Exelis portfolio. So by the nature of that, that went to Space & Intel, ES and Critical Networks because that's where the majority of the FAS benefit is just given where the Exelis business happens to be in our business. And you can see the margins in those segments did get a benefit from those FAS contributions or FAS changes.
Rahul Ghai: With the changes, yeah, if you assume 40%, 40%, 20%, I don't think you'll be that far off in terms of those three segments.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So we've mentioned our amortization is roughly the same year-over-year on the Exelis deal, beyond that we would not like to comment. In terms of our cash flow, listen, we feel good about the $800 million if you look at the kind of the $770 million that we did this year with the tailwind that Bill mentioned on coming off the integration cost adjusted for tax. We do have some pension income that is non-cash, and then a little bit of CapEx changes and then working capital improvement, that gets us to about $800 million, we feel good about that. And I really don't want to go beyond that at this point.
