Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Sheila It's Chris, I think let me make a couple of comments and then I'll lateral it over to Jay. And I think you said it, right. This is clearly the key question for the week. So I want to go back probably three years when we were talking about the strategic rationale for the merger. And there were 2 items of note and I want to go back and reinforce. And 1 was the complementary nature of the 2 businesses. And after the merger, how we're well-positioned in all 5 domains. So when you look at the threat environment which changes on a regular basis, you look about and read a lot about China. I mean, our positioning in space and maritime, I think puts us in a good position to support the war fighter.  Our Cyber capabilities really are applicable not only in China, but all conflicts. I like what we've done in the air domain. While there's applicability in China, it also allows for situational awareness globally. And I think that's critical as we look beyond just the China threat. And the land domain is still a key part of our national security strategy, especially with the focus on resilient comms. So I like the fact that we're well-positioned in all these domains, and I think you see that reflected in our results and we're going to tell you a little bit about 2022. The other one was the revenue synergies. And again, like most of the goals that we set on this merger, we're ahead of schedule. And as I said just a few minutes ago, $900 million of orders earlier than we thought, and I think there's a lot more to come.  So the framework that we laid out 3 years ago, and I've talked about each year remains the same. We think we're well-positioned with the DOD and all domains. We have a great revenue synergy, opportunity and process. And our international growth has been the bright spot over the last couple of years. So, as you would expect, we're going through our strategic planning process. As of today, I see all 4 segments growing in 2022, with the overall Company coming in in the low to mid-single digits on an organic growth basis. We'll obviously give you more details in January. But let me hand it over to Jay to maybe give you more detail by sector and also emphasize the 800 million of headwinds as a result of divestitures when you're doing your comparison. So Jay.
Chris Kubasik: Alright. Thanks, Rob. Let me kick it off and, again, Jay will give you some more details on the numbers. I think it really hit as we were preparing for this call the last few days when Jay said that we've been through 7 quarters of the pandemic. I mean, it's probably been a blur for all of us, but we really started back in February of 2020 focusing on the supply chain challenge. Just eight months after we closed the merger, we set up our COVID war room and the real focus there was on the first tier suppliers that we had in the Far East. Obviously, since then we've learned a lot about the second, third, fourth tier suppliers and some of the risks in the chain and the resiliency.  So I just want to acknowledge that this is something we've looked at for 7 quarters. Of course, we shifted and as I would say, we always focus on the supply chain, we added in remote working, the IT connections, vaccines, all the challenges that we've gone through in the pandemic. So it's been a little bit of a roller coaster, but the key is then getting our systems consolidated from the merger, getting data, getting visibility, and all of that is improved over the last several quarters. So I think that's what gives us confidence to make some of the projections and talk in a little more detail today. Back in early August, we were probably feeling much better about the year and, you know, August was the high point for the Delta variant spiking around the globe.  And that really threw the delays that we're seeing for the rest of the year. So we're assuming in our baseline is a 12-month delay. Until things get back to normal with the supply chain. I know there's different time-frames out there but that's kind of the baseline that we're focused on. I will mention as a defense contractor, we have the benefit of what's known as D - pass ratings, which are the defense priorities in allocation system. And that's something we've been focused on the last several quarters. And even on the other end of it, the supply chain, a lot of our suppliers are aware of this and are still putting in systems and implementing it. But they've been very supportive in prioritizing our defense products. And I think that's given us a little more confidence and visibility. But that is kind of an overview. I'll ask Jay to maybe give you some of the details on the numbers.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. I'll maybe take in a reverse order. On the integration costs, we actually saw a step up here in the third quarter. We'll see a little bit higher again here in the fourth quarter. It's really mainly due to two things. One is as we work through our facility consolidations, we've seen an uptick in costs. We expect to see continued spending in that area, probably through the mid-year, next year as we complete those factory consolidations. The other element is a really IT harmonization. We've talked a lot about harmonizing our ERP systems. There were just various systems beyond just our ERPs. We've been working through and incurring the cost on related to integration. That will carry over, I would expect it to next year as well. Some for a period of time again, probably through the first 6 months.
Chris Kubasik: [Indiscernible] in real quick on the integration costs. With the pandemic, we stayed agile and made some changes to strategies. And I'll just say in the IT world, we have laid out an architecture. And with the need for remote work and hybrid work, we re-prioritized and made some changes which caused us to accelerate some of our expenditures in Q3, Q4. Same thing applied to supply chain.  We had a whole strategy and one of those was to hit the end of '22, start investing in the risk dashboard to give us more visibility into our supply chain and identified risks. You've seen publicly available data, whether it's stuff such as wildfires or financial stability in the supply chain. We obviously accelerated that into this year, rolling that out in Q3 and Q4. So some of those things seem to make business sense to increase the cost and accelerate the expenditures based on what was going on.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, sure. Rich. Good morning. Let me go with your next-gen jammer question. Just to refresh everyone's memory, we won that program back in December of 2020, almost a year ago. The Navy has affirmed 3 times their choice to select L3Harris, including most recently using an independent reviewer. There's been a lot of media, a lot of discussion on this. We were very proud of the fact that we were rated technically outstanding. And, you know, that's aligns with our strategy. And in the R&D investments that we've made and moving up the food chain, so I think we just let the process proceed. It's somewhere between Navy and Department of Justice and the other Company as to what they're going to do next.  But our team is ready. There was a stop work order put in place which is pretty standard. And whenever that's decided to be lifted we're ready to go, or whatever other legal actions occur. But again, we're very confident in our solution, as is the Navy as they continue to reaffirm their selection. We'll stand by and look forward to supporting the Warfighter when we can get started. F-35, I think we've talked about this on every call. Let me give you a quick update. We're obviously the key player on the F-35. We have a strong position on the platform, about $3 million per shipset. Our overall F-35 revenue is decreasing in '21, decreasing in '22, and then starts to grow again in '23.  That's really a result of the TR3 transition from development to production. And where that may differ a little bit from what you saw -- from the prime, is the fact that we'll be retrofitting several hundred aircrafts so that's what allows us to grow in '23 and beyond. Not only are we going forward with the new aircraft, we're also going to retrofit. And again, the main focus for us is the AMS, the Aircraft Memory System. We just completed safety of flight certifications so that was quite exciting. A lot of positive emails from Lockheed and the customers. So good progress on our AMS. The panoramic cockpit display is entering qualification testing.  And then of course, the integrated core processor is the most complex and, again, we're making progress there. Everybody understands the critical path. And as we've always said, the hard part is ahead of us here as the integration testing is going on. So I think, as I've said the last several quarters, the teamwork is much better than I've ever seen. Everybody is aligned, everybody understands the goals, the challenges, and the critical path, and we're honored to be on that platform and look forward to delivering on our commitment.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Let me take a first shot at this one. Well, first of all, we have a record backlog of $1.2 billion, and that's the best we had in the past 10 years. So relative to that, there is no issue relative to demand, and book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.7 in year to date, we're almost at 1.2, so there is absolutely 0 issue with the demand. I highlighted some of the significant wins that we had recently with the army. You're well aware of those large, high IDIQs and how there is a lot of runway to go relative to those. So we're feeling really good on the demand and the outlook. We're going to see growth in '22 internationally. I think there continues to be lots of interest for this year. Asia-Pacific region and Central and Latin America are growing. Europe and the Mid East is a little flat, but as we look further out in '23 and beyond, I see that trend switching.  I think Jay did a good job, just of highlighting it. We look like -- we do about -- if I go back to 2020, we're doing about $450 million, roughly, per quarter in revenue. In '21, the first 2 quarters, due to our growth, we were closer to $475 million. Third quarter, we came in at $400 million and the fourth quarter probably going to be in that $300 million to $400 million range depending on supply chain. I see that trend continuing for the first 2 quarters of next year. The 300 to 400 range, and then maybe ramping up to 500 plus for the second half of 22 and the first two quarters of '23 will make up for the shortfall. So I'm trying to give you some color there based on what we see in backlog and the opportunities that we have around the globe. I don't know Jay if there's more.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Now, Doug, that's great question. I think you hit it. I tried to maybe to subtly suggest that this is a timing impact. And I think you're absolutely right. What we're seeing is these deliveries basically being deferred or sliding to the right. About 25% of our business we forecast to demand, the rest we forecast to programs which is easier to do and less risky. So on the quick turn or the more product businesses you're forecasting demand, Jay mentioned we're now making commitments 12 to 18 months out versus a couple of months. It's in-advance like we used to in the past. So when you look at the supply chain challenges to the extensive if a product or something that we recognize revenue upon delivery, you're absolutely right. You will see that as a bow wave.  The majority of our Company, and I think the whole industry, uses a percent complete or over time accounting. So in that case, you're maybe not going to see the revenue hit, but what you are going to see is a potential delay in ultimately making a delivery, which maybe causes companies to miss their milestones, which could be pressure on billing and cash to the extent it's tied to a milestone event. So I think you're absolutely right. We view this as a delay and a deferral. I mentioned the ability to use the Deepak ratings to get our parts. And as I mentioned, we haven't missed any commitments relative to our contracts and that's something that's very important to all of us and we’ll continue to find ways to deliver to those commitments.  The revenue shortfall was our focus on over driving and challenging the team to get the year-over-year growth. But as far as the contracts we're tracking and we're in constant communication with all of our customers and they understand where we are. So I don't know if that helps you, Doug, but that's a long way of saying I agree with you.
Chris Kubasik: Now, Peter, the 350 target we threw out was the cost synergies from the merger. We'll be putting a bow on that here in the next few quarters, and we've over-driven the synergies that we laid out. Anything post the merger synergies will count towards the E3 program. I think we've learned a lot, as I've said, relative to the pandemic, how we do business. And I didn't really get to focus on International as an example. And it's still amazing to me that we're effectively double-digit on international growth. And it's probably the worst time ever to do business internationally during the pandemic, but I think we learned a lot as to how to better use our time. I've been on all sorts of Zoom calls at strange hours of the data to connect with customers. And if you have those prior relationships so it's still going to be beneficial to get on an airplane and see people face-to-face.  But I think we've been able to find a way to do business more effectively. We're going to have about 10% of the workforce working remotely permanently and have about 20% doing hybrid. So those are all new and different ways to do business. And we're excited about the future. Haven't less people in the facilities, we've been able to go ahead and make some of the changes or highlight it in the factory and go ahead with the -- some of the robots that we're using, some of these light guide tools. It's just easier to get those things done. Jay mentioned the facility consolidation. We probably lost a little bit of time, as you would imagine, due to the pandemic, no one being vaccinated, and the difficulty getting labor, but now we're picking that pace back up again. Yes, we see this as really being a differentiator, something that's in our DNA and something that everybody is engaged with. Thank you for the question, Peter. I guess with that, we'll just wrap it up for the day. Obviously, I'd like to recognize the 47,000 employees who were focused on delivering value for our stakeholders, and they continue to overcome the unprecedented challenges presented by the pandemic. Their resilience, combined with the many opportunities ahead, keep me, Jay, and the whole leadership team excited about the future of L3Harris. I thank you for joining the call, and look forward to talking to you again in January. Have a great week. Thanks.
Jay Malave: Sure. Thanks, Chris. And just to follow up on that and maybe just a little bit more color on next year when you think about low to mid-single-digit framework for next year. What I'll do is I'll maybe just take you around the horn of our segments. And I think Chris said it well, as far as broad growth across the portfolio. I'll start with IMS. And this year, we had a guide of 4-6, we've said it will be probably towards the upper end this year. And we see a lot of the same going into 2022 that we've seen here in 2021. The ISR business has been a strong grower force behind the back of international aircraft mechanization. We will see fewer aircraft procurement inputs next year, but that will be more than offset by the ramp in actual throughput related to mechanization in aircraft.  You may recall that Chris, in the second quarter call, talked about 19 aircraft in various stages of mechanization, so that will be a source of growth for that business. And that business can certainly deliver loaded mid-single-digit growth next year, if not more. On the EO business within IMS, Chris mentioned a few awards Electro Optical sensors for the Navy. We're bullish on that, that will be a source of growth for us next year. And again, very capable of being able to deliver low-to-mid-single digit next year and a final business with an IMS is Maritime. Maritime has had a strong record over the -- really since the merger. And we see more of the same there as well. We talk about the Constellation Class frigate.  We've won some awards on the classified undersea sensors, and we continue to expand our capabilities and applications in maritime and we expect that to deliver to frankly mid to high-single-digit growth next year. And so when you look at that segment in total, it's very well-positioned to do a low to mid-single-digit if not more. When you look at space in Air Boeing systems, very similar. We continue to expect space to grow as it did this year. And so you would see something in the -- maybe in the range of mid-to-high single-digits growth there. Same thing with Intel & Cyber. We continue to see growth and demand in declassified areas of both of those businesses.  That will be tempered a bit by our airborne businesses we've seen this year that the transition, particularly mission avionics and on the F-35 from development to production, we'll see that again next year, as well as some program transitions on the electronic warfare, particularly in the F16 program. But nonetheless, even with a flattish to slightly down business in the airborne, we'll see Space and Intel carry that segment forward, very easily, being able to deliver something like in the low to mid-single digits. And I'll go next to maybe AS, and the remaining businesses that we have there. The commercial aero business has moved pretty much in line with the commercial aerospace industry.  We continue to expect our traffic growth next year and we expect that business to grow in line with that. You can expect to see some double-digit growth in that business. Mission networks, Chris mentioned the Australia award that will be a source of growth for us next year. And again, really in the low to mid-single-digit range there. And in our Defense Aviation, it's seeing a little bit of delays related to war timing. But even with a flat projection for next year, that business can deliver -- the segment can deliver low-to-mid-single-digit growth. And then finally CS. And we've talked about SATCOM the supply chain pressures there. This year that that business will be. Now about 10.  And we see if we think about SATCOM, we expect growth even next year off the lower base that we have this year. This year we're going to be impacted in the third and the fourth quarter. We expect to be impacted again in the first and second quarter, we recover the back half. With that recovering the back half, we believe that business can grow in that low to mid-single-digit baseline from this year. And it's really similar with the BCS business, our broadband business, our integrated vision solutions business, and PSPC, which will also just benefit from industry recovery. And so as Chris mentioned, again, I'll close with that.  We really see a broad-based growth in a low to mid-single-digit initial framework is the right way to look at it, really across the portfolio. One last thing, Chris mentioned about $800 million. On a reported basis, we'll see about $800 million of revenue headwind due to the divestitures of next year. But again, starting with the organic, really low-to-mid-single-digit is probably the best place for us to be until we solidify our expectations and we'll do that in January for you. Hopefully that went around the horn and gave you some color within each of the segments, and really give you the source of why we feel confident in our gaining confidence and our ability to deliver that type of growth.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just maybe a couple of other items that we're pretty focused on, Rob. Obviously, I think we're probably no different than others in terms of making longer term commitments, our 12, 18, 24 months in certain cases. We've redeployed resources to make sure we're managing this at lower tiers in the electronic component value chain. And we speak secure alternative sources as well as alternative parts and qualify them. We were redesigning parts in products and electronic components to really ensure that we can have adequate sources supply going into next year. And we're making crop progress across each of these areas, which again is why we're gaining confidence that we'll be able to grow in this business next year.  As far as supply chain specifically, supply-chain escalation is certainly going to be a cost for us when we think about 2022. Right now the I'm thinking about is about 25 basis points of margin pressure associated with escalation costs. I would say that that's something that we were considering, that's something that we've got baked in, and that's something that will be part of our plans to deliver on our E3 productivity. Our goal will be as it always is, to offset the headwinds from mix, as well as supply chain, and deliver at least flat margins, if not higher. The next year will be no different. The pressure is going to be a little bit higher but nonetheless, we believe that we're going to have a solid path to be able to offset it.
Jay Malave: And your question on $3 billion of free cash flow, for us to the formula really remains the same. We need to deliver annually, I'm including next year, about 3 to 4 days reduction in working capital. And that will offset the growth that otherwise would take place in working capital from just increased use of assets. And so we're able to do that. We should be able to at least hold the working capital flat if not become a source of income, or source of cash flow and then we can have that added to drag drop-through of net income. And so really remains the same as far as our working capital. When you go back and look, we've got we ended the quarter at 56 days. We've got seven sectors who are above that average, which comprises about 2/3 of our working capital. A lot of that is sitting in inventory, and we've talked about this in the past. And we're really, you know, again, it's just blocking and tackling, focusing on fundamentals as far as inventory reduction. This include things like just ensure that we execute against our program milestones. We're synchronizing our forecasting and planning with our supply chain.  We'll continue to work and Chris mentioned it on cycle time reductions in automations in the factory, as well as just negotiating better turns of our contracts, getting more advances where we're looking maybe compare to some of our other peers. Their percentage of advance is a little bit higher than ours, and so that creates an opportunity for us to ensure that we can match cash receipts with cash disbursements on the inventory side. So we're opportunity rich here, 2/3 of our working capital is prime for us to continue to work down. We feel good about that. And look from a free cash flow per share, we're very confident in double-digit growth there for the foreseeable future.
Jay Malave: Yeah. Maybe just a little bit. Chris mentioned, I think in his remarks as well as far as a Middle East customer. What we have here, these are $1 billion plus type opportunities with this Middle East customer as well as the U.K. and Australia. And what we've been able to do in each case is when front-end type of contracts. And so right now with this particular country we won about 5,000 radios, that could be potential up to 50,000 radios over a number of years. And so being on the front end will position us well for that longer-term opportunity. The same thing goes with the U.K. We just want an opportunity to do tech refresh on current radios. Net positions as well, for what could be it also another opportunity of 50,000 radios, billion-dollar plus program.  If similarly, Australia you're looking at potentially 35,000 radios. In our ballpark, we also want an opportunity there to do some crypto monetization on installed base. And so winning these early awards puts us in positions j us t very well for these long-term large programs in each of these countries, we've got a DoD opportunity coming up on either this quarter or next quarter with the marine corps. We feel confident in our positioning there and our products offering for that. And so we're confident and bullish about the opportunities for the Tactical Radio business going forward in our positioning as well.
Jay Malave: Yeah. Just on Q4, as you mentioned, we will see some just newer awards which have lower margins on it. And then the Tactile Communication business steps down in Q4, so I'll put pressure on the margins from a business mix perspective. And so that's really the driver for Q4.
