William M. Brown: Well, great. Thank you, Pam, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. Since our first quarter earnings call in late October, the government market has become more uncertain and spending, more constrained. But even in this challenging environment, second quarter results were solid. Turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Earnings per share was $1.25, $0.01 higher than prior year non-GAAP EPS and $0.07 higher than prior year GAAP EPS, even with revenue down 2%. Orders were up 30% over the prior year and up double digit in all 3 segments, resulting in a book-to-bill of greater than 1 and funded backlog essentially flat to prior quarter and up about 10% over prior year. A continued focus on operational excellence and productivity is mitigating the impact of the lower revenue. Cost reductions from restructuring actions and efficiencies in the manufacturing and supply chain are now tracking above our target of $75 million, and we continue to further reduce corporate expense, which is down 15% in the first half and is now on track to be down about 20% for the year versus fiscal 2012. Cost reduction isn't coming at the expense of investment in the future. While we continue to focus on lowering cost, we're increasing investment in product development, with total company funded R&D up 15% in the quarter on top of a 4% increase in Q1. Year-over-year Tactical Communications operating margin held steady again this quarter, while operating margin for the RF segment was slightly lower as a result of business mix related to revenue growth in Public Safety. Government Communications Systems reported another excellent quarter, with revenue growth of 4% and operating margin of 14.9%. And our growth initiatives in Integrated Network Solutions performed well, with CapRock and Healthcare achieving significant increases in orders and revenue, as well as improved operating performance. Gary will provide a little more color on segment performance in just a few minutes. Free cash flow was solid in the quarter at $120 million, bringing us to $200 million -- or approximately $200 million for the first half of fiscal '13, about 25% higher than prior year. We continue to tighten down on capital spending and for the first half, are trending well below last year and our previous guidance. While our results in the quarter was solid, the indecision and political gridlock in Washington is creating an even more challenging budget environment. The potential for an extended CR, combined with the continuing threat of sequestration, is creating a good deal of uncertainty around expected spending levels. Since early January, the commentary and tone out of the DOD has changed significantly, and they have now dropped their previous approach of not planning for sequestration. Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, in a mid-January memo, directed the services to slow spending now and plan for the worst. This was followed by budget guidance memos from each of the services outlining immediate actions to reduce overall spending: freezing civilian hiring, terminating temporary employees, deferring maintenance and looking at all contracts for savings and if necessary, to consider civilian furloughs. Within the last few weeks, we've seen a market change in behavior from several of our U.S. tactical radio customers, as they've turned their attention to sorting out what they can afford to spend and where they need to preserve funding in the face of no budget, a possible expanded CR and even potentially bigger sequestration cuts. This sorting out of budget priorities without having any clarity on what the ultimate budget will be is causing procurement to slow. And while the deadline remains on the horizon, it sure feels to us as if our customers are starting to act like sequestration has already been triggered. And as you know, our prior guidance, which was initially set in April last year, didn't include sequestration. We're hopeful that this gridlock is relatively short-lived and that we'll soon see some budget clarity, with procurement back on track. But for now, we feel it's prudent to reflect in our guidance the reduced discretionary spending we're now seeing and what we believe is the potential impact of greater budget uncertainty on our back half results. I'll come back with a few comments before we open up the call to questions. So let me now turn it over to Gary to discuss segment results.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Gary. We remain hopeful that sequestration and budget uncertainty are soon resolved so we can get more clarity not only on the current GFY '13 budget but some indication of the GFY '14 budget and the direction and priorities over the next several years. We believe the guidance provided captures the challenging budget environment for the back half of fiscal '13 as we now see it, and we stand ready to adjust our cost structure, as appropriate, for fiscal '14, once there is more clarity on the extent of expected budget reductions. As I mentioned at our analyst meeting last June, we said we would address the possibility of sequestration and government budget uncertainty by focusing on the things we control, such as executing in our core businesses and exiting what's non-core, integrating recent acquisitions, driving operational excellence and lowering cost while investing in the future through increased R&D. We are making good progress in all of these areas. We're growing share with core customers, like the FAA, recently winning 2 large NextGen programs; and with our classified customers, where orders and revenue continue to climb as a result of our unique capabilities. We have focused our portfolio and are close to the end on Broadcast and Cyber. We're integrating, growing and improving our performance in our recent acquisitions, CapRock, Healthcare and Public Safety, with each showing solid growth in margin performance in the first half, results which indicate we're well on our way to making these growth initiatives a valuable part of Harris. We're increasing our international market presence by capturing synergies and convergence opportunities like between Tactical and Public Safety in Trinidad and Tobago, Brazil and Mexico; and between Tactical and CapRock, with the UHF satellite service that CapRock is now offering to international Falcon users. We're stepping up our game on operational excellence, and we're tracking well above our $75 million productivity target for the year. And at the same time, we're investing more in R&D, recently launching a number of new products, including AppStar, InTouch, KnightLite, ReCon, Seeker, the 700 and 800 megahertz versions of XG-25 and a ruggedized tablet computer. We have reduced our capital intensity, with CapEx down about 30% in the first half, allowing us to maintain strong free cash flow. We're deploying capital in a shareholder-friendly way, and we've raised our dividend twice in the last 12 months. Now we've rounded out our leadership team, with a new head of Integrated Network Solutions and a new head of Healthcare. We are making good progress. I'm confident in our strategy, and I'm optimistic about the long-term potential of the company as we address the fiscal challenges we've been anticipating for some time. We have a terrific team, working very hard and executing exceptionally well in a difficult environment. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to now open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Sure. And it's a very good question. You know, INS is composed of a variety of businesses that we're just still in the mode of integrating, and I think we're performing very, very well. CapRock, I'm very, very proud of what they've done. They're growing at very high-single digit rates. The margins are coming up pretty nicely. And I still think we're in the early stages of integration, and I'm very optimistic about the longer-term potential in that business. We talked about the 3 pieces that we compete in: energy, maritime and government, and I think we're very well-positioned in each. We're a market leader in energy, and that's growing nicely. We're growing our share in maritime with the win with Royal Caribbean, and you can imagine that there's more wins that are going to come down the path in that business. And I think we're holding our own, if not gaining a little bit of share on the government side. So longer term, I feel very good about CapRock. To me, that's a sort of a mid- to maybe high-teen margin business, but that's going to take us some time to get there, but boy, I'm pretty optimistic about where we're going in CapRock. The Healthcare business, we performed very, very well on the government side. We've grown dramatically. We acquired Carefx. We're integrating it. We're turning it around. As you know, we lost a lot of money in that business last year. We expect to be profitable in Healthcare in fiscal '13. I think we're making very good progress in that direction. We have reaffirmed today we'll be profitable in Healthcare through the full year, and over time, I see that business growing very nicely. That also could be a mid-teens type of business over time, once we look at how Carefx and the software suite really takes hold in the marketplace. We've got a big event coming up at the end of February, where we're releasing a new version of the software. So I think the back half of our year hinges on that, but I feel pretty good about our prospects longer term in Healthcare. And in INS -- or in IT Services, we've been very well-positioned, strong double-digit margin based on a particular contract we have with the government. As you know, that contract is being rebid. I think we're well-positioned on that contract. It will be awarded probably sometime in the back half of our year. It's really uncertain as to exactly when. But the reality is that business, which has been a double-digit margin business, is going to come down in margin. It will be mid- to high-single digit. We expect that. And based on all of that, we see that the margins in INS continue to improve. You saw today we've narrowed the range to 9% to 10% of margin in that particular business, and that's a double-digit margin business going -- longer term.
William M. Brown: Yes. It's a good series of questions. Let me sort of take it from a high point and then come back to specifically what happened in the quarter, why we adjusted the year for international. As Gary mentioned, we have a pretty robust pipeline in international, $2.4 billion. It's still -- as I said last time, it's in the tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of dollars, over time. We don't see any gigantic one-off opportunities like we saw with Australia, but we see, in series, there are lots of good opportunities in a variety of countries around the world. The Middle East remains, I think, still pretty robust. Iraq remains pretty strong. UAE, Saudi, Jordan all look very good for us over time, as does northern Africa. That's been a pretty good market for us, and I think it remains to be important going forward. Central Asia, the countries in central Asia that we're referring to have very, very strong potential. The political climate continues to improve. Brazil and Mexico were very, very promising, and we're winning orders in Brazil. We feel pretty good about our prospects there. And we won some orders in Europe that we've talked about today and had some releases on very recently. So I think overall, the pipeline looks robust. We feel very good about that. As you recall, Joe, our fiscal '12 was very, very strong in international. We had very strong double-digit orders and revenue growth in international tactical radios. It remains a lumpy business, but we're still feeling pretty good about fiscal '13 and beyond. Now what happened just in the last 30, 60 days in international, as Gary mentioned, we had a pretty large order for $50 million that just moved out. But the FMS process for this particular country is taking a little bit longer than we had thought 30 to 60 days ago. We're seeing the state department and the DOD wanting to spend a bit more time scrutinizing exactly how the FMS funds are being spent within this country. That is different than what's happened in the past, so we're going through a bit of a transition. The orders we booked in Q2 and a little bit in Q3, which totaled $42 million for this particular country; we're well in the process there, with long-term orders that we've been working at for quite some time. The $50 million follows on that. And longer term, we see the opportunity to be something like $400 million. So this a very big opportunity. It's a timing issue. It moved out of the year. It just didn't move out of the opportunity set for Harris Corporation. A couple of other things moved around. We saw some ins and outs in the Middle East. We are seeing, as Iraq converts from an FMS process to commercial terms, it's taking a bit longer than we expected, but no big movers in or out, other than the one I'm referring to as the $50 million. We still feel pretty good about our prospects long term in international, Joe. Thank you.
William M. Brown: Well, you're right. We are seeing most of the headwind in tactical radios. Our Government business remains relatively resilient. It's a longer cycle business. There's pieces of that -- as you saw, we trued up our growth guidance for the year. There's pieces of that are being impacted, but not anywhere near like we're seeing in IT Services and of course, more importantly, in tactical radios. And just stepping back, we've been saying for quite some time that sequestration is not in our guidance. It has always been our biggest risk for the fiscal year. It's been driving a lot of uncertainty for us and for other peers in the defense space. The new guidance that we now give assumes that the continued budget uncertainty and this threat of sequestration that still hangs over our heads is dramatically slowing DOD procurement, and that's going to continue until we see some sort of budget clarity; something that's achieved in our U.S. government. Customers, we see they're clearly acting as if sequestration has been triggered, and we've reflected that changing behavior of our government customers into our guidance. With the difficulty in forecasting, there's still a lot of uncertainty. We've left a pretty wide range of guidance to reflect the uncertainty. We think the bottom end is pretty well covered unless there's very severe, draconian cuts that go beyond what we've heard in the press about sequestration. But as I step back and look at the impact of sequestration on our business, to the extent that sequestration is triggered and the DoD has given some freedom to make surgical cuts, as opposed to peanut butter cuts -- and I think there's been some evolving support in Congress for making that happen, that actually can work to our advantage since the products that we have in our portfolio seem to be pretty well aligned with what we understand to be the stated priorities of the DOD. And that's C4ISR, the network DoD field, special operation. And we think that, that will ultimately work in our favor. So that's basically where we stand today. We're reflecting in our guidance the uncertainty we're experiencing, and we'll come back and revisit that to the extent the situation changes, as it continues to evolve.
William M. Brown: As I said -- look, we think we've been pretty conservative on the bottom end. We've thought very, very long and hard about that. We've looked very hard, in particular, at our tactical radio business. We've got a great team in our tactical radio business. As Gary went through some of the details and shared with you some of the orders that are in the proposal and closure stage, we knew we've got pretty high probability of winning those jobs. We track them very, very aggressively, and I think we've taken a relatively conservative look at what we see to be -- what's happening in the government. But our crystal ball is still as cloudy as anybody else's. So our job here is to drive wins with our government customers, execute flawlessly, adjust our cost structure where it's smart and makes sense and protect ourselves on the bottom end, and that's what we've tried to do. As I said, to the extent that what's evolving in the government over the next 2, 3, 4 months changes from a pretty draconian state that we're seeing today, we'll come back and revisit our guidance. But right now, we think our bottom end pretty well covers the situation.
William M. Brown: Good questions, Noah. Thank you. I think, for the year, we're still expecting our book-to-bill for tactical to be at or higher than 1, and you should take it as reassuring if that may be, because we've dropped our revenue. So we have said it would be about 1 or higher than 1 last time, and we're still at the same position today. The tightening down of our margin range is due to volume. There's no big change on customer behavior or extraordinary pressure on pricing. It's really volume-related, and we work very, very hard to take cost out and still allow to invest aggressively in both Public Safety, as well as in Tactical Communications R&D. And that's a lot of conversation within the management team. It's a lot of conversation with our board. Our board fully, fully supports us investing in this business for the long term, and that's what we're continuing to do. So that's what's the basis of the tightening down at the bottom end of the range on margin.
William M. Brown: Well, the HMS, the Manpack itself, the RFI was out late November. We expect the RFP to come out sometime in the February or March timeframe, although that's still a little bit uncertain, but probably in the next couple of months. We still expect the award sometime in the late spring -- May, June timeframe, and deliveries occurring probably sometime in the spring of 2014, and that's the best that we know today. Again, it's pretty fluid. The budget is being set or reset, and obviously, we have no color on GFY '14 yet. But that's the best intelligence we have today.
William M. Brown: I'm spending a lot more time today, Joe, on our R&D investments and R&D portfolio. As you know, I'm somewhat new to the business and the technology. I've been here for a year and a couple of months. It feels like it's a day, but it's a year and a couple of months. We've got a lot of interesting technology that we work on. As I said before on this call and I think at the investor meeting, we have historically developed our R&D plans segment by segment, but haven't really done an integrated look across the company, and I'm spending a lot more of my time on that. Because I do think there's opportunities as we increase our investments in R&D to make sure we're spending on the right spots and we're just making sure we're leveraging technology across the franchise, as opposed to optimizing it within each individual segment. So I'm spending a lot of time on R&D. I do think that, that's going to be important and essential to the future of our company. Spending a lot of my time on integration activities. We're not through that yet. I think there is more work that we need to do, so I'm spending some time there. And eventually, we're going to come back and talk about how we grow our topline, how we grow our franchise through M&A. We're not there yet. In the environment that we're in today, it's pretty cloudy. It's hard to kind of go to our board and say, "We'd like to buy company X, Y or Z" and be articulate in the financial expectations, just given the cloudy environment. That is going to arrive at some point in time. It will get clearer, and when it does, I think we've got a good balance sheet as we put BCD behind us and Cyber behind it. I think we've got a strong enough balance sheet to start to step out a little bit on M&A. Part of our confidence in being able to do that is developing very, very strong integration skills internally, convincing our board we know how to integrate companies, convincing our shareholders we know how to integrate companies. And once we do that, we'll step out and do some M&A. Not today, but that's going to come over time. So thank you, Joe. It's a good question. Thank you.
William M. Brown: Let me add on that. I think the first half, we were -- Public Safety grew at double-digit rates, and we're guiding on the full year now to be sort of high-single -- mid- to high-single digit rates at PSPC, so that would imply the back half is going to slow down a little bit. You have very good backlog. That backlog is rolling through, and we expect to see more orders coming in the back half. But long term, our confidence in Public Safety remains as it was before. We do see good long-term growth opportunities there, as well as margin expansion.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, let me take most of that and maybe Gary can augment whatever I'm missing. It's -- the recompete I'm talking about is NGEN. It's the recompete for the NMCI contract. We had submitted our bid back in August, early August of 2012, so it's been out there for some time. We expect the award, we've heard, in March, but every indication is that it's going to be sometime after March. It has no impact on our fiscal '13, so there won't be any transition. But through June -- I think our contract with NMCI was extended through September, as I understand it. So we're good through June and probably through September with the current NMCI contract as it stands today. There's -- what the government looked for was 2 bids here. They looked for a transport plus an enterprise bid, and we're in partnership with CSC. As you know, we are the incumbent, working with HP on the transport side. And then a combined -- my understanding is that HP has bid a combined offering. They did not bid it in pieces, transport versus enterprise. My understanding, is we're the only ones that have done that. I'm not sure how aggressively others have come at it. I think it's us with CSC and HP that are in, but there could be others. But it is going to be a pretty aggressive contract, and that's why we know NMCI margins, as they stands today, will come down. And we're optimistic that, I think, we're well positioned, and I think we'll end up winning. The size of it today -- today, NMCI is worth to us, on a fiscal year basis, around $100 million -- between $100 million and $110 million, in that size range. The way we understand it, NGEN could be around $125 million to $150 million a year, so it's a little bit bigger on a per-year basis at that lower margin. So I think, Gary, those are the major points.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, let me take the MNVR. Maybe Gary can take the SRW. On the MNVR, we submitted a proposal for MNVR back in October of last year. Our product is in testing today. We expect an award in the May timeframe. Again, it could shift out a little bit. Our best guess today is a May award. Delivery, we understand to be, again, sometime in early spring of 2014, so around April, May timeframe of 2014. There is -- the initial part of MNVR, we think, is about 2,500 radios. The overall size of the contract will be $140 million, $150 million plus or minus. To the best of our knowledge, we have GD as a competitor in there. We think Northrop with Exelis is in. We think BAE may have something in the fight. We don't know where Raytheon is with MAINGATE. But I actually think we're very, very well positioned on MNVR, and I'm very optimistic that we're going to prevail and win MNVR. And maybe Gary can say a couple of words on SRW.
William M. Brown: And on the Manpack, look, the RFP is not out yet, so -- but I will assure you, we'll have an offering that's going to be very, very competitive. It's going to meet the specification, and we're going to go after that very, very aggressively. So I think I'm pretty confident around what's going to happen with the Manpack. We'll have offering that meets the spec. Thank you.
Gary L. McArthur: It was actually between our RF Communications and Harris IT Services group, as well as between Harris IT Services and our Government Systems group. So a little higher in the quarter, good cooperation between the teams, but nothing specific to take from that as a go-forward look. I think it was just unusually high in the quarter.
Gary L. McArthur: This is Gary, Peter. No, it really hasn't. It's -- we still see some really good opportunities. It's been a lumpy business with regards to orders. And looking at the pipeline, there's San Francisco Mass Transit Authority, there's Chester, PA. There's good opportunity, so it's more related to timing of some of these orders and the lumpiness than less opportunities to go forward.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. In the SRW Appliqué, Chris, there was an RFP out in October. Expectations are: Award kind of any time here in this timeframe, February; looking for a March delivery. Not a big impact to our fiscal year, kind of less than $10 million in the fiscal year from that application.
