Mick Lopez: Thank you much Bill, and good morning to everyone. We have included our typical segment detail and financial highlights in Slides 5 to 8. But instead of reading them in the interest of time I will go directly to Slide 9 for our updated fiscal 2015 outlook. We are increasing our fiscal ’15 earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.95 to $5.05 per share from previous range of $4.75 to $5 per share. Revenue guidance remains unchanged and is expected to decline 1% to 3%. Our guidance doesn’t consider the acquisition being announced today. In RF communications we have narrowed the guidance range, and expect revenue to be flat to down 2%. Within the segment we expect public safety to be weaker offset by higher international tactical. U.S. tactical expectations are unchanged. A bit stronger back half revenue compared to the first half due to the passing of a GFY15 budget and timing of funds flowing down to customers. In Government Communications Systems we now expect revenue to be up 2% to 4% and operating margin in the range of 15% to 15.5% and that’s a little bit better than before. We expect modest sequential revenue growth in the back half. In Integrated Network Solutions, first half revenue was generally in line with expectations. Strength in Commercial CapRock more than offset by program wind downs and IT services, while IT services are showing signs of bottoming we are no longer expecting any pickup in second half revenue and we are assuming that revenue pressure in the CapRock energy market materializes due to the impact of lower oil prices. As a result we now expect fiscal ’15 revenue to be down about 10% and operating margin up about 7%. We are still expecting free cash flow of about 100% of net income and a full year tax rate between 30.5% to 31% which translates into an average tax rate of about 33.8% in the back half, about half of the decrease in tax rate guidance is due to calendar 2014 R&D tax credit and the remainder from other favorable tax items. With that I'll now turn it over back to Bill to comment on the acquisition.
Mick Lopez: Yes, so what I would like to note is that it’s all relative, we were expecting some growth in the back half and now it’s more stable more than anything so it’s growth typically.
Mick Lopez: Yes, absolutely. I think in FY15 we will have refinancing cost which are not included but we will also incur some deal costs, some financing fees, and a little bit of restructuring. Moving on to the cost of funds the way we hope to finance this as alluded beforehand is 30% of equity and 70% of debt we're taking the opportunity to refinance some of our short-term debt and in order to have rapid prepayment about half of our debt is going to be within five years and more than half of that would be term loans that which are very easily prepay. So, the cost of debt for the company will go down as we alluded to about 200 basis points that will be at or about or below 3.5% though.
Mick Lopez: A couple of accounting nuances, first and foremost just based on the latest 10-Q Exelis has about $24 million in intangible amortization per annum and the purchase accounting that will go away so the 130 is that we mentioned before here 130 to 140 is what we will incur. So you have to take into account when you combine both firms. And then also of import in their pension they have a net of converted actuarial loss which with purchase accounting also goes way and you can calculate that. I think the last reported number for that was $2.3 billion as of the end of ’13 and the amortization of that is in the range of around $80 million to $100 million per year.
Mick Lopez: What we're seeing in these businesses as particularly in HITS on a year-to-year basis, they've lost two major -- wind down of two major programs we know about the NMCI and so that is a significant year-on-year. When I look at the revenue for HITS what you'll find is declined in low double-digits but the commercial is continuing to do well. On healthcare it continues to grow year-on-year and all-in-all it's up macro environments right, we're having energy issues, oil prices are affecting that.
Bill Brown: We do see that the business together will start to grow on the top-line probably in fiscal '16 more likely in fiscal '17 or still we sort of put together our plan we're not giving guidance today on fiscal '16 but I think all indications are for top-line growth but frankly when you just look at the free cash generation of our combined companies today, you look at the cash contributions which are more smooth going in the future for Exelis associated with the pension and then the cash return from synergies being generated by year four, we do see ourselves approaching about $1 billion in free cash. And that is also looking at there will be probably some opportunities in capital spending since we do have very complementary businesses, it's very likely we'll have some opportunities to take a hard look at how we each spend capital and look for opportunities as well. So all those pieces together Pete come together to drive us about $1 billion in about four years.
Bill Brown: That's correct, they're synergy cost, investments to capture synergies and again I want to be very clear, those investment costs and the savings on that chart are net of what we would be working with our government customer on. So that is what is accruing to our shareholders.
Bill Brown: Well, I think we on our commercial pricing model or commercial model at Harris is mostly in our RF business and I think when you look at the NVCS business from Exelis it follows a largely the same model, I think on the rest of Exelis it looks more like what we see at GCS which is sort of more typically government type, permanent record type programming. So, I think that's what I think would look very similar from that perspective Pete.
Bill Brown: Yes we should be very clear about that, it really refers to what’s on the left. There are no deal costs that are in the 130 to 150, those are investments that specifically yield a return or savings of synergy.
Bill Brown: I think we are going to maybe sort of use that as an opportunity to communicate a little further down the path to investors on what that happens to be at this point Gautam. They are going to be in our fiscal ’15, we will come back to you and others over the coming weeks with a little bit more shape around what those costs happen to be.
Bill Brown: Yes, well clearly when you take the two combined companies and put them together, we will take a hard look as we have done and I know Dave has done in his portfolios to the strategy and the strategic rationale of holding on to assets. Of course we will have a broader look across our broader portfolio and we will continue to do what we each have one individually on the broader portfolio, that’s not our near-term focus certainly our near-term focus right now is on getting from sign to close, closing the deal, launching integration, making sure of a successful post-merger integration period. And that’s what we are laser focused on at the moment. Clearly there is going to be a realignment of the way we are organized in this transaction and what we've decided to do with the INS headquarters is a relative to what Harris was doing standalone but also relative to what we're preparing ourselves to do in a close. So it's completely along that same direction and that's as far I would comment today on any portfolio shaping.
Bill Brown: Well look I think our defense customers in fact all of our customers are going to be excited about this transaction I think they're very interested in a vibrant stable industrial base, they're interested in enterprises that invest in innovation and technology and we've demonstrated a willingness and ability to do that, they are interested in innovation but affordable innovation and they'll be sharing in the savings associated with the consolidation of these companies. They're stimulating competition in the industrial base and I think we'll be a more competitive franchise. So in my belief all of our customers including our defense customers will be quite excited about the transaction.
Bill Brown: I don’t think we're going to talk about sort of the international business tactical on a standalone basis. But we do see that to be up. Last time we were saying it's up low single-digits it’s probably up a little more than that like mid to high single-digits in that range. As last time we said DOD was going to be down low double-digit, it's about the same sort of -- as I mentioned them before down 10% to 12% so that hasn't changed. PSPC where we thought it was flat is more of down mid single-digit. So hopefully that characterizes a bit more how we see the full year in RF.
Bill Brown: Yes and that is a good question, I mean look overall we’ve been pretty consistent at that margin guidance for the year in RF business 30% to 31%. In the first half we're a little light we're at 29.5% roughly for the first half, came in at around 29 in Q2. In Q2 we had some adverse mix we had a lot of systems business, we had some additional R&D expenses that rolled through in the quarter in Q2. And I have been very-very clear on these calls about our willingness to invest more in our RF business, particularly in tactical radios and you've seen those investments flowing through. And of course in Q2 we had given the volume slightly lower margins in public safety than we had anticipated earlier in the year, the second half is going to get stronger because we will see much stronger product mix coming through the business and we feel very confident that will come in at between 30% and 31% on a full year basis.
Bill Brown: Well, I'm not going to go into specifics on what we found in diligence I think Dave and his team have talked a lot about the strength with the FAA, the maturity of the ADSB program and the confidence that the administrator has placed in ADSB, the commitment to it, the drive and the mandate on equipage by 2020 holding firm on that and we feel good as I think Dave and his team feel about ADSB, it's a great program, they're performing very-very well. I think the FAA is very pleased and it's going to fit very nicely with the things that we do today with the FAA as you know we were on the FTI program we've been on that for 15 to 20 years we have been envy the next-generation voice switch program as well as datacom, so I think the programs that we work on with FAA and the strong reputation we've there with the FAA is going to be augmented by the very strong reputation that Exelis enjoys on ADSB with the FAA as well so I think we feel very good overall with our position there.
