Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. I'm encouraged by our progress as we continue to execute our trusted disruptor strategy. We're investing in targeted capabilities in and outside of the company, and we've had over $1 billion of notable prime awards this month alone. And we're pursuing international expansion as our customers need mission-critical solutions in a rapidly changing threat environment.  We're also encouraged by how budgets are shaping up globally. The threats are evident, and there's growing urgency to support defense spending in the U.S., NATO and elsewhere. This is a stark contrast to a couple of years ago, where budgets were expected to be flat at best.  Our book-to-bill of 1.14x in the quarter supports this shift in the budget environment. At the same time, there are factors outside of our control, such as supply chain, inflation and labor markets tightening that are offsetting and masking our progress as well as the opportunities ahead. Our results, however, highlight that we're working to mitigate these challenges.  Our second quarter results are consistent with prior commentary of a back half weighted year for revenues, margins and cash. Nonetheless, we kept EPS relatively stable year-over-year and our free cash flow stepped back from breakeven last quarter to more than $700 million.  In addition, while we're reiterating our guide, we're now pointing to the low end of the range across the board.  Based on the timing of some key awards, including protest activity and a prolonged supply chain recovery, we decided to take a more measured approach, especially given the macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties that are somewhat unpredictable. So despite the noise, we continue to execute on our strategy.  With that, Rob, let's open the line for questions.
Christopher Kubasik: All right. Thanks, David. I think there were about three questions in there. Let me see if I can get them. Let me start with F-35.  Usually, I give a long answer and list all the components that we're involved with, but it really comes down to the ICP, the integrated core processor.  So today, I think I'm going to give you a shorter answer because we actually completed the safety of flight certification, and the first flight systems were delivered to Lockheed Martin last month. So great news relative to TR3 and meeting that delivery, a little late, but nonetheless, it's progressing.  So our last 15 hardware starts getting delivered later this year, and the whole focus here is to support Lockheed to enable their 2023 aircraft delivery. So feeling much better about the progress the team has made. I know they worked a lot of long nights and weekends to get here. So I appreciate that effort. And your financial numbers remain accurate, based on what we've told you before.  Relative to the strategy, I think it's working. We've talked about this trusted disruptor strategy with more innovation, more prime and more international. So when I look at the innovation, this quarter, we made a small investment in a free space optic company called Minarik.  We've had a handful of investments with Shield through our venture capital. And we continue to spend a fair amount in high R&D to position us for new wins.  The goal to prime more has been great last year with an earlier this year, significant wins in ISR and MUSV, HBTSS. And of course, we've been winning a majority of the share on the radio modernization program.  I mentioned, so far this year, SDA tracking Tranche 1 was a big win. And here in the month of July, we were also awarded CEC, which is a Cooperative Engagement Capability, really a pillar of the JADC2 initiative for the Navy, which I'm quite excited about.  And another program we're priming called EAGL, which is the Expeditionary Advanced Ground Link, again, tied to free space optics. So pretty excited there.  And then internationally, at a high level, we've had mid-single-digit growth the past couple of years. Our book-to-bill has always been over 1.0x. And I think the ability to have these focused countries and put the resources where we think the opportunities are makes a lot of sense.  And just last month, we added Poland and Italy to our focus country program, given the opportunities over in Europe. As far as when we're going to see it. I think it's just a matter of getting the '23 budget. We've been tracking the markups. We're very excited to see that our programs are supported. The opportunities we're chasing are supported.  So whether the base budget or the markup, we're very well positioned, including some of the news coming out of the Senate earlier this week. So we basically need a budget. So I think everybody thinks there'll be a CR. So I'm guessing '23, when the awards are made, we'll start to see industry and L3Harris benefit.
Christopher Kubasik: Right, Rich, let me take Armed Overwatch, and Michelle will talk to you about aviation. So yes, this is a program that goes back into late '19 and early 2020. And we decided to take a clean sheet approach to this program to align with the requirements.  Team has spent a fair amount of money in R&D and capital. We've had lots of demos that have gone well that we think position us in a good place to potentially win this program.  It's for 75 aircraft. It's clearly a couple of billion dollar opportunity here domestically and even more, internationally. There's a lot of need for this type of capability in countries that are fighting terrorism.  We've had discussions with countries in Africa, the Middle East. I think, it is where the initial potential is, whether it's border protection or maritime operations, light strike, ISR, pretty flexible, pretty affordable program.  So we kind of have to wait and see. Hopefully, something comes out in the next week or 2. And I think it's a key one to watch, in my opinion. I know it's important to our company, and it really would validate our strategy and the thesis for the merger because we invested in the innovation.  We started with a clean sheet. It's another opportunity to be a prime integrator, it has international potential. And it also has pull-through of our products, Wescam turrets, radios, weapon carriages and EW capabilities.  So we'll see what happens. I'm pretty excited about it. And maybe with that, we'll go to Michelle.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Peter. Clearly, we have opportunities in Europe. We've talked about some ISR capabilities that we've been -- we've already won in the past, where we continue to add aircraft, and we have a path to get to 8 aircraft for this particular country.  Clearly, with Ukraine, I think we have a core competency and a lot of experience working with the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative, the USAI money, that's always been in the budget. So clearly, the radios, the night vision goggles, even some ISR capabilities, position us well there.  And as I mentioned, we're going to open offices in Europe, the NATO countries. Poland is a big opportunity, where we've submitted a few a few bids, again, with comms, resilient comms, SATCOM, at a high level. That's where I see us making the most progress in the near term and even impacting our 2022 financials favorably and expect it to continue into '23.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. I would say, clearly, relative to our M&A pipeline, we're looking at opportunities all the time, looking for game-changing solutions that are going to help us with our customers.  So yes, we're looking at a handful. We continue to look at M&A on a regular basis. We're also watching the regulatory environment and seeing what could potentially be approved and any potential overlap or antitrust issues.  So I'd say, we have a healthy process. We look at things all the time, and I don't see us in a position to announce anything in the next quarter or 2, but we'll continue to look.  Relative to NSO, we're fully aligned with the U.S. national security leadership on this matter. And I think all the reporting out there made it clear that no deal is going to happen, at least with us. So maybe someone else is talking to them, but not me. So I hope that helps.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Yes. Well, Pete, I don't really get frustrated about much, but this has taken a longer time than anybody wanted. So there's going to be a re-procurement between us and Northrop. We all signed an agreement as to a path forward. So I expect to get into RFP in the next month or 2. We'll update our proposal.  And I would think, in mid-2023, hopefully earlier, 2023, that maybe we'll make a selection and we'll move on. It's really about the capabilities that the Navy needs and the threats that we keep talking about.  And we'll -- we respect the process to allow people to protest, and I think there's been 4 or 5 different judges and reviews and such, but it's progressing. So it was over $100 million of revenue we had in our plan for this year.  So that's kind of given us a little headwind. We'll move it into '23. The team is ready to go. We like our technology. We like our solution, and we'll wait for the Navy to select us again, hopefully.
Christopher Kubasik: I'll just chime in, Noah. At a higher level, the approach we've taken, and we talked to the leadership team, is let's just control the controllables. There's a lot of frustration, I think, out there in the system. And we're kind of taking the approach that -- the last 2 years have clearly been unprecedented, whether it's pandemic, Ukraine, inflation, supply chain, all the stuff we know.  So when we give the guidance for the second half that Michelle laid out, we want to let you know it's kind of hard -- it's harder than it has been in the last several decades to predict the future and the visibility, given the uncertainty and the volatility that changes literally on a daily basis.  There are some days where we get a call from a supplier that they're going to be a week late. And the next day, someone shows up a week early. I mean, it's really very, very dynamic. We're trying to stay calm and relax and control what we can control and mitigate those things that we can't and then communicate to the best of our ability what the upside and the downside is.  The interesting thing is we're just talking about a ballway in all cases. We're not losing things. Sometimes they take longer to get awarded and sometimes they slip, but we're looking forward to the new norm and some of these uncertainties dissipating.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No, that's a great, great question. We started investing in weapons, I think, going back 4 or 5 years. When -- I mentioned we set up the Agile Development Group. This is right in their sweet spot. We have multiple classified opportunities.  This is an air-to-ground tactical missile. I think it's -- when you look at the budget, you look at the threats, you look at our capabilities, I think we're in really good shape here. We've taken a clean sheet approach. And I think that's what's going to be the differentiator.  I mentioned that on Armed Overwatch. I mentioned it here, right? We're not taking an existing capability that's been successful for decades and tweaking it. We're taking a clean sheet approach.  We're investing in our in our Seekers, which I think is unique and has great capabilities. And I'm proud of the team to see us get down selected on this one. There's classified things where we're also getting down selected.  Like anything, it starts out a little slow. I think there's 3 of us. I know there's 3 of us. And sometime in August, we'll get the Gate 2 award. And I think in 2023, early '23, they'll probably down select to 2, and then the fly offs and the fund begin.  So this is clearly a core competency for us. It's a market that I like. And I think it's similar to what I've talked about. It's going to disrupt the market. And I think a lot of people were surprised when they hear L3Harris want a stand-and-attack weapon. And there'll be more of this in the years ahead.
Michelle Turner: Yes. No. You did a nice summary in space in terms of high to mid-single digits in terms of growth. From a Mission Avionics perspective, this is the ramp that we talked about on F-35. So as we head into production, you'll see that come in the second half.  And then also, Chris didn't mention it, but Intel and Cyber, right? Our classified business is continuing to grow as well, and we'll expect to see that ramp in the second half as well.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So just to frame it a little bit in terms of the numbers. To Chris' point, what's the same, right? So coming into the year, we anticipated that we would see a first half impact, particularly within electronic components. We are seeing that play out in terms of our first half results.  Additionally, we also talked about seeing sequential quarter-over-year improvement. We are seeing that from Q4 into Q1, additionally from Q1 into Q2. Albeit it is more modest than what we originally anticipated in our original guide back in January.  So when you look at our guidance update, pointing to the low end of the range, part of that is, to Chris' point, this elongation of the supply chain impacts that we're seeing out of '22 and into 2023.  I'd also highlight the risk mitigations that Chris talked about, in particular in terms of how those are working. We've been talking for 6 months about moving away from sole-source suppliers along with redesigning parts. We're continuing to work those activities. Many of those start to come online in the second half.  And so that is part of where we're getting some of our confidence in terms of the recovery in second half with the results of those actions starting to take effect.
Michelle Turner: Yes. And I would just add to the Armed Overwatch in terms of second half ramp. When you look at our overall ISR business, this is part of our expectations in terms of growth, particularly around these aircraft missionization.  We didn't have those in the first half. So we're chasing 3 to 5 programs here, this is one of them. And so to Chris' point, we're excited about seeing this come online and hearing about a potential win.  Back to the question on the commercial aviation. So we are continuing to see recovery. This will be our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The first half of the year, our overall commercial businesses, which also includes our Public Safety, was up double digits. And we anticipate that, that's going to continue through the end of 2022.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So Doug, so just to your point, in the first half, we did -- consistent with our expectations, we did see our Tactical Communications down low double digits, really driven by the electronic component constraints. As we go into second half, we expect that, that's going to grow in the high double digits. So to your point, we expect that, that starts to ease from a capacity perspective. We've made the investments that Chris talked about and continuing to see the electronic components improve. It's going to be critical for the second half and as we go into 2023.  We do have an elevated backlog, to your point. It's about 1.5 billion. So we have a healthy backlog that we'll be looking at as we go into 2023. And additionally, I'd note to the international question, the international book-to-bill within Tactical Communcations is 1.15 within the quarter. And so this really speaks to the overall conflict environment, Ukraine opportunities that we're seeing.  And we expect that, that will be a benefit for us as we go into 2023, but a lot of these orders are also being considered over a couple of years. And so you should think about it in terms of 2023, 2024 and into 2025.
Michelle Turner: Yes, I'll jump in, and then Chris, you can feel free to complement. So in the second half, to your point, in terms of the drivers, it's really 3 components. One is around supply chain recovery. And so as I noted earlier, we had an assumption that we'd have a pretty healthy hockey stick going into the back half of the year.  As we're seeing the supply chain environment elongate into 2023, we've mitigated that a bit in terms of the change in the guide to the lower end of the range, although we still do have a hockey stick going into the second half.  I will note, though, that as we're sitting here in Q3, we have similar challenges to what we had in Q1 and Q2. And so the risk profile is very consistent to what we delivered on in the first half.  The second is around new program wins. Chris mentioned SDA, along with SPEIR. These are 2 new awards that we've already won. And so the back half, we will be accelerating as those programs come online.  And then the third piece is around our ISR missionization programs. We talked about Armed Overwatch. There are a number of other ISR missionization programs that we are pursuing. We expect those awards to happen within Q3, with a ramp happening in Q4.  And Noah, to your point, between Q3 and Q4, I would say, it's fairly consistent. You're not going to see another hockey stick from Q3 to Q4. So hitting expectations in Q3 is what we're focused on now, with that expected to continue into the fourth quarter.
Michelle Turner: And Noah, just to go back to your question in terms of cash. The expectation for the second half is really split between Q3 and Q4, more like a 30-70 split.
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. So when you look at our first half versus second half, you're absolutely right. Most of our cash generation is in the second half, with a healthy amount of that coming from working capital reduction assumptions.  And so to your point about the inventories, clearly, we are building in anticipation of that second half ramp. And so when you look at our product-based revenues, which is about 25% of our overall portfolio, that is a key driver in terms of our sales uptick within the second half.  The other piece I would note is within our ISR missionization business, to the extent that we are buying aircraft in anticipation of those programs coming online in the second half, that also sits within the inventory.  And so Chris noted several programs that we're pursuing. We anticipate a couple of those happening of the 4 or 5 we're pursuing in the second half. And so that will alleviate the inventory pressures as well to allow us to meet the cash expectations.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So in regards to the question on CR, our guide assumes that there is some level of a CR in the second -- in Q4 of this year.
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. So consistent with what we shared back in our last call, we anticipate about $100 million of gross inflationary impacts within the year. We had about $20 million of that play out within Q2.  And to your point about our overall program mix, about 50% of our portfolio is fixed price. It's about a year in terms of duration. And so we're starting to see some of the inflationary pressures prior to having EPA clauses in our contracts starting to play out here in the second half of the year.  We'll see that into 2023. Where we're focusing on what we can control right now is ensuring a new contracts that we are placing clauses that allow for this inflationary environment. But we anticipate that through the middle of next year to probably Q3, Q4. We'll see some remnants of the impacts of the current economy and the inflationary environment.  Okay. So before ending the call, I want to take a moment to recognize our 47,000 strong L3Harris teammates around the globe. And thank you for remaining focus on creating value for all of our stakeholders, particularly in support of meeting our customers' critical missions.  What you do matters in terms of making the world a safer place. Thanks, everyone, for your time today, and have a great weekend. We look forward to connecting again in the next few months.
