William Brown: Well, we start out with a very good first-half – very good first quarter, because we booked Australia, recall in Q1, so a very strong book-to-bill in Q1, which really led into a good first-half. For the year, as we said last time, we do expect a book-to-bill of greater than 1. And as we see a CR turn into a healthy budget into what we hope to be a very healthy defense spending line in fiscal 2019, my expectation is, we’ll continue to see orders growth beyond 2018 into 2019 and hopefully beyond 2019. So we’re – we’ve got a good start. We’re building some good momentum. We’re seeing lead time in order conversion, opportunity to order about the same. I know, there’s an important effort focused on shortening the acquisition timeline, both in U.S. DoD, as well as in FM – on the FMS side. We haven’t seen anything yet, except for a couple of pretty quick turn investments in readiness that were – for more urgent requirements. But I know, the department is focused on both accelerating DoD purchase, as well as getting FMS contracts done a lot faster than that have been before.
William Brown: Well, certainly, the Middle East was very good. We had anticipated the year to be up probably 40%-ish in the Middle East. It was a little bit stronger in Q2 than we expect that we’re seeing the pipeline velocity in the Middle East a little bit faster than we had expected now which I think is all – is good news, and hopefully, we’ll see that trend continuing into the back-half. So the Middle East has been very strong. Again, keep in mind, it’s coming off of a relatively low base. So that’s going to be pretty good, it’s pretty broad-based. Iraq is very important in the Middle East. Saudi has been a good opportunity. We see good opportunities in Northern Africa as well, and as well as Sub-Saharan. So overall, pretty good trajectory in the Middle East. We will see the Asia Pacific region grow pretty aggressively this year, probably about the same by 40%, principally due to Australia, but also because of some other countries in Southeast Asia. So again, good momentum in in Asia. We’ll see a tick-down this year in Europe. It will be down probably double digits off a record year last year and record second-half in Eastern Europe, and then in Central, in Latin America, as well as Central Asia, will likely be down pretty significantly this year. So overall, international on a revenue basis, we still see it where we did before, flat to down slightly, although the DoD business will be stronger this year.
William Brown: Well, we will see this year as we went up by at the center point $25 million from between $580 million to $900 million, so now we’re guiding at $900 million. Tax reform this year is about $50 million. But because of elongated continuing resolution, some of our revenue will price up to the back-end of the year. What that means is, we might have a little pressure on collection. So which is why we conservatively boosted our free cash guidance to about $900 million. Going into next year with tax reform, we see an incremental $50 million to $75 million of free cash just on tax itself. So that puts us into $950 million to $975 million range with earnings growth and working capital performance. We could see a path to get into a $1 billion in fiscal 2019. And as we think about how we deploy that, overall, we don’t see much of a change to our overall philosophy on capital deployment. We’ll continue to remain balanced and shareholder-friendly and making sure, we maintain a healthy balance sheet. Rahul did mention that, in the near-term, we’re going to increase our share repurchases this year from $150 million to $200 million. We will pay a debt that’s due, it’s about $0.5 billion in April. We’re going to prefund our pension. We anticipate doing that here in our third quarter. We’ll borrow to do that. And as we go into 2019 and beyond, longer-term, not much of a change in our overall priorities. We’ll continue to complete the fund all of the great investments we have internally in R&D and capital spending. We’re going to continue to pay a very good dividend, which we’ve been paying pretty, pretty aggressively over the last decade or more. And any balance that’s remaining on free cash will be deployed to M&A or share buyback. And if you think about the numbers, we’ll be generating probably a couple of billion dollars between 2018 and 2019 gives a lot of firepower for both share buyback, as well as potential M&A.
William Brown: Well, I think – yes, Jon, the difference with Harris is that, over the last five or six years, we have invested in capital in the company. If you go back six years, we were over $300 million, a share of $1.30. So a lot of the investments that we’ve made were to upgrade our infrastructure, upgrade our capacity. We’ve got a relatively brand new tactical radio facility up in Rochester, it’s running at 60% or so utilization. So we don’t have any internal capacity constraints relative to satisfying the increasing demand. But what we have done is, step up over the last five or six years in R&D and we’re doing that again internal investments in R&D. Harris spends more than in term – on a relative basis relative to revenue than anyone on our segment or taking it even further, we’ve been running at about 5% of revenue, and this year, we’ll take it up to 5.2%, 5.3%. So we continue to invest very heavily in both R&D and over a period of time in capital spending. Our capital this year of $130 is about 2.2% of revenue, we feel pretty good about that.
William Brown: We do see quarterly revenue increasing in the back-half. We see continued strong growth in DoD. We had a very good start, very good orders here in the second quarter, again, a lot of it driven by readiness, quick turn orders. As we look into the back-half, we see continued strong double-digit growth. We were guiding to be up mid-teens last quarter. We’re now moving to be up in the low 20s on tactical revenue DoD, and that feels, feels a good pretty good spot to be. And we probably have overall for tactical more than half of our second-half that’s currently in backlog flowing out in backlog in the back-half. But keep in mind, on the international side, we’ve got a few orders in there that are longer duration like Australia, it’ll be rolling out over the next couple of three years. We’ll see part of that moving in the back-half. So we will see growth in the back-half in the international on a sequential basis. Year-over-year, it will be down a little bit, because we’re coming off a pretty strong compare last year with good performance in Eastern Europe. I think, overall, that’s how I see us tracking over the back-end of this year.
William Brown: Yes, we don’t see a peak – we’re not at a peak by any stretch on the tactical business. I think, we’re in my view, certainly on the DoD side, we’re at the front-end of what we hope to be a steep curve that’s coming. And based on just what we see happening in modernization, both in the Army, DoD, eventually in the Marine Corps out of couple of years. If you look at the five-year budget and that by the way has not been changing very much. You’ll see a good ramp in DoD. We expect to capture a piece – a good chunk of that. On the F-35, we’re still in a low-rate production, and we’re on 11 and 12 and we’re still ramping up. So we think that that’s going to continue to grow over the next couple of years.
William Brown: And we’re probably – certainly, on the common component side, the stuff that goes in the aircraft, we’re probably on the front end on the release systems. We’re probably on the back-end, we’re at lot 11. So there’s – they come in different pieces and ramp at different rates. But I would say, on the common components, we’ll probably hit that a little bit faster than we’ll be on the release systems.
William Brown: Look, we’ve been investing pretty aggressively in our tactical business over the last number of years, and that probably is about 35% of our IRAD spend. So that’s – that has remained high and will continue to remain high and it would be fully funded, it’s very, very good return. But where we’re stepping up is in Electronic Systems, as well as in the space and Intel segment. In both segments, they were a little bit below tactical and they’re coming up quite dramatically over the last couple of years. And it’s going to be an area in like open systems Avionics. So we have opportunities to change out Avionics from newer platforms, as well as next-gen platforms in Avionics. We’re developing software-defined electronic warfare systems, both for legacy platforms, but also perhaps onboarding on to the newer generation aircraft. We’re investing in robotics. We won a pretty good size contract for EOD in the UK. And we think that it’s good opportunities to grow robotics beyond the UK into other international markets maybe even into the U.S. DoD over time as well. And then on the space side, we’ve been penetrating the market for small satellites and hosted payloads. We’ve been winning some awards in a classified community and we’re going to continue to invest to win in those areas. These are very, very clear trends that we’re seeing and we’re investing ahead of the curve.
William Brown: Well, it’s really across the business. When I look at what’s happening in Electronic Systems, we’ve got a very strong pipeline to upgrade, for example, international F-16s for EW systems. We’ve got opportunities to continue to grow our business in air traffic management. We’ve got opportunities on the Avionics side. And on the space side, there’s tremendous opportunities in growing in the classified community. The budgets on the classified side are growing mid single digits in the areas where we have been competing, they’re slightly better than that. We have found a good way to penetrate that and be competitive and we’re seeing a lot of opportunities start to enter our pipeline on the classified side. So it’s pretty broad-based across the company when I look at it. And of course, we’ve got good opportunities sitting in the tactical side. The tactical pipelines are running around $2.5 billion on the international side, about $1 billion, $4 billion $5.1 billion on the DoD side. So, look, Sheila, it’s really across the company, where we see good strength in the pipeline.
William Brown: Yes, it’s still working through – it’s still working its way through Army acquisition, and it would be for a couple of BCTs. In my understanding is, it could be in the range of about 3,000 units. We don’t price that, but it will be about 3,000 units. And we do expect that it’ll be split basically 50-50 between us and the other player in the IDIQ in that range. Again, it’s still working its way through Army acquisition. So we’ll know more as that decision is made.
William Brown: No, we think that this is – yes, we think it’s going to grow from there. When you look at just where the 2018 budget is at $355 million, up from, I think, it was only $275 million or so last year. So the budgets for HMS includes the rifle and our own on-and-off swing. So I would expect that revenue will ramp in 2019 on the manpack and continue to grow thereafter as really at the front-end of the sort of the recapitalization and the modernization of the tactical radio franchise within the army.
William Brown: I think that, what you don’t see is what the army builds into those cost estimates. Sometimes it’s just the radio, plus accessories, plus army program management costs could be vehicular adaptors, it could be a variety of things. So it’s not a pure number, Gautam. And so I would take it with some grain of caution.
William Brown: Yes, we’re sitting today at about – roughly about $2.2 million per ship set. We have a number of pieces. One is the release system, so the bomb release or charge release systems for the F-35. We have a variety of common components, meaning, they’re common across the three different variants, liquid cool racks and power supplies. We do the antenna as well. And we very recently within the last year, one of the electronic unit for the Panoramic Cockpit Display, that was about $320 million, that’s a front-end of its development. So that will onboard probably several years from now. And then we won about a year ago or within the last year, the aircraft memory system upgrade with a contract valued about $140 million. So overall, we’re running 2.2, but we do see opportunities to drive that up if we’re successful in winning the open system mission computer, which will be down selected again to a final winner, one of the three down selected companies today. But the final one probably to the next couple of years. So we’re pretty hopeful about additional content on the F-31.
William Brown: Well, I think, look, M&A is part of what we want to do longer-term. I think, we’ve – we did a good job at buying Exelis at a good part in the cycle – good point in the cycle and we integrated well. We paid down debt. We paid down our pension obligation. We’re going to be at probably 85% funded. So we’ve done a very good job, I believe, in integration and managing our balance sheet. Now we’re generating very strong cash. The working capital turns have improved pretty dramatically both for Harris, as well as for legacy. Exelis, and you’re seeing that come through in our free cash guidance. As we get into next year, we’ll have a little bit of debt to pay down. It depends upon the length of time we borrow to fund the pension, but it does leave quite a bit of capacity for buybacks, for M&A. And the way I look at it is, we’ll evaluate things very, very carefully. The prices are relatively high, and we don’t need to buy anything to be scale. We think we’re scale in a place we want to be. We like the position we happen to have, but we’ll continue to evaluate opportunities to bolt-on or add to the company in the key franchise that we’re in today. Other than that, I don’t think we have much more to say.
William Brown: Well, I think, we’ll wait until we see where the 2019 budget actually drops and what the fight that looks like to say if we’re going to change any perspective for long-term growth in Communications, I saw the same reports about the 2019 budget. But again, until it actually drops, we don’t know the size of it and maybe –and even more importantly, the mix across different programs. But your point about what’s driving communications tactical radio revenue, certainly, last year, it was a lot around investments in Eastern Europe in Comms to help drive the interoperability across NATO forces and with U.S. forces, and that was a big part of the surge we saw last year in Eastern Europe, and it continues at a pretty good pace even this year. And when you step back and look at some of the investments that the DoD is making now today in radios and maybe even some of the hesitancy in going forward, is really rethinking exactly what kind of radio Comms they want? What sort of waveforms they need? What’s the bandwidth? Are they anti-jam? Are they at low probability of interception and detection? They’re changing their thinking about it and it spills from not just communication, but also to the Electronic Warfare business and as a fundamental driver for why we’re seeing increased investment and growth outlook in Electronic Warfare. It’s all around how do our forces and our partner forces compete in places like Europe, given the Russian threat. So that is the backdrop for a lot of the trends that we’ve seen in the business. And frankly, a lot of the investment that we’re talking about that we’ve made and are making now in our business to enhance our communications and spectrum warfare capabilities and drive opportunities here to communicate broadly, convey information, but to have then anti-jam, so they hop very quickly, as well as the LPI/LPD. So long answer, Pete. But that that’s really the backdrop for what’s happening driving an important trend across all of our Comms and EW businesses.
William Brown: It’s about the same as last quarter. We’re working very closely with the army as they rethink what they want the structure of the network, the architecture of the network to look like. It was a good result that they’ve separated the upper tactical network, meaning, WIN-T from the lower tactical, meaning, the radios and they are moving forward with the radio purchases. We do have components on the upper tactical WIN-T system. We have the radio, the high band networking radio. We have the waveform, which is HNW. We have a new version of the waveform that’s sitting out there now in the repository. I do believe that no matter what they do on the upper tactical network. There’s a role for Harris to play, in fact, I think, it may be increasing as opposed to decreasing. The radio we’ve developed and the waveform that’s been developed, gives you a much faster rate of transmission. There’s more nodes. It’s a more mobile system, solving a lot of the issues that the army has had with WIN-T. So, Pete, on balance, I think, we’re probably as good if not better position on WIN-T now than we were before.
William Brown: This is one that we’ve looked at for sometime and we continue to look at it, and I don’t have much to say in terms of when that procurement will likely come through. It’s been talked about for the last, at least, a couple of years that I’ve heard about it. So we’ll stay back, we’ll look at it and evaluate. We participate directly or with another party in the space as we’ve done before on a prior opportunity on that platform.
William Brown: I think, the requirements are likely to get changed a little bit over time, Seth. To be honest with you, I think, the fundamental hardware of the radio won’t change. But the beauty of these radios is that, they are software-defined. Their features, their functionality could be changed and upgraded over time with software downloads. And we’ve seen that happen on the 117G. We’ll see the same thing happen on our version of the manpack. So the capabilities will change over time. What we have demonstrated and our competitor in the space have demonstrated through the customer tests is basic functionality of the radio and the waveforms. And what they’re now testing are some of the deferred threshold requirements like the ability for the radio to use the MUOS waveform, a very complicated waveform. Now we perfected that in putting it into the 117G. I don’t expect that to be a problem and how it works in the manpack. So they’re just going to test on the deferred threshold requirements is what – it’s what’s happening right now. But I do believe over time, these requirements will continue to shift as the threat environment shifts.
William Brown: Well, look, we’re an important player in the space side and we were very closely with our Air Force colleagues. We have very good relationships there. And I think, frankly, since we bought Exelis and expanded our capabilities there, and by the way, improved dramatically our performance on GPS, I think, our relationships there, our credibility has improved. We’ve got a very, very strong team in Colorado Springs. It’s a pretty broad-based set of capabilities, both on the unclassified as well as a classified domain. And I think it’s – I think, we’re well positioned. If they consider moving and creating a separate space for us, the way I look at this is, if you want to make improvements and really drive something like improvements on our space infrastructure, space architecture, separating that and making it a sole function of a part of the Air Force or separate from the Air Force could only be – drive good benefits, because that will drive more investment in the area, and I think, we would see some of the results of that. So I think, if anything that would be a positive for Harris over time.
William Brown: Well, we do provide the, what we call, the IDECM system for F-18 that’s both for U.S. as well as international variants of the F-18. And we’ve been receiving some pretty healthy orders very recently on F-18s for U.S. Navy and Australia and we do see opportunities to continue to grow that. On the F-16, it will go through the FMS process. There’s probably, I don’t know eight or 10 different countries around the world that use F-16s, and we are the legacy EW provider on international F-16s, not domestic ones. So we do see quite a long tail of opportunities to well over $0.5 billion to upgrade international F-16s.
William Brown: Yes, it’s come off a pretty long decline going back, I don’t know five or seven years with the wind down of some of the wars. And I think, we last year hit a bottom in fiscal 2017, we’re down, I don’t know 10% or so in fiscal 2017. But we’ve seen through 2017 and now into 2018 very, very strong orders, good book-to-bill, backlog is coming up. In the first-half, we’re up double-digit, Q2 was strong. We’ll be up double-digit for the year. A lot of it is, I mean, there are some new technologies that are being played, a lot of it’s refresh and resets of tubes and goggles for the DoD, as well as international partners. And there are some new technology investments that we have made around making, that will continue to see some, I think, good traction in the marketplace. But I think, a lot of it is refresh upgrades of existing goggles.
William Brown: And even as we fill up the factory today, if we do it a limit, there’s things that we do in the factory that we can always find – we can always outsource to effectively increase capacity in the building. So we don’t have any constraints that we see in the near-term or the medium-term.
William Brown: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call this morning. And please do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any additional questions. Have a great day.
Rahul Ghai: Sorry, this is Rahul. So just generally, we’re little bit ahead of Lockheed, because we’re, as Bill mentioned, we’re in LRIP 11 on the release systems and 12 on the Avionics. So we’re generally, we’re ahead of the normal ramp up curve.
Rahul Ghai: Good morning, Sheila. So I think the margin, we feel good about remaining in the range that we have that we’ve guided to this year. The couple of things that will kind of move around. As the volume ramps up, there will be incremental benefit from drop, too, just given the tactical margins being higher than the segment margins. But also the mix is skewing a little bit towards more program business like that in Australia. And also the fact is, the DoD modernization is going to come in lower, at least, in the initial stages than the margins that we currently have. So you put that all that together between volume benefit and some mix shift and lower margin DoD business relative to where we are right now in the initial phases, we feel good about where we are right now. I think, that’s where we expect, at least, 2019 to be.
Rahul Ghai: Gautam, we’re not expecting with the prefunding that Bill just mentioned, the $300 million that we’re thinking of doing in Q3. We don’t expect any pension contributions now through 2025. So that we’ll prefund the pension for the next several years.
Rahul Ghai: And where we are seeing growth of the – part of the reason why we are seeing growth is, because we improved our operational performance. So our throughput is higher and we’ve been able to take the costs lower. When we bought Exelis, we couldn’t ship the product for about a year, because you don’t do that. I think, it was under short notice. We’ve been working very hard to resolve some of the operational issues, and that’s helped us win a very large share, both domestically and some of the international opportunities, that’s starting to grow.
Rahul Ghai: Well, it depends on how quickly the volume ramps up and the DoD – the modernization kicks in, that’s what’s going to determine. I think, the point that Bill made earlier was the fact that, as even with incremental DoD volume, we don’t see a need to make a capital investment in the facility. And we – business is still off at peak. I mean, I think we did the $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion going back a few years. So we still have ways to go before we reach 100% capacity utilization there.
