Bill Brown: Yeah, I don’t think, Gautam, we can comment on anything that's happened since the close of the quarter at this point. We will release publicly whatever we believe should be issued in a press release as they get awarded to us, we will continue to do that through the second quarter. I would say we felt pretty good about the start to the year in international and we were very pleased with the revenue and order growth coming off a very very strong fiscal ’14. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Gautam, I'm encouraged by the pipeline replenishing itself to you’re seeing 2.5 billion and it’s pretty constant over the last number of quarters, it almost looks like a manufactured number. In fact, there is real opportunities, they’re moving through the pipeline and the fact that we’ve been booking so healthily, including in Q1, I am pretty encouraged by that. And I would say also in terms of the quality of the opportunities as they’re moving through the pipeline feels pretty good.  On the domestic side, we knew the first half was going to be a bit challenging. We talked about that in the last quarter. We knew we’d have a slow start. We did see some opportunities that we had hoped to book in Q1, slipped a little bit to the right. The fact is we’re operating under a CR. We expect that will get resolved towards the end of the calendar year and a budget happening sometime early in next calendar year as something that happened this past year. So I think once that happens, I think money will start to flow once there is more certainty on funding lines. So we do expect the back half in the DoD tactical business to be a bit better than the front half. But I think it's what I can comment on in terms of the order trajectory as we see it today, Gautam.
Bill Brown: Yes, there is no change to that. We still see the year down low single digits. We still see the DoD part down the low double digits in the 10% to 12% range, and again we start out Q1 a weaker than that, so it does imply a little bit better performance in the back half. We do see international up low single-digits and again we start out a little stronger than that. So perhaps a strength there might offset a little bit of softness in DoD but overall tactical for the year we still see it being down low single digits.
Bill Brown: Nothing has changed at this point. We’re still guiding towards $200 million for the year. We tend not to communicate too much on a quarterly pattern here. Last year we did start off the year as well with a pretty healthy buyback in the first quarter. We ended up doing more in the year. This year we did $100 million in Q1 and still guide to $200 million for the year.
Bill Brown: Well, I think I would say that Mick and I weren’t too particularly happy with our start on free cash flow. As you point out, we typically have done better in the first half of the year. Our first half is always a little weak and Q1 is always a weaker part of the first half. But we were down quite a bit versus last year. We’re not pleased with the results. It wasn’t in any particular segment, it was really across the segments and it wasn’t so much capital. Capital was up a little bit in the quarter as we knew it would be. It was really coming off of working capital. We know we booked a couple of orders a little later in the quarter than we thought, so that didn’t get collected and we built a little bit of inventory and we are going live this quarter on a ERP system in RF in Rochester and we want to make sure we’re protected for that.  So there is a bit of inventory there but we’re going to hit a 100% in net income for the year, we’re guiding to it. I am confident on our ability to get there. We know what we need to do and it will correct itself through the year. 
Bill Brown: Well, we’re not going to guide to Q2. I mean we’re going to stick to the guidance for the year. What I did say earlier, in fact, is consistent with what we said on the last call, was that the second half was going to be bit better than the first half. And I think a lot of this is going to do with -- have to do with some budget certainty which we see happening. We did see the tactical backlog come up sequentially a little bit a couple percent and that’s encouraging for us. We do see typically 60% to 70% of our backlog turned in the year. We do see up to 75% of new orders that we book in the year to convert to revenue within the year. That's spot on to what we did in fiscal ‘14 and we see fiscal ‘15 playing out pretty much the same way. 
Bill Brown: Well, we wouldn’t talk about anything in particular on M&A but I would say that there's nothing in the marketplace where Harris right now is changing our strategy. We remain committed as the board does to returning capital to owners in an efficient way. We continue to fund internal priority and that's our number one requirement. We've paid a nice dividend, you probably saw we raised it again 12% in the month of August. We’ve got a very strong track record of double-digit increases going back a decade 23% CAGR was pretty pretty healthy. And it has been up by about 19%, 20% the last three years. We’ve been I think pretty good in returning cash in terms of buyback as well, and as my comment to Gautam indicated, we still have 200 for the year, 100 million in Q1. We come out of the gates a little soft on free cash flow but I'm sure we will hit on a percent of net income in the full-year. So nothing has really changed at this point, that's notable to report to our owners.
Bill Brown: Yes, it is incrementally a little bit softer than we had hoped. We thought the market would accelerate towards the back end of calendar ‘14 and at least through our calendar ’13, so our first quarter, we didn't see that happening. As I mentioned last time, there is a combination of both the market being soft and continued to be soft, I think we’re in a bit of the trough between the narrow banding, rebanding rolloff and LTE somewhere off in the horizon and the market is getting a bit more competitive. And we’ve got some internal execution issues that we’re working through. We've put in place a new management team. We’re working hard on our sales force. We’re making a lot of improvements to our product offering. We are working on some of the nagging quality issues we have seen over the last couple of years in our business that the team is really focused on. And we get almost daily reports on how we are improving on the quality side. So it’s really the combination of those two things.  And in order to hit – so we start off the year, fiscal year a little bit softer than we had hoped. We’re still guiding to flat for the full-year but that does put a bit of scratch in the back half. 
Bill Brown: I think it's accurate, Carter. I think the challenge we had in INS in Q1 was almost as we had expected and guided to. So the segment as a whole came in as we had thought it would. IT services and the rest of the government part of INS was soft. We did see the rolloff of two significant contracts in the IT services business. One was NMCI that Mick had mentioned, the other is the NETCENTS products business which we decided to not sell under anymore because we didn't think it added any value to our owners. That's about two-thirds of the impact in IT services and the other third was about – it was really around the market softness in IT services.  We did continue to see some erosion on the government side of CapRock, you know, that business was down about 24%, 25% last year. It was pretty soft as well in Q1 and that was not quite offset by as we mentioned some growth in the commercial side of CapRock which was very good both in maritime and energy as well as in the commercial side of healthcare. So it didn’t offset the decline from the government side but it did mute them a little bit. 
Bill Brown: It's too early to call but yes, we did see GCS a little bit better than what we were guiding to for the year. We knew that was going to end up happening and we knew the margins were going to be strong. We knew we had a couple of space programs that are more product related that are going to wind down after Q1. So we don’t really see that repeating in Q2 but we’re very very pleased with where GCS has been in a market that's really very very challenging, to come out with 12% growth top line and pretty strong orders is very impressive accomplishment of the team. And like I said on the INS side, yeah, it’s a little bit soft, not as we expected the softness in the first quarter but today we don't see any change in the guidance for the full-year for GCS or INS.
Bill Brown: Well, look, we certainly see the business to be – continue to be challenging in our fiscal ’15, it’s where we’re guiding to be down, another 10% to 12% from being down north of 20% last year. And so we know there’s going to be more pressure in the budgets in fiscal ’15. However they are constituted in and get approved in December January timeframe. But look, we see the budgets bottoming. We may not be at the bottom or certainly near it, we do know that with a modestly better budget environment we do see budgets starting to recover and support for modernization happening in fiscal ’16. So we do see that getting better over the next year or two. It's hard to say that this is exactly the inflection point but I think we’re bumping along the bottom.  I think the demand is there, it’s driven by a number of factors. Certainly Army modernization is important. I am glad to see it’s still a priority, the opportunity over the next decade is multimillions of dollars, could be $5 billion. We do know that some of the delays in HMS do create some fill the gaps that we hope we can find a way to plug. I'm very pleased that SOCOM has come out with their STC program, the modernization program that was come out as an RFP in October and the rest to follow, that's a half a billion dollar program, we’re well-positioned there. We do know that there are some reset opportunities that are OEM funded because there is a lot of inventory of radios and they need to be upgraded and reset. There is some urgent needs requirements. There's a lot of conflict in the world, that perhaps there are some urgent needs that are happening. I am finding a lot more attention paid to Mules [ph] and frankly a little more concern around SATCOM access, and SATCOM reliability which is partly why we’re seeing a little more interest in a wideband radio, wideband HF radio.  So to me there's a number of things that could cause the business to get better over time. I do see that when the markets do come back, when the funding is there, the investments that we've made and they are significant ones, are going to position us to be successful. So long way of saying, Pete, I think we’re sort of bouncing along the bottom and recoveries can depend upon what happens in the overall budget environment. 
Bill Brown: Well, I think we’re very very well positioned and it started a couple of years ago when we won the Arianne hosted payload for the [Arianne radium] set of satellites that they’re going to launch I think some time next year. And that put us in the leadership position and we were able to augment that win with a number of other payloads on that platform. And I would say today we are the market leader on hosted payloads and I think we’re well-positioned. We've got a facility set up in Palm Bay under GCS. We’ve got a lot of years of experience in doing this sort of work, and the us winning a piece like many others on this hosted payloads solutions contract is very encouraging to us. We’re looking at six or seven different opportunities that are live, under that particular contract. And I think we’re going to – I think we’re going to be very well positioned over time. I do think that this is a longer-term trend, this has to do a lot with what people call this disaggregation of space where very large multibillion dollar single-purpose satellites will likely over time get disaggregated into smaller pieces, that could be more responsive, launched faster, be more nimble than waiting for a decade to have a very large exquisite multibillion dollar satellite launch. I think the needs of our military and IC community, and the technology progress is such that it’s to me that's the direction that this whole market is going to go. It doesn't mean that there won't be a demand for exquisite technology, I just think that there is a lot of opportunity for finding hosted solutions on ready to be launched commercial platforms. 
Bill Brown: Well the latest we’ve heard is the rifleman RFP should be out in the next couple of months by the end of the year and probably the Manpack perhaps early in calendar ’15 like in the January timeframe. I am sort of – that’s good [ph] to call in the ball, on this one, Chris, to be honest with you. That’s the latest we are hearing from the PEO and so I am repeating that to you but it does feel like it is getting lots -- it's right around the corner. There has been a lot of discussion, RFI discussion on both the rifleman and the Manpack going back and forth. And it certainly does feel like we’re getting a lot closer to the RFPs being issued. So that's the perspective as we speak today, Chris. 
Bill Brown: No, I wouldn’t say there's anything that we’re finding particularly troubling. I think the RFIs on the Manpack really go back to what happened in NIE 14.2 where the program of record perhaps did meet the expectations of the Army, this followed with this memo from General McMaster who at the time was the commanding general of the Army Maneuver Center of Excellence, like in the June timeframe he was pretty critical of the program. And I think what the Army has done has gone back and reassessed their needs, their requirements and the RFIs that we've responded to are more along the lines of addressing some of the concerns on size, weight, power, range, heat, that General McMaster pointed out and it's asking questions relative to what sort of improvements would you be able to make over what period of time in the Manpack. I think it's you being used to inform the Army as to what might be a special requirement and what might be an objective requirement.  I find it all to be honest with you very very encouraging for Harris, because what they're looking at is how will these product be improved over the near-term to do those things that General McMaster wants to see happen -- take weight out of it, make it more nimble, improve the range, reduce the power draw, improve battery life. Those are some of the things that we do every single day going back over a decade and we continue to make improvements on our radio. We think today even our Manpack is very very well positioned. I made a few comments on that in my prepared remarks. I think our radio is well-positioned. We've got great ideas to do some additional things, bring additional value, like this additional slot that the team just put into the Manpack radio of that lot capability should the warfighter need that additional capability for ISR or SATCOM access, that’s pretty interesting and unique, and it’s gotten the services kind of interested and excited about that. So that's the progress that’s happening right now. So I do believe when the RFPs, when they come out over the next couple of months, I think we’re going to be very well-positioned. I am extraordinarily encouraged that we have three orders outside of the Army are ready and we are delivering in this quarter and I think that really to me is a testament to the fact that we’re ready to compete for the Army program. 
Bill Brown: Now the international pipeline has remained about $2.5 billion for the last several quarters, it’s very very good, very strong. And as I mentioned in some of my remarks, I think the quality of pipeline is good if not coming up a little bit. It hasn't changed in its size over the last couple of quarters despite really really good bookings here, Chris. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, no change to what I mentioned on the last call. We have a long history with the NGA as a key geospatial imagery supplier and that broad set of suppliers is narrowing itself down to today – to really being two and we won two of three regions around the world. As I mentioned one of the regions was protested, it was denied. So we have 2 of 3 regions around the world for the NGA. Task orders are starting to be issued against those contracts, and as I mentioned last we expect the value of that business for us, for Harris Corporation, to roughly double in size from where we were. And we were in that $30 million to $50 million range, maybe $50 million, we think that that's going to double over time. 
Bill Brown: We haven’t seen that, I think it's too soon to say and I think it’s pretty consistent with the commentary that I am reading across all the other players in the energy segment. At $80 a barrel whatever it is today, 80, 81, something like that, it hasn't hit that level which causes people to rethink capital investments. Should it fall another $10, $15 I mean maybe something is going to change. I think it’s going to end up happening and then impacting some of the big oil and gas players a lot sooner than it will impact us. So we have not seen that.  Remember our model here in CapRock, these rigs are existing, they are very long – the new ones are long-term build, you got to get positioned on them very very early on. We tend to own the equipment, we lease it back to the operator of the rig. So should oil prices remain deeply depressed for a multiyear basis would there be an impact on the business? It's possible but it won’t read through to us for some time. 
Bill Brown: Yeah it’s a little bit too soon to talk about Smart Sky for us, we do think it's an interesting opportunity for us for developing some good technology based on GCS for air to ground communications. And it builds on the things that we do at public safety but also in LTE capability we have around the company and it is really being led by GCS. A lot of it has to do with our ability to develop and deliver long-range radios. We do it for the military and this is a slightly different adaptation of that. So nothing to really update today. It's still a work-in-process.
