Howard Lance: Thank you, Gary. As we indicated in our press release this afternoon, we've increased our financial guidance for fiscal 2011 to include the expected contribution from the CapRock Communications acquisition.  Consolidated revenue is now expected to be in a range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 13% to 15% higher than fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition-related costs is now expected to be in a range of $4.60 to $4.70 per share, representing a year-over-year increase of 4% to 6%. Our previous guidance was $4.55 to $4.65 per share.  As a result of recent acquisitions and some of the facility investment Gary discussed, we’re seeing an increase in our non-cash amortization and depreciation expenses. We believe that EBITDA growth, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, has become an important metric to track cash profitability improvement alongside of net income and EPS growth. Non-GAAP EBITDA for fiscal 2011, which excludes acquisition-related costs, is expected to be in a range from $1.18 billion to $1.21 billion, and that represents an increase of 7% to 10% above fiscal 2010 EBITDA of $1.10 billion.  For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is expected to be 7% to 8% higher than fiscal 2010. Segment operating margin for the year is expected to be about 33%.  For the Government Communications Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 22% higher than fiscal 2010. This represents 6% to 8% growth in the existing Government Communications Systems business, and then adds CapRock Communications revenue in a range from $380 million to $390 million for 11 months of fiscal 2011. Segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 11%.  For the Broadcast Communications segment, we continue to expect revenue in a range of $490 million to $510 million with break-even operating results. We expect to see continued operating losses in the first half of the year with profitability improving in the second half of the fiscal year.  Finally, let me say a few words about the seasonality of expected fiscal 2011 earnings. We don't normally provide quarterly earnings guidance, but fiscal 2011 seasonality appears to be very atypical. The quarterly distribution of revenue in the RF Communications segment is expected to be heavily front-end loaded in the first fiscal quarter with shipments for the MRAP and M-ATV programs. First quarter RF segment revenue is expected to be about 30% higher than fiscal 2010 with first quarter segment margins of about 39% as a result of favorable product mix and operating efficiencies. Second quarter revenue is expected to be sequentially lower with sequential increases in the third and fourth quarter. So the combined impact of the front-end loading of the RF segment revenue and its related margins is significant on Harris' consolidated earnings. We expect earnings in the first fiscal quarter to be in a range from $1.20 to $1.25 per share. We expect earnings in the second fiscal quarter to be in a range of $0.95 to $1 per share. With that, I will ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Howard Lance: Related to orders in the RF segment, Jason, certainly our goal and our internal objectives are to achieve a 1.0 book-to-bill for the year. As I indicated, we have a significant pipeline of opportunities, $2 billion in International for Tactical Comms and $1.5 billion in U.S. DoD for Tactical Comms, and then we talked about a $3 billion opportunity pipeline in Public Safety and Professional Comms. So big pipelines and our internal goal is to maintain and achieve the 1.0 book-to-bill. With regard to any specific accretion on the wireless acquisition, I don't have that number at my fingertips. Certainly, it provided accretion in fiscal '10 as a result of favorable financing rates on the acquisition, and the results we delivered for the acquisition were essentially on target for our expectations that we said at the beginning of the year. We're expecting further growth in fiscal '11, as we had previously indicated about 8% to 10% above fiscal ’10, and we're seeing consistent year-over-year margin expansion, ultimately getting up to the goals that Gary and I have talked about previously in the three- to five-year time frame of 15% kind of operating margins and 20% EBITDA margins for the segments. So bottom line is it'll be more accretive than it was in 2010.
Howard Lance: Certainly I can't comment on pricing per se. In terms of the timing, I don't know that I know the precise date. We have started to show kind of what I would call beta copies of the products and started testing those with customers. I would say in the fiscal year, but I don't know a specific date. We'll try and make sure we communicate that going forward, Michael.
Howard Lance: No, I think, Joe, what’s really skewing the whole mix is the urgency for the radios that are going into the MRAP and M-ATV vehicles. If we look at the seasonality for the rest of the business, it looks a lot more traditional, starting lower and then growing during the year. We had prebuilt a lot of these radios as we have been exiting the fourth quarter of fiscal '10 and so we're seeing this huge uptick in shipments in the first quarter of '11. But I think once you see that pass through as we ship those, we’d expect to get back to more traditional kinds of run rates and so on. So I think it's really a function of that and because it's so atypical, we felt it would be helpful and transparent to give overall EPS guidance for the first and second quarter. We normally would not do that. So that's kind of what's behind that portion of my discussion today.
Howard Lance: On the second question, there are ongoing discussions with regard to utilization of the ANW2 standard from Harris. We have certainly offered to make that waveform available under commercial terms, and at this point, I think discussions continue. There's nothing specifically to be announced. To your first question, I'm going to ballpark it, not be precise, but maybe $300 million of shipments under the MRAP and ATV program in our numbers for this fiscal year.
Howard Lance: So initially, we provided first-year target of 8% to 10% EBIT margins, and we indicated over three to five years our goal was to get that to around 15%, which we felt was market competitive. When you factor in the amortization of intangibles, you'd really be at about 20% EBITDA margins. So the acquisition achieved its objectives in the first year, and we’re expecting to grow margins this year. We're losing a little bit of precise visibility on the operating income for the business, because we’re leveraging a lot of the back-office and combined systems. So we have good visibility to revenue and gross margin, but beyond that, you start to allocate cost. So that's why we're not providing any specific numbers in terms of the profitability within the segment, because it would be somewhat subject to those allocations. But certainly, our plans at the gross margin level see continued improvement in '11 over '10, and we're not up to our goal yet certainly so we think there's some continued growth beyond '11 as we talk about margins.
Howard Lance: Hard to say. I don't expect any specific decision, but we certainly know that the DoD is working hard to find ways to cut costs. I think every program is up for review, but I'm not aware of any specific milestone that would drive a go or no-go decision. So nothing specific. Certainly, we're very pleased with how we’re continuing progress, and we have made a lot of strides over the last year, most recently in the deployment of the 117G across what's called capability set 9 and 10 into Afghanistan. The performance of the radios really is speaking for itself in terms of the enabling of real-time broadband communications or wideband communications across the comms networks for the first time, allowing you to have streaming video and other bandwidth-intensive data at the tactical edge in the hands of the war fighter. So I think that the radio’s capability is proving itself real-time on the battlefield, and we think, as a result, it's going to continue to get a lot of attention and the demand for the radios, we think, will continue to grow as well as a result of its performance. There's no better way to prove what it can do than in the kind of tactical battlefield operations that are going on right now.
Howard Lance: Well, Larry, we certainly see it as offering a lot of opportunity. I'm not sure that the adoption rate will be all that material in our fiscal year '11. But I certainly think that we hope to get several important program wins under our belt and start to demonstrate the value of that broadband communications capability in the 700 megahertz area. We also continue to lobby with other companies to get the FCC to designate that Block D of that spectrum for public safety. That's a little bit of a contentious area right now, because as I understand it, to really deploy the most effective LTE 700 megahertz networks, you really need the 20 megahertz band and only half of that has been allocated. The other half they're planning on auctioning, making available to public safety on a so-called emergency basis, which most of us think is a little problematic how you'd actually do that. So we continue to lobby on that basis, but we agree that we think we've got the right partner in Nokia Siemens and are certainly excited. The opportunity to bring the kind of data to the public safety situational awareness field in the way that we have in the military examples could really make a difference in terms of not only officer safety, but effectiveness. So it's an area of real focus especially in the large metropolitan police departments.
Howard Lance: Yes, I don't recall in our plans that it's a huge year-over-year increase from '10, but I think is important as a foundation for growth over the next two to three years, Larry.
Howard Lance: Yes, predominantly in the first quarter. And again, that's what's causing this huge revenue growth in the segment of 30% in Q1 in terms of our expectation.
Howard Lance: Well, you know me, Ted, I would view that as the floor and we certainly would expect to continue to get some contribution as we continue to improve the Public Safety business margins, but also are certainly not of a mind to allow our margins to slip in the core Tactical Communications business any more than they have to because of this product mix. So I think ultimately, that's the floor. Does it come in above that in '11 or '12 or '13? A lot of it has to do with our investment profile. As we've said before, we could meter less investment, deliver more short-term profits but we try and balance that investment relative to the margin and getting the top line growth that we want in terms of continuing to churn out these industry-leading products in the Tactical Comms area and now in the Public Safety area. But bottom line, I would view that as kind of the floor for you to think about going forward, and we certainly are going to work to deliver higher numbers than that.
Howard Lance: Well first of all, in general, kind of around the color of orders, we would expect International orders for the year to probably outpace Domestic orders, but because of the backlog, especially in ATV, we would expect the revenue for Domestic to still outpace International. We feel like we're starting the year strong in terms of backlog, but also in International, I think. Orders probably in the first quarter certainly are going to be very heavy in International, and for the whole year, as I said, I think International orders will probably overcome DoD orders. But we're very encouraged, I must say, that even with all the orders we've gotten on the MRAP, the M-ATV, to have up orders in DoD last year and to have still a very solid pipeline for this year we think is very encouraging.
Howard Lance: I'm sorry, I'm not in the weeds on that particular announcement other than there’s a lot of continued opportunity for us to serve the intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance market, and Applied Signal has worked with us in the past on several programs. I think this is, to some extent, kind of a codification of what we've already been doing together. But beyond that, I don't really have any details.
Howard Lance: Yes, certainly, but it's going to be all about -- as it has been the last couple of years, it's going to be all about orders in aggregate, right, for the year. So we certainly don't expect that we would have, we won't have the same $300 million in revenue in '12 from MRAP and ATV orders, so the question is what's going to fill that hole, and it's going to come from the $3.5 billion pipeline that we have. It's going to be all about winning additional International orders as well as additional DoD orders that are in that pipeline. And that's what's going to maintain, hopefully, the 1.0 book-to-bill that’s our target so that we exit this year with a good strong backlog. What a difference a year makes. Our backlog a year ago compared to our backlog now, it’s quite stronger. We don't need quite this level of backlog to still grow the business but, no question, there is a whole there that has to be filled with other new business. So we certainly agree and understand.
Howard Lance: Yes, Chris, I don't have a lot of visibility into that, I don't think any more than what's been publicly written. There is a commitment to this national broadband plan. How that will actually play itself out and what that might drive in new businesses who put in place terrestrial or satellite-based networks to provide some of this additional broadband capability, I think it remains to be seen. So we will stay tuned and will, next quarter, try and address your question in terms of ways that we might see that evolving and how we might participate in it.
