BillBrown: Yes. So Seth thanks for the question. So between now and 2022 time frame mid single digit plus type of revenue growth that we expect because we're seeing good visibility in the 2021 budget, which we think is going to get passed sometime in the next six months or so. Our programs are very well supported there. A lot of unspent dollars from prior years, good opportunities on revenue synergies, growth opportunities international. So we see the top line continue to improve, margins coming up, we're doing very well in margin progression this year. Jay just talked about some of the upside drivers here in calendar 2020 we see continued momentum on margins over the next couple of years. It's certainly not going to end as we get to 2020. There's going to be opportunities even certainly beyond that. Working capital is a driver, we've made great progress down 13 days since the close to 55. We see getting to about 50 days or below 50 by the time we get calendar 2022. But that way we look at this from a bottom up perspective, Harris was at 41. We can see our ability getting down into those 40-41 days. So even as we had 50 days in 2022 an extra 10 beyond that's about $350 million worth of cash, which has great opportunity to deploy it. In the near term certainly next year or so towards share buyback that will reduce our share count. So overall you put all those pieces together, we continue to see double-digit growth in free cash per share.
BillBrown: Well, I mean I'll start and I'll let maybe Chris jump in here, Rob. So that's -- it's a great question, look, I think part of the reason why almost two years ago now Chris and I contemplating putting the company together was really to build a more scaled mission solutions, priming Chris talked a lot about becoming a sixth prime. When we sit there in fact when we talked about our merger back in October of 2018, we talked about our presence connecting across all domains a CP or ISR powerhouse company mission solutions prime company. And you can see based on the progression we've seen to-date clearly moving in that direction. Certainly as the DoD moves towards connecting all of their platforms, all sensors, all shooters across all domains. I see us be really being in the sweet spot of that. We've won 7 IDIQs on ABMS. There's a lot of players on the team, but I think it's testament to the capability that this organization has overall in spectrum superiority, spectrum dominance across what we do in electronic warfare, waveforms, communications, ISR, all those pieces come together to help realize that vision of where the DoD needs to move to in order to fight the next fight. You can see really across all domains. The progress in space, the progress in unmanned both airborne and maritime. So we're really I think realizing that vision and I think we're a much more resilient organization today we would have been several years ago with a tremendous opportunity to gain share in a market that may flatten or come down over time. So I think we're just a fundamentally different position today we were a number of years ago. I don't know, if you want to add, Chris.
BillBrown: Hey, Carter. It's a great question and it really I'm glad you asked it because I think it's a fundamental part of the value creation story that we have in front of us. We've been talking about this for a couple of years of taking, as Chris just mentioned $700 million worth of IRAD that previously was distributed very deeply and broadly across the company not centrally coordinated, no clear business rationale across the individual investments and through the work that CTO Ross has done here to really get at and categorize where all that money is going. We looked at it; we saw 30% of the projects that were -- didn't have a business case or were overlapping were duplicates. And we've provided two investors some examples of that, so allows us to focus that firepower that's pretty potent on a smaller set of opportunities really around the areas around multi-function, open systems architecture, software-defined everything that really is the heart of what we're trying to do in spectrum superiority, sensing solutions, delivering actionable intelligence. That's where we're really focused and as I think about this that's -- that is going to enable us to continue to invest in these new opportunities that we're seeing coming through in revenue synergies. We've won quite a few here. They're small today in terms of revenue impact. They'll grow over time but the pipeline is large, is getting bigger and really positions us and I think in a fundamentally different way. So when you think about value creation, a potential into the future for a technology company we call L3Harris, this is fundamental to the value creation story.
BillBrown: Yes. So, Noah, look in Q3, we will use the proceeds we received from the sale of SDS to Leidos, was $1 billion we closed that out in Q2. We'll deploy that back to owners as we've always said we would in Q3 we sold an asset and we're buying back an asset, happy to be our stock. As we look to the back end of the year with a $1.3 billion, 3 billion four-ish in free cash generation in the second half. We'll end the year with a pretty strong balance of cash in the [one seven one eight] kind of $1 billion range. So still opportunities beyond that for deployment as we've been talking a lot we see that growing $3 billion by 2022. There's no debt pay down requirements at all, we'll refinance some debt but at 1.7 going to1.5 leverage ratio. We've got, I think a good leverage basis we don't see any significant M&A on the near term horizon. So it gives a lot of opportunity to deploy that upward to $3 billion a year in free cash generation back to owners as we said we would. And that just to remind everybody is after significant investments in development internally hiring people, training people, spending investment on capital driving IRAD at close to 4% as Chris mentioned a couple of minutes ago significant investments inside the company even with that gives us an opportunity to deploy that cash effectively with shareholders.
BillBrown: Yes. So again we won 13, it's in the tens of millions of dollars and it's actually growing it's -- we're seeing good traction there. You'll see it a little bit in the 2020 results will start to grow in 2021, little bit beyond that. The pipeline itself is north of $5 billion and it's growing every time we meet with the team. And it's pretty substantial. The opportunities that we want are in the $1.5 billion to $2 billion of lifetime revenue. So I would expect I don't commit Chris and Jay to something here, so maybe I'll let Chris jump in here but I would expect that it'll be something growing north of $100 million a year, but Chris maybe you could add.
BillBrown: No. There's nothing structurally different about them. They -- what's happening is we're getting into a lot of detail what's driving the working capital to be where it happens to be. And as I mentioned a lot of it is inventory, sometimes inventory is north of 100 days and it's about just prudent management, improving forecasting, improving the performance with suppliers because a lack of confidence in when a supplier is going to deliver a component drives management to increase buffer stock. It's managing better the development of new product so that you're leveraging components that exist across other products. So you reduce sort of both SKUs as well as the parts that go into the SKU. So it's really across all of those fundamental pieces, Chris and I and Jay have a weekly evidence just right next to our integration meeting is the focus on working capital. We've been doing this since day one. We've got dedicated teams focused on this, is driven by the general managers themselves. The teams are incentivized to improve cash. We incentivize and drive working capital. So we expect to make a big achievement in those six businesses but the reality is we have 19 different sectors all of which have opportunities to improve working capital and we're going after every single one of them. That's what gives us confidence of taking the 55 to below 50 and hitting 40 over the next couple of years.
BillBrown: I think the DoD is looking for more competition, more company suppliers that can bring unique mission solutions that can simplify what they're doing bring additional capabilities it’s driven through technology investment. I think what we've proven is the ability to a; invest the technology dollars. And then find ways of delivering new capability from those investments. So I think that's clearly the direction that the DoD happens to be moving into, but I think we have just a great opportunity across our portfolio. We've had from day one, people getting together in classified spaces and open spaces sharing ideas. And when you have a good sense of what the mission need is, and you put technologists in a room. To try to look at what we can do differently. There are just lots of great opportunities that, that come from the capabilities that being brought by this new entity. So, we're still early days. This is only one year and it's moving faster than we had expected. There's been a lot of resonance with the customer as you could see by the winds we've had so far. We've got to follow through; we've got to win some of the down selects, move some of the studies that Chris mentioned here with DARPA into actual programs of record but that happen over time with continued focus and investment. And if anything that the opportunity said is getting bigger than smaller. A lot of it's coming in the classified side as well. I mean keep in mind too in the classified domain a lot of these things are relatively stovepipe and the larger companies have a broader view across multiple different programs. So what we're now doing is getting more visibility across multiple different types of programs, classified programs and we're bringing different mission solutions.
BillBrown: Well, it's sound -- I think we size it in the 40 percentage range of our of our business, it’s O&M funded. I think this year the DoD is under running the spending on O&M, so it does create actually some additional opportunities for O&M dollars and you mentioned exactly right some of that does fund some of the ISR missions that we happen to have here. So we think we're well positioned on that. I don't think it's a major concern as we go into 2021. I don't know Chris or Jay if you have any thought on that but--
BillBrown: So David, look, we're making really good progress on E3 in fact at L3, Chris instituted a program called L365. We had our own program here at Harris HBX the combination of that I think has yielded a process internal process that's been driven deep into the organization. We typically would expect something like 2% to 3% net of inflation, net of giving back to the customer as well of costs coming out and we're seeing E3 in that range over the course of the year is getting a little bit better. I think we would sustain that in 2021 and 2022. So it sizes it a bit. As we get beyond the calendar 2022 time period and integration starts to wind down in terms of that focus process the drive to achieving cost savings will continue. It all merges into what we now call E3. So we do expect to hit $300 million net in 2021. We do see opportunities beyond that some of the -- I think that Chris mentioned a minute ago about facility rationalization. They do take a bit longer. They won't be fully completed in 2021. So we'd see a little bit of step up in beyond 2021 on just this consolidation of the facility. So we can't really size it today as we get further down the path, we'll continue to update investors on this, but as you think about where we've been over the last six months we started out the year guiding to about $115 million net. We went to $165 million now we are at $185 million in an environment that's very uncertain with the COVID pandemic. So we continue to make great progress here, great progress on E3 and all of this is going to drive us north of 18% margins next year with some upside beyond that.
BillBrown: Yes. So, we feel very encouraged by the space business as a whole. Just in the quarter, we had a couple of programs that are transitioning and just the year-over-year comp was particularly difficult in the second quarter last year in 2019 Q2 which as you recall was Q4, the last fiscal quarter of Harris. We had sort of 18%-19% growth in that space segment. So it was quite strong and the comp was kind of difficult just on a year-over-year basis. So, a little bit of impact on just calendarization pretty good book-to-bill in the first half of the year just over one. We were very confident about that business, very strong pipeline of opportunities coming at us in space as we transition from an exquisite provider to end-to-end responsive mission solutions prime, Chris talked about that in his remarks that's both ground -- both space capability and ground support for space capability. The pipeline in those businesses is quite large. It's about $10 billion. We have about a $1 billion of proposals outstanding that are pending awards. So, as we look at this, we expect towards the back end of this year, we'll see some recovery but overall through the technology investments we've had, some of the revenue synergy opportunities that'll come through in the space domain, we feel very good about the opportunities in space. So that space segment also has airborne and airborne has been quite strong for us. That's a lot of the F-35 growth; it's modernization, it's production, it's some sustainment growth there as well. So, we see in our classified part of that space business is growing quite well. So look, we feel very confident about space, it'll come back towards the back end of the year and be a driver getting into 2021.
BillBrown: So, on taxes the impact in 2022 is north of $500 million if the law stays as it is. As you know, others as well as us believe that wasn't necessarily, the intent of the legislation to penalize R&D investment and so that's something obviously we're continuing to work, but just to answer your question specifically. It will be north of $500 million. On pension, if you look at gross pension this year it's about $300 million of benefit; year-over- year it is about $60 million. There's a $100 million in the FAS pension benefit that's offset by about $50 million of lower cash recovery and so net-net you're talking about $50 million - $60 million. Right now, we're not expecting any significant changes in pension benefits next year. If we were to strike it right now would be generally in line with that. I mean a little bit worse obviously on the returns but that gets amortized. So right now we're pretty much holding in line there for what I told you about $300 million FAS and $60 million of cash.
BillBrown: Well, Jon, I'll start and maybe Chris can jump in here. But the way I look at this without commenting on what other players in the space happen to be doing. We're very unique in a sense that we've got this opportunity that can only be created by this significant transformation driven by a merger. It's a seminal event allows us to drive a clean sheet and take a fresh approach about how you drive connectivity, cooperation, collaboration across the enterprise and that's what we talk about when we drive towards an operating company is from a technology perspective making sure all of the pieces are connected across the enterprise. We believe success in the future is going to come from driving our business as operating entities not as disconnected pieces of an [indiscernible] organization like a holding company would have. So, we have an opportunity to drive that as part of the DNA that's being created in the organization that we're building. We're not trying to start from an existing large position, but we've got good momentum that's built here and we feel pretty good about our ability to compete and win based on that particular model. 
BillBrown: And certainly there's not -- we're not beholden to a platform. There's not a loss risk -- risk of loss of revenue from moving from proprietary to open systems. We're building the organization from the start with a focus on open systems architecture, which we believe is an opportunity for us and certainly what we're here to do.  So, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. And I'd like to close by again thanking our employees as well as the leadership team for their hard work, for their dedication as we wrap up our first year as L3Harris. And for continuing meeting customer commitments during these very challenging times. So, thank you to everyone and be safe. Thank you.
ChrisKubasik: Yes, maybe I'll just add a little bit, Rob. We talked a lot about leveraging the scale of the enterprise and I think in this industry scale matters and you look at this new company with close to $700 million of R&D that positions us well for these new markets and NextGen opportunities. So we're starting with the clean sheet. I believe we're pretty agile and responsive. The national defense strategy talks about disaggregation. Bill mentioned autonomy and some of the capabilities we have there fit nicely with these large platforms and then the ability to connect them. And you look at our ability to attract and hire college grads and others, there's a lot of excitement with this new company. People see that we're growing 8% in the government business and I think we're ahead of schedule and going better than I would have expected after 13-months.
ChrisKubasik: And I'll just chime in Carter, I mean; this is what we've been talking about for almost a year and internally and externally. This is about optimizing the enterprise the greater good of L3Harris versus optimizing the divisions and this is part of the transition from more of a holding company to an operating company. And when we look at things holistically from the top down, we're able to prioritize those to get the greater growth and the greater returns. Same process applies to CapEx and everything else that Bill, Jay and I look at on a regular basis. So that's the origin of the 30% that Bill referenced.
ChrisKubasik: Yes, no. I'll sign up to at least $100 million a year and would you say 10 years from now, no, it's as Bill said it's going better than we expected. And we have a very strict definition of what we're calling revenue synergy. These are bids that neither company would have submitted had we not merged together. So we're getting the momentum, a lot of these are the initial wins some from DARPA, some from rapid capability office and then we got a win from four to two to one but we like the momentum. And I would expect that this will contribute to our top line growth for the foreseeable future. And we'll quantify it for you as we start to move up and get some of these wins.
ChrisKubasik: Yes, no, that's a great question, Doug. And I say we made a really good progress in the last 13 months but a lot of the progress we made was a result of starting early even the pre-merger. I'd say we're ahead of schedule on the synergies that we talked about, but everything that we've looked at shows continued margin upside and cost take off opportunities well beyond the initial three-year period. The facility consolidations are ongoing. Those will take the most time as you would expect. I think we've made great progress on the supply chain and that's just something we're going to continue to work on year after year. And also not only on the value capture but improving the resiliency given some of the recent challenges in the COVID environment. So if this were a baseball game we're probably in the second or third inning as I see it holistically. And really hitting the ground running on day one. The benefits and the HR and all those initiatives were done on the first cycle which was pretty impressive. So I think there's a lot more to go and we see this as part of our culture of operating excellence and it's just going to go year after year and I think there's a lot more to go.
ChrisKubasik: I think it's just good diversity and various sources and colors of money. I think is actually strength. So yes I echo what Bill says I think we're in good shape.
ChrisKubasik: I'll just chime in with a 1.19 book-to-bill and IMS specifically. A lot of these as you know start out as more developmental programs and then over the course of the life of the program you get into low rate production and ultimately production of the margins increase. So a little bit of the second half pressure is coming from some of these recent maritime wins which are good margins but dilutive in the near term but we'll ramp up as we continue to deliver on them.
ChrisKubasik: Hey, Robert, I'll just chime in, one of the things that were very exciting about this merger was space and of course pre-merger, you couldn't look at it due to clearances but once we got all the clearances set up. And I got into the program several months back. I got to say I'm even more impressed now than what I thought was suspected that we had. So I think we're in good shape. We just got to continue to win and perform and I think there's some long-term growth here that's going to be pretty impressive.
ChrisKubasik: And I'll just say from the customer perspective. And I will throw out the customers have been great here during the pandemic. I mean Bill and I have had unfettered access to them and there's been a lot of creativity accepting a lot of our products using video and virtual means and inspecting the products. But the customer talks a lot about speed and they have rapid capability offices. They're using OTAs as an example. And I think we've been pretty good in responding and quick turns and winning some of these new business opportunities, several of which are revenue synergies. And again I think the mission systems are becoming more and more important and the customers are looking at maybe procuring those directly from companies like us and there are several initiatives in that regard ABMS and others. So, I think we're well positioned and we can adjust to the customer as they change their buying patterns. And if there's new business models, I think we're more than capable to support that so.
JayMalave: Okay, George. So I'll just go to the quarter and then the year. In the quarter the progress payment benefits were in the range of $100 million. And that was pretty much flowed down through to the suppliers. Separate from that we did have customer payment accelerations that also we benefited from in the quarter, you're in the range of say $150million or so. The flow through of that to the full year is really dependent on what the customers do. If the customers continue to on that type of prepayment schedule on the non-progress payment type of a payment schedule. Then we would see a potential upside in the year if it's, if not and then they go back we'll probably see a snap back and it really would just be pulling into the second quarter. So, it could be upside, we have to kind of just monitor the customer behavior over the back half for the year as far as these accelerated payments. I mean if the progress payments right now we're expecting those will continue but those could shift as well but as I just mentioned that's been basically flowed down to the suppliers.
JayMalave: Sure, Pete. It's really strong synergy drop through over 200 basis points. They do have a benefit of pension running through because that's a predominantly legacy l3 business, but they also had strong productivity E3 productivity dropping through which pretty much offset any mixed headwinds. And a little bit slower on R&D there and as I mentioned we expect R&D to step up in the back half of the year. For the full year, they're just --they're doing well. We originally 13.5%, it does step down as I said for the R&D as well as a little bit of a mix as we induct some aircraft, but bottom line there you're going to see some solid margins around 14.5% for the year.
JayMalave: Yes. A lot of the reprioritization occurred as part of our planning process for the year. We're going to step up around 3.5% to about 3.7% in the back half of the year and what we're talking about is as part of the checkpoint process is really just a process for defining prioritizing those projects. There might be some timing differences here and there and we continue to monitor them as part of that process. But there's not been any type of effort to actually reduce R&D spends as we dealt with some of the headwinds with COVID that's really been more other expense type of discretionary spends items that we've been dealing with. And so our goal has been to hold our R&D and protect the investment and for all the items and revenue synergies that the Bill referenced before.
