William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Gary. Our guidance reflects the environment as we see it today. We're planning cautiously and conservatively, and we continue to focus on the things we control, satisfying customers, driving operational excellence and maximizing free cash flow which can be returned to shareholders. And we're committed to investing in the future in R&D and strategic growth initiatives. We have strong leadership in place and a talented workforce who are committed to delivering against customer expectations and creating shareholder value. And I'd now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, thank you very much for the question. I think given the fact that we don't yet have a U.S. government budget nor a DoD budget nor how that kind of gets down to the line item details for -- that affect the tactical radios, I think what we've done is taking the most prudent assumption we have. Our assumption right now going into next year is that the DoD tactical radio business is going to be down even further, probably in the mid-teens range, offset by the international business, which we see being up mid to high single-digit. So overall, Tactical going into next year, we're seeing to be sort of down low single-digits. And we think that's given the environment that we're in right now today, given what we see in the budgets, we think that that's a prudent and a cautious approach.
William M. Brown: Well, you go across the segments, in GCS, I think we've performed very, very well. And we're sort of at the level of margin that, in fact, above the expectation we had set back in June of last year, so long term margin in GCS in the 13% to 14% range. And we feel the guidance that we have given reflects the programs that we see there and the performance that we've seen in GCS. In RF, what's happening here is, clearly, as we go into next year, we're seeing more international business in DoD. And while we've said in the past international and DoD tend to have somewhat similar ROS trends, we are seeing more systems business coming in fiscal '14 than we've seen in the past, and that's going to dilute the margins a little bit. We [indiscernible] the shift towards the PSPC business and that's going to bring the overall segment margins at least constrained them a little bit going into next year. In INS, what we've done is, I think, we've reflected the fact, that NGEN -- NMCI comes out of the process. We've lost on NGEN, it's under protest at the moment. That was a very, very good margin business in NMCI, so we're reflecting that -- the HITS business, the IT Services business, with the volume decline in NMCI going away, it's going to see pretty substantial margin erosion, something on the order of about 300 basis points in the IT Services business, offset by pretty strong margin growth in both CapRock as well as in Healthcare.
William M. Brown: Well, Yair, thank you very much for the question. I think what we've done in the fourth quarter is some pretty substantial restructuring. If you recall, back in April, we estimated restructuring would be $65 million to $150 million. We came in above the higher end as we found additional opportunities. But I think what we've seen over the course of fiscal '12 and fiscal '13 is we continue to take out costs as the market environment changes and we'll continue to do that going forward into fiscal '14. We have no further plans on the table at the moment, but we continue to look for opportunity to take costs out again to match the revenue environment.
William M. Brown: No. In fact, we've got people who have been in the business a long time and know the customers very, very well. And a lot of this is through conversations with the end customer. And we do it program-by-program, line-by-line, as best as we know it, and we put some judgment on that based on what we see in the political environment and what we see happening in Congress, and we make the best estimate we can. But it really is, on a bottoms up, program-by-program basis, opportunity-by-opportunity. So that's really across both the government business as well as what we do internationally in tactical, as well as what we do with CapRock and Healthcare business. It's really from a bottoms-up perspective.
William M. Brown: Well, this year, international was substantially higher than DoD in that mix in Tactical, and we see that shifting even further going into next year. We saw orders and revenue this year being 7, 8 points higher. Backlog is a bit higher in international ending the year, so we expect the mix to shift even further towards international, modestly into the fiscal '14.
William M. Brown: Well, there's 2 parts to that. And one is the pretty substantial restructuring we did in the fourth quarter, which I think was pretty broad and pretty deep, and they don't tend to repeat very often. And as I mentioned before, we don't have plans on the table to do any further restructuring at this point. Of course, we continue to look for opportunities but there's nothing that's pressing. What I'm spending more of my time on, frankly, is building a culture of operational excellence throughout Harris Corporation. That is a multiyear journey. That's not multi-quarter, it's multiyear. I think we've had a really, really good start in the last 18 months, and we're getting the engine moving well, looking at things we can do on the factory floor, things we could do doing on our field service organization, things we can do in supply chain management, frankly, things we can do in our admin function to make ourselves leaner. Sometimes those activities do lead over time to restructure and many times they don't. And that's really what I'm spending a lot of my time on and where I'm focusing the organization.
William M. Brown: I don't think, Joe, we're going to give guidance across the quarters in terms of margins in a segment -- subsegment of a segment. I think I'm going to stay away from that. But what I would say is we did have unusually strong margins in Tactical in the fourth quarter. It did come from the fact that we had more international sales but, more importantly, it was a lot of product part of international that came with some very full feature products and software upgrades. That drove the margin to be very strong in the fourth quarter. That won't continue into next year. We will see, as you see in the guidance, over the course of the year, margins coming back down to sort of a more normal level for the segment, around 30%, which we laid out last year. And in Tactical, it has a lot to do with the fact that we've just had more systems business coming into next year in international. We get this, but today that's about all we're going to say. But to the balance across the quarters, going into next year, we will see a little lighter first half than second half and probably a lighter Q1 than Q2, only because of just what's happening in our order pattern but also what's happening in Washington. So I think that's all I would say in terms of calendarization, if you will, of our guidance for next year.
William M. Brown: Bill, that's a great question, thank you. First of all, it's still not clear what path the Army and, more importantly, the DoD as a whole, is going to take on the manpack and the Rifleman Radio. We think a multi-vendor award is in the best interest of the government and the war fighter. It drives up competition throughout an IDIQ contract. It incentivizes product innovation, drives performance, drives cost down, and then it get -- not just us but other parties in the industry have that same view. We've seen on similar awarded programs, where if it's a multi-award it tends to drive down costs and drive up innovation and performance over time. So we think it's in the best interest all around to go with a multi-vendor solution. That being said, we don't know what the government is going to do. We expect the RFP to come out over the next couple of months, but that has been moving to the right, so right now, we're still thinking it's in the next 1 or 2 months. Going into fiscal '14, we have very little actual revenue associated with winning or losing either of those 2 products. It's in the tens of millions, it's not very big. But over time, we're going to just keep our head down, keep doing the things that we do to drive innovation. And eventually, if we do not get a position on the first award, make sure that we find a way on to the program over time. I would say outside of the Army, we're very, very strong, as we've always been with SOCOM, Marine Corps, Air Force, Navy, and we do very, very well there. So our business is not just Army and it's not just manpack and Rifleman.
William M. Brown: It's a good question. And we are encouraged by the improving finances generally not -- there's some, obviously, some specific exceptions to that. But generally, improving finances in the state and local area and they're hiring back firefighters and police force, other first responders. For the year in Public Safety, we're up 3.5%. We are very strong in the first half, up 10% to 12%, so a pretty good double-digit revenue growth in the first half. In the back half, we were flat to down. And then fourth quarter, we're down about 5%, 5.5%, 6%, in that range. And as Gary said in his prepared remarks, it does have to do with project delays. It's a sort of a lumpy business at times, and yes, we did see that the orders coming in earlier in the year and revenues are a bit soft. And we did have some slower terminal sales in the fourth quarter. And that's a watch item for us frankly, we got to keep an eye on that, it's an important growth initiative for us going into fiscal '14. But we saw in our largest competitor a fairly similar pattern over the course of the year. If you exclude the benefit they saw from narrowbanding, which we don't participate in because we don't participate in some of the lower end of the market, we saw about 3.5% growth for the full year. So I think we're holding our own, not gaining share, not losing but holding our own. Over time and going into the next year, we expect our business to rebound. We're pushing our team very hard to do that. We expect stronger book-to-bill, stronger growth, stronger orders momentum going into next year, and better margin performance.
William M. Brown: But maybe if I can just offer just a little bit more, as we go into next year, Gautam, I know that our business, our Tactical business hinges more on international. It has been lumpy. Our pipeline, as Gary pointed out, is pretty strong. It's $2.2 billion. We've got $800 million in proposals, in closure, which looks pretty good and still pretty healthy. And the names of the countries that we've described in the past that are in that pipeline remains the same ones. More than half is Middle East and Asia where we know security is an issue, we know that U.S. is pulling back a little bit. We see Iraq in there. We see more opportunities in Saudi Arabia. We see opportunities in Jordan, the U.A.E., Afghanistan, et cetera. And I think we're well positioned in each of those. We see 15%, 20% of that pipeline to be coalition countries that are deploying wideband, Australia, it's Norway, U.K., Canada. We see good opportunities emerging in those markets as they upgrade to wideband radios. And Latin America looks pretty good at this point as well. We're well positioned in Brazil. We've got a great position on this front partnered with Embraer. We see other opportunities in Brazil. We see Mexico getting a bit stronger. And we see other countries, smaller ones, that will start to materialize over the course of fiscal '14. So I'm pretty encouraged by the strength, the -- so where the pipeline happens to be at this point. But as you know, Gautam, the timing of the orders over the course of the year is really, really difficult.
William M. Brown: No. I think we're going to stay away from that. The -- the biggest -- orders tend to be in the tens of millions. Now, we don't see a big Australia coming in. Obviously, the one we took a couple of weeks ago with Saudi Arabia is unusually big. We don't see many more that are of that size. Surprises do happen, but we don't see any of that size on a near-term horizon.
William M. Brown: Yes. Going into next year, we're still looking at about $200 million of share buyback. Our dividend payout ratio, we've been targeting about 30%. And the balance, we will tend to use for paying down debt or returning another way to shareholders, so that's our plan right now.
William M. Brown: It's -- I wouldn't call it a dead horse. It's a very important discussion. But we've got a really, really strong international dealer channel and a really strong international sales force in Tactical, and they know their customers really well. They know the process. They know what it takes to get things approved. They know our competitive landscape. We've gone through the FMS process within the U.S. for international opportunities dozens and dozens and dozens of times. So we understand it very, very well. But that being said, it's just hard to predict the timing of particular orders in a quarter. We feel good about the outlook for the year. We feel good about our 12- to 18-month pipeline. But it's -- we're not going to get pushed into trying to call the ball on a particular quarter with a particular order. It's just going to set us up for failure and we're going to avoid doing that, Pete.
William M. Brown: Well, a couple of things, maybe just a little more color on the INS growth. We're expecting the IT Services business to be down about 10% next year, and that does include the loss of NGEN. So even though we protested, and we feel we've got strong grounds for the protest, I think we thought it was prudent just pull out of our numbers, but that means that some NMCI does continue into fiscal '14, not for the full year effect, but some part of the year, we will continue to see NMCI sales. As we -- at 10% down in IT Services, if I pull out the NMCI piece, the other parts of IT Services will be down about 6%, which is sort of consistent with what we see the budgets being in IT Services for the course of next year. But we're seeing on the NMCI revenue down about 33%, about 1/3 down into next year because it's going to start to wind down and transition to NGEN over the course of the year. On the other 2 parts of INS, CapRock and Healthcare, we see both businesses to be pretty strong next year, both up high single-digits or slightly better. But in total, we see revenue to be flat at the INS segment level.
William M. Brown: I'll have to check with the team, Chris, and get back to you with that. I don't have any real update to share on the certification. I know that we've made major progress as we talked about with WNW, and our maneuver radio, and that's working effectively. But I haven't heard anything specifically about certification from the team that's an issue or a concern with regards to the timing of the awards.
William M. Brown: It is actually, and we're making good progress there. And in fact, we would expect that, that would happen in the first half of our fiscal year, maybe even in the first quarter.
William M. Brown: Absolutely. Yes, absolutely, across the 117G family, it's very much a part of that. It's done very, very well in these NIE testings, it's played a very important role in that as well. And I think the customers are seeing that it is very beneficial to the solution going forward.
Gary L. McArthur: Sure, Joe. Let me take a little bit of that. I don't want to get into the specific percents, but it's clear that the systems business is at a lower margin. And looking at our business outlook for next year, we do see that Systems business almost doubling in the international marketplace. So that will bring down margins overall on those -- as a result of those system sales. That's really the biggest component of the mix that we see within the Tactical Communications business. And you mentioned on the Public Safety side, obviously, as that grows with its lower margin, it will impact the RF margins as well. But we're -- as we said in the past, we're really targeting in at that 30% margin. We're running the business in that kind of range, and we think that's sustainable.
Gary L. McArthur: Gautam, this is Gary. I don't think we're going to get specific as to timing on these orders. We did point out that we have a large amount of orders in that kind of final stages of the process. But as we've said in the past, a timing prediction on these things is very difficult. A lot of things come into play with governments and their funding, and really going to stay away, other than to say what -- echo what Bill said, I think first half, a little lighter probably than the second half on the sell side and, right now, probably Q1 a little lighter than Q2.
Gary L. McArthur: Although we've worked on that all throughout the fourth -- fiscal '13 as well, and so we opened the dialogue with the DoD customer. And we expect it's going to occur in the course of next year, but timing on that -- even calling a timing on that is a bit uncertain.
