Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me close with discussion about fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 guidance. We've updated our financial guidance for fiscal 2011 as follows. Consolidated revenue is now expected to be approximately $5.9 billion, and that's about 13% above fiscal 2010. That compares to our previously expected revenue target of about $6 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is unchanged from our previous guidance, still expected to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, again excluding acquisition-related costs and expenses, are now expected to be in a range from $1.22 billion to $1.24 billion, representing an EBITDA increase of 11% to 13% above fiscal 2010.  For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 guidance is unchanged. I'll just remind you that revenue is expected to be 9% to 10% higher than the prior year, and operating margin for the full year expected to be between 34% and 35%.  For Government Communications Systems, we now expect revenue for 2011 to be flat to 2% higher in fiscal 2010. Previous range was 3% to 5% higher. Segment operating margin is it still expected to be between 12.5% and 13%.  And for the Integrated Network Solutions segment, we now expect revenue in a range of 33% to 35% higher than fiscal 2010, and that compares to our previous range of 36% to 38%. And again, it's due to the government budget impact at Harris IT Services. Organic growth is now expected to be in a range of 4% to 6% over the prior year. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is now expected to be a bit higher at 5% to 7%. Previous margin guidance was in a range of 5% to 6%.  So that's a recap of 2011. Let me now move on to fiscal 2012. You'll recall we initiated guidance for 2012 in March. And today, I'll update that guidance, provide more color around our 3 operating segments.  Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2012 is expected to be between 7% and 10% higher than fiscal 2011, with revenue between $6.3 billion and $6.5 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is still expected to be in a range of $5.10 to $5.20 per diluted share. So no change in our guidance for non-GAAP EPS. And this range represents a year-over-year increase of 5% to 7%.  Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding acquisition-related costs, is expected to be in a range from $1.34 billion to $1.38 billion. That's a strong year-over-year increase in EBITDA of 9% to 12%.  Turning to color around the segments. For RF Communications, fiscal 2012 revenue is expected to be 2% to 4% higher than fiscal 2011. With Tactical Communications business, about flat with the prior year, reflecting lower DoD revenue, as we indicated at the March Analyst Meeting, and, correspondingly, higher International revenue. Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue is also expected to be higher in 2012. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range from 32% to 33%.  For the Government Communications Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2012 to be 3% to 5% higher than fiscal 2011. Segment operating margins are expected to be about 13%. And for our new Integrated Network Solutions segment, we expect revenue in a range of 18% to 20% higher than fiscal 2011, representing organic growth in a range of 9% to 11% compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is expected to be between 6% and 8%. That's about 100 basis points above fiscal 2011 expectations. We expect margins to grow faster in this segment beyond fiscal 2012 when the recent acquisitions have been fully integrated and we receive the full benefits of integration. With that, I will stop. I'll ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Howard Lance: Yes, so the combined impact, we think, is about $100 million in tactical orders. There's no one item. It's a combination of things. Orders that are going through the U.S. FMS process are moving more slowly because of the continuing budget resolution. And then you have situations like in Iraq where we're expecting to get an order from the Ministry of Defense, except they haven't elected the new Minister of Defense who by law has to sign the order. So it's a series of relatively small things, but they add up to about $100 million. We expect to get those orders in the first half of next year. And we're not expecting that any of those will have a material impact on fiscal year '12. We will start the year with a little less backlog but still very adequate backlog and order pipeline to reach the guidance we've provided for the year-over-year, essentially maintaining our revenue with DoD lower as we've been talking now for several quarters, offset by higher International business.
Howard Lance: Yes, just to say, Carter, that if you look at the 8-K where we restated the segments, I think you'll find that the margin has now the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year and that the segment moved between 5% to 7%. So we're very much in the range guidance for the year, and the fourth quarter is going to be about in the same part of that range. And the continued improvement in broadcast is helping us on the positive as well as the contribution from Harris CapRock. And serving to offset a little bit of that is we expect the losses in Cyber to accelerate a little bit as we turn on the Cyber Integrated Solutions facility and business on June 1 and start to take some of the depreciation on the equipment there.
Howard Lance: In this quarter, I think there were maybe $20 million, $30 million of MRAP. So last year, we add $206 million to that.
Howard Lance: Yes, I think there are several continuing milestones. Certainly, the testing that is anticipated this summer that we've spoken about previously is going to be an important milestone. We think we're very well positioned with the only field-deployed, proven, NSA-certified technology. So we think that's a huge lead that we have. Secondly, we've recently seen a request for information kind of out of the JTRS JPEO office, essentially asking for what they call nondevelopmental solutions for the GMR specification. Translated in our view, meaning already developed, commercially developed technologies. Again, we think we're the only ones in a position to really meet the full spec and the time frame that they will want so that we can continue to deploy technologies to the brigade combat teams in Afghanistan and around the world. So I certainly like our position more and more as it relates to the Falcon III technology. And then, finally, remember we're going to be porting the SRW waveform very quickly into the Falcon III handheld, and so we're going to have some amount of networking capability using the SRW networking waveform even in the handheld. And you couple that with the announcement we made on the KnightHawk 3G capability to link battlefield tactical networks to 3G cellular networks, and I just believe we continue to widen the lead that we have. That doesn't mean there won't be competition. Certainly, there'll be competition. But when it comes down to who can really deliver today, I think we're in a very strong position.
Howard Lance: We can talk in the future about the parameters. I don't have all of those numbers in my head. There are literally billions of dollars of procurements expected over a period of years as they deploy the JTRS-based technology in vehicular applications. So it's a big, big market. And I think what's yet to be determined is exactly what the uptake of that will be. I commented in my prepared remarks that there's $10 billion of radios deployed today that basically do one thing: They're single-band, single-mission, noncompatible with JTRS, and there's about another $2.5 billion of radios that are compatible with JTRS but aren't wideband networking. So you have this huge market in DoD that will be upgraded and transformed over time, and it's really just a question of when. We believe that the capabilities that we are providing will accelerate the adoption. When you see what the radios can do, it continually impresses the leadership in DoD, which causes them to become proponents of investing budget dollars in these tactical radio deployments because they lead to more effective missions and ultimately save lives. So those are the best, most positive attributes you can have for your technologies.
Howard Lance: Larry, the answer would be absolutely yes, I think from a wide variety of commercial and government clients. And almost a week doesn't go by that we hear of another cyber -- successful cyber attack or issues related to security, for example taking down one of the Amazon cloud computing sites. So I am more convinced every week that we're exactly in the right place, and we're developing discriminating technology. On the flipside, the adoption of cloud computing is hard to predict and whether -- and what the uptake of orders and turning that into revenue for us, which ultimately would drive profitability is still an estimate. And I think we'll be monitoring very closely our funnel. We'll be monitoring the uptake of new orders. We are off to a good start but have pretty high expectations for '12 and beyond. So we'll pay close attention to that. But overall, I don't believe this is a question of if we will be successful or cloud computing will take off or security and access to what's going on and compliance inside your cloud will be required. I think its more a question of when and what will the actual uptake be with the new market. That's sometimes difficult to peg. But there's no question interest is high, lots of meetings, lots of proposals, and then we'll have to see how those work through the funnel and turn into revenue. We have a pretty high fixed cost in that business. Once we get above that, it's going to leverage profitability very, very well. But we've got to get to that breakeven point first.
Howard Lance: No, we haven't. I think there was maybe a small difference. And neither of them are hugely capital intensive, a little more capital intensive than our traditional businesses at Harris but still relatively low capital. And it has a lot to do with whether the customer rolls into the monthly costs for providing services, the very small aperture antenna terminal or not. And the more they include that, then the more the capital is a little bit higher. Other customers sometimes prefer to pay for that, capitalize it themselves, and then just buy the various services from us. So there is a variety. But I wouldn't expect it to be materially different across those 2 businesses as we put them together. We are still engaged, and you may also be thinking about discussions we've had about kind of the make-or-buy question. CapRock traditionally bought VSATs and Schlumberger GCS, designed and manufactured their own line of VSATs. And so we certainly have that make-or-buy analysis going on to determine which makes the best sense from a cost standpoint as well as from a differentiation and solution standpoint.
Howard Lance: Well, I'm not sure I have a lot of color to give you around it other than it's a $10 million contract. It's providing services to VCE and perhaps to some of the affiliated companies. And it is, we feel, an important first step. It's our second client on board now, and we look forward to being able to hopefully talk about additional ones once we finally open the door here on June 1 and move forward again. To the previous question, there's lots, lots of discussion, lots of interest. And some of this, I think, though is going to take us to open the doors and then be able to show clients through our portal, what's different about our services than that kind of consumer-grade services that you're going to get from an Amazon or a Google, our price point's going to be higher because what we're going to be delivering in security and compliance and control is going to be a lot higher. And so I think while we talk about a lot of that now, to some extent it's brochureware until you're actually operating the center.
Howard Lance: I'm not sure we have a timeline, so this will just be kind of my opinion, Ted. But my opinion is that they already know how the tests are going to run this summer, and they're trying to get ahead of that cycle by starting with the RFI, request for information, and then they'll follow it with an RFP, which will then go to selection. I don't know whether that will be a couple of quarters or longer, but I wouldn't expect it to be much longer than that. And depending on the needs for the next capability set deployments, it might be faster rather than slower. But there is a cycle, as you know. It's RFI or RFP and then award. And I think the fact that they've start the RFI before the tests is a little bit of a leading indicator of how they expect the tests to turn out.
Howard Lance: I think the deployment in total is over maybe 3 years. We'll have a material amount of revenue in fiscal '12 from that program. I don't think there's much in fiscal '11, just a little bit. And to remind you with these programs, I think it's pretty typical, what we will be doing during the initial deployment phases is putting in the systems and the infrastructure along with our partners. That's typically a little lower margin business. And then toward the end of it are the opportunities to sell the terminals, both portable as well as mobile, and much higher margin opportunities. So we'll expect to see pickup in revenue, certainly profitability, but not at the level we'll ultimately get to when we're able to deploy the terminals into the completed system. So at any given time, we've got a large number of these projects at different phases. But given that we took over the business, it wasn't growing all that much. We've had good success in growing it. We still have a lot of programs that are kind of toward the front end of that cycle. I think we talked about that previously as it relates to our margins. So some of the margin uptake in this business that's going to feed into the segment is going to come from the mix of what we're selling. Not necessarily that there's a lot of costs coming out but more that as the mix gets higher for selling terminals or radios, the margins are going to be better than when you're selling a higher percentage of systems.
Howard Lance: Yes, there are. The pipeline is about $3 billion. It's been pretty steady even as we've been winning programs. So that suggests that others are coming in. We see this contrast day to day. They're not hiring a lot of additional police officers or firefighters. So the day to day add-on sales for an additional base station, for more capacity or more radios for more people we're not seeing. That's where budgets are absolutely being constrained because of state and local revenue income. On the other hand, the big projects continue to move along. Many of them are already funded, either funded through federal grants or they're funded through revenue-producing kinds of services or fee-based. In Florida, for example, the statewide network, its income from licenses of various kinds. So there's still a number that are out there. There are still a lot of very old technology, analog technology that needs to be upgraded. There's still a requirement for going to this narrow banding so they can give up frequency for the other uses. And then, finally, you've got the opportunity being offered by the introduction of this LTE fourth generation of broadband technology. And we think we're going to be in a very strong position to integrate, converge networks of LTE 4G for wideband along with our traditional narrowband LMR radio technology. So we're feeling very positive about the market. We wish that the state and local funds were a little clear as it related to the higher margin add-on kind of business. But overall, I think we're very pleased with the progress we've made since we bought the business. Have some new leadership in place. Very pleased with how that is coming along. Very pleased with the strides that we've made in the sales organization, sales leadership, channel partners, having signed up a couple of Motorola dealers. To me, lots of positive signs. It never comes as quickly as we want, but the progress is definitely a there.
Howard Lance: Well, I don't want to be that quite specific from a competitive standpoint. But certainly, we have made investments now of north of $175 million as it relates to all the infrastructure, including customer-facing equipment, maybe even approaching $200 million. So it's fair to say that you've got to get revenue certainly, let's say, well above $50 million to be able to, even at very high gross margins, cover those fixed costs and fixed expenses. Our expectations are higher than that. And as I said earlier on the call, we'll have to see how to takeup is. I think this is a business where we don't want to be too short term in our thinking or we won't invest and we'll miss what is what we expect -- and we're not the experts on this, what everyone in the market expects to be a major transformation in how IT is delivered to users over the next decade. We've got a strong leadership position, some very discriminating technology. And I really don't want us to be penny-wise and pound foolish. I think that will be a mistake for the opportunity to build long-term shareholder value. Having said that, we're going to try and match expenses to revenue as best we can. And we've tried to bake into our guidance for next year expectations as it relates to our Cyber business that we can meet.
Howard Lance: Well, we can't say for sure, but we certainly hope that a portion of that will go not for R&D of a radio that is not going to be competitively priced based on its features but that it will go toward procurement so that we can put more radios in the hands of our war fighters. So certainly, that's what we are promoting, and I think a lot of people are starting to turn that direction. And it's very logical given the performance of the Falcon III radios in the field. So we're certainly very, very optimistic. But until the '12 budgets are approved, everything is still up for negotiation. We are certainly engaged in that to the extent possible and trying to influence a positive outcome for Harris.
Howard Lance: Well, to your second question first, I would love to be able to be more specific country by country. But increasingly, and you're seeing this in our reports, we're not able to divulge the individual countries. Security and deployment of these technologies is becoming more and more of an issue. So I really can't go country by country. I can tell you that it's a well diversified mix of opportunities. It's our traditional tactical radios, it's our new products like the Falcon fighter, the secure personal radio, high-capacity line of sight, high-capacity data radios and a mix of services and systems that we wrap around that. But it's a very good cross-section, and I think real opportunities. You can imagine I'm a skeptic when I see that kind of an increase. And we've scrubbed the pipeline to make sure it's real, and we're very comfortable that it is. To your first point in terms of the FY '11, Gary talked about a little better on the tax rate, and we also raised about 100 basis points, the expectation for the new Integrated Network Solutions return on sales for '11. So that's offsetting the margins associated with the $100 million in revenue in government programs and IT services. We haven't provided that level of detail in '12. We felt we had adequate comfort in the guidance we've provided to maintain the EPS guidance even in the face again of about $100 million lower revenue. So we're still very comfortable in our growth rates and margins for next year. I think '12 is going to turn out to be a good year for us as we go forward.
