William M. Brown: Okay, thanks Mick. So I won't repeat the budget details that all of you already know. But suffice it to say that a two-year deal will be a positive for Harris as well as the industry signaling a long awaited budget bottom in the rise in government spending. Overall, we had a good start to the fiscal year. We're capturing integration savings which will continue to ramp through the year and benefit earnings. And while we continue to expect a soft top-line environment to persist in the second quarter partially due to Exelis' relatively strong prior year-end December quarter results, we're encouraged by the orders rebound in the first quarter. Momentum for U.S. tactical modernization is building and the recent SOCOM award on top of the early awards at Rifleman Radio and the Mid-Tier Radio are a testament to the strength of Harris's commercial model and the positive return on our sustained investments in R&D through the market downturn. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
William M. Brown: No. It's not because of the protest either, but SOCOM is not in there, but it would be an IDIQ. So we would not be booking that in – as a funded order. Basically, the strength, principally, comes from very strong results in our tactical radio business, as I mentioned up 30% and pretty broad-based across both DoD as well as in international side. And we saw very good orders growth in electronic warfare and space superiority in our proprietary business and a couple of other areas. And that's really what drives that big strong orders growth in the quarter.
William M. Brown: Yeah. The international pipeline remains pretty robust and we're very pleased with that. It's about $2.4 billion. The shape moves around a little bit, but not a whole lot, it's been fluctuating between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion over the last number of quarters, but given our very strong orders growth in Q4 – remember, orders are up 73%, book-to-bill was 1.1% which was very, very pleasing to end Q4. We had another strong orders growth in Q1, so the pipeline remains pretty robust at $2.4 billion, and again, it's like the comments I made before in terms of its shape, it's primarily a little more than half Middle East, North Africa, Central Asia, a couple of other areas that we saw very, very good growth. And in fact, the orders growth in the quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, were pretty broad-based across the geographies outside the U.S.
William M. Brown: You're right in those comments, we do think it's more back-half than front half loaded. That's the way we built our plan for the year, so it's not surprising we had – we were a little light in Q1, down 6% organically. We know that bringing Exelis into our business, we showed our numbers on a pro forma basis. They had a fiscal year last year which ended in December, so their fourth quarter was now our second-quarter. They had a pretty strong run at that quarter as a lot of companies do in the last quarter of their fiscal year. So that does give us some year-over-year headwind. And keep in mind we are still under a continuing resolution. There's no appropriations budgets yet. And that still does drive some stickiness in the funding outlays for what is now our second quarter. We do expect given the budget deal and more favorable comparisons to see a recovery in the back half of our fiscal year.
William M. Brown: Yeah. It has been – it's a business that has – it came out of the gates a little soft and we're guiding down 10% to 12% for the full year. Q1 was down 12%. Very pleased that we're protecting the margins, I think we're doing a good job in taking cost out in spite of the pretty weak revenue environment, but Seth, you hit the nail on the head, its two soft markets. One is government IT. That we see down in the mid-teens for the year. Not different than what we talked about last time as both our IT services business as well as the Exelis IT business. Q1 was a bit down worse than that in government IT services. But we do expect that the revenue will be roughly flat sequentially over the balance of the year. The book-to-bill in Q1 was about – was over 1% and we expected to be about 1% for the year. So I think that feels pretty good. Keep in mind in IT services, we have a couple of unique dimensions happening here. One, Exelis lost the space launch range system contract prior to the acquisition, happened just over a year ago. And that's rolling through the numbers and that's about $85 million. And there's a couple of other programs that we are transitioning out of at Harris, specifically the NMCI contract and a pretty large VA program that ended last year. So there's a couple of different things, dynamics that are happening that are relatively unique in that government IT market for us. We are refocusing on the intelligence community. We think that there's an opportunity to differentiate ourselves in that space. Some of those awards are moving a little bit to the right. But I think that's going to start to see some stability through the balance of the year, as at least in terms of sequential growth. The other one that has an impact in the quarter is, as you suggested, is in the CapRock energy business. We expected that to be weak in the year. It's going to be down on a full-year basis sort of mid-teens in Q1. It was a little bit worse than that. We know that oil is still relatively weak. We saw the results from a lot of the oil service companies and majors over the last quarter. Rig count remains pretty weak. It's down about 40% year-over-year. And some of the oil majors and service companies are announcing more restructurings and CapEx cut. So, we do see continued pressure in that business. We're watching it very, very carefully. We think we've calibrated our year. But again, the market is pretty volatile at this point and we keep watching it. The piece in that, in Critical Networks is relatively stable and we feel good about it and that's on the FAA side. We've got a good portfolio of businesses with the FAA. It's pretty broad-based. And we feel very good about our position in the funding pattern for the FAA programs within Critical Networks. So, Seth, when you put all of these pieces together, a long-winded way of saying it, that's where the Critical Networks is down about 10% or 12% in the year.
William M. Brown: Well, we don't typically see seasonal strength in Q1, it moves based on things going on in the businesses quarter-to-quarter. But I would say we do expect to see synergy savings ramping over the balance of the year. I mentioned in my comments, we had $11 million in Q1. Sheldon talked about $70 million to $75 million in the full year. So, of course, that is – it's going to happen in the bulk of that – that's yet to come and not in our numbers. So you will see some strength coming in the numbers simply because of integration savings which are booked within the segments. The other side is, we're pushing very very hard on our legacy operational excellence, Harris Business Excellence program and we do see opportunities that continue to protect margins in each of the segments, because of that. So three of the segments, very strong margin expansion, one that we feel pretty good about holding margins in spite of a pretty significant revenue downturn. So I think from Harris, good control in our cost structure so far.
William M. Brown: Well, on the first one on the manpack, its bids are in, so it's still in the source selection process. So I really don't have insight into who else has been coming to the table more than what has been rumored in the press. As I mentioned in prior comments, the Army does expect tuition award could be as early as December. We're thinking more it's early next calendar year, depends upon who comes to the table. They are expecting to issue up to three IDIQ awardees and that's what we see at this point. We do know that it's going to be a very large $12 billion plus ceiling value IDIQ and I think we're very, very well-positioned for that. So I feel very good about where we happen to be on the manpack and not much more to say at this point given the status of that opportunity. Relative to Bowman or MORPHEUS, I think that could be a pretty interesting opportunity for us. Exelis is an important player there as Harris has been. So we together are more a formidable player in the UK. We have been working with other partners in the UK. That's going to be shaking itself out over the next several years, not several quarters. So I really don't want to say too much more about how we might position ourselves for success in the UK. But Steven, Dana Mehnert who now is Head of our Global Business Development group and built tactical radios to what we do today is leading our global BD organization and I can assure you, he is focused on the UK.
William M. Brown: It's really hard to put a number on it outside of what's in a PBR, Gautam, to be honest with you. I'd be speculating and, boy, I hate to do that on these kinds of calls, so I won't. As we said before, MNVR last year was sort of $8 million to $10 million, $12 million in revenue. This year it will be a little more – twice that, $20 million to $25 million. We see that could grow to $40 million to $45 million. Again, it depends upon what the Army wants to do and how they are going to field the radio in their BCT structure and also it's a lot of the dynamics that come into play. We do know that between the Rifleman and the manpack that we've been told could be a procurement up to about $0.5 billion. If you look at the PBR, that's what it says. We don't have any more insights relative to the total market opportunity for us. What our job is to do is to put forth our most aggressive approach of fantastic technologically advanced and innovative products and we're 100% sure of that business, whatever it happens to be and that's what we're focused on.
William M. Brown: Well, Rifleman won't be any revenue in this year or next. It will start to ramp in – at the end of fiscal 2017 is when the Rifleman will start to ramp. It's probably the second half of our fiscal 2017 and it will become a little bit more meaningful in fiscal 2018.
William M. Brown: We see a modest reduction in cash contributions go into next fiscal year, fiscal 2017 sort of in the $170 million range. But we do see the 2019, 2020 period down could be quite less than that, so in the fiscal 2019. So when you sort of think about three years out, fiscal 2018 hitting $1 billion, hitting that $1 billion of free cash flow target three years out does not include really any reductions in pension contribution, it really happens beyond that horizon.
William M. Brown: There are certain markets and you hit on a couple that are quite large in a longer-term pipeline and we do see our position in Australia strong. There is a procurement on the horizon, it goes out beyond 18 months that is quite substantial and we're in the midst of that, but it's not in that 12-month to 18-month pipeline. It really is pretty broad-based. It's across a lot of different markets, through the Middle East, through North Africa into Central Asia. It was very, very good to see FMS funding through OCO accounts continuing to bolster what's happening in Iraq through the Train and Equip Funds, through ERI, which flowed through into some opportunities in the Baltics. We saw some good opportunities surface in Latin America this past quarter and are still in our pipeline. So, Gautam, it is pretty broad-based. There's not any big substantial orders that are in our 12-month to 18-month horizon that I'd want to single out. Beyond that, there is some big opportunities in markets like in Saudi as well as in Australia, but nothing as gigantic in the next 18 months.
William M. Brown: Chris, hey, thanks for the question, Chris. And I'll take the first and maybe turn to Sheldon on the second and he can elaborate a little bit. The downturn in the space payload really is more legacy Harris than legacy Exelis. Remember a couple of years ago we booked an opportunity with Aireon for putting hosted payload on an Iridium NEXT constellation. That work has been through the pipeline. We're delivering vehicles. We're pretty far down the path of recognizing revenue and opportunity. And that's started to move back off. So that's more on the legacy Harris than legacy Exelis perspective. Let me turn it to Sheldon maybe to give a couple of comments on outlook for space imaging.
William M. Brown: Well, certainly, this year it's going to be pretty solid, and it's going to be a driver of growth in 2016 over 2015. It remains to be seen what happens beyond 2016, but right now we feel pretty good about the opportunity we saw come through the Department of State and that's going to drive growth this year, Chris.
William M. Brown: Well, look the two-year deal is pretty encouraging to us. It's encouraging to the rest of the industry. It's going to eliminate some of the overhang of uncertainty and all that's, I think, good news. I think you know the budget like we do. DoD is up 5% fiscal 2016, maybe another 2% in 2017. So that's pretty good. We were very pleased with the size of the OCO accounts, because some of the funding that we use for international comes out of OCO accounts like ITEF and ERI and a couple of Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, other things that will help us definitely in 2016 and going forward into 2017. But look, it's a deal. There is no appropriations bills yet. That needs to flow itself out and that will happen between now and hopefully December 11. But judging by what was in the NDAA that was unfortunately vetoed by the President, but it's going to flow back through, I think a lot of the Harris programs seem to be well supported both in the tactical, normal tactical line as well as in other things that affect Harris Corporation. So I do think that the budget deal and the certainty and the level of funding is going to be good news for Harris both short cycle and medium cycle opportunities as well as rest of the industry. So I think net-net it's good news.
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to do that today. I'm sorry. I gave the comments on where we saw some strength and I gave some comments on where we saw a little bit of weakness. But I think we'll stay at that relatively high level of color at this point.
William M. Brown: Look, I won't give color so deep into the businesses at that level, but I would say that on the night vision side, five years ago, it was quite big based on what was happening in the wars. It's come down. It is starting to bottom out and flatten out and we are doing, I think, an outstanding job in our Roanoke facility to improve quality and meet delivery schedules with the Army, regain credibility with – I think we're doing a very, very good job. And I do see stability in that business. As Sheldon mentioned in his remarks, on the Exelis side, there is a very large installed base as SINCGARS radio in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And in fact, there are lots of countries that have standardized on SINCGARS and they'll continue to buy that. So we do expect to see growth opportunities in SINCGARS, and hopefully, we can leverage more of the existing Harris channels to open up some new opportunities that hadn't been there before. So I wouldn't give any more color than that. There has been some downturns in that night vision comm systems business. But we feel pretty good about the prospects going forward.
William M. Brown: Yeah. We do see price pressure all the time in our international business, because it's very competitive and that has been the case and it's one we continued to deal with through a lot of cost reductions and bringing technology. We sell our product in dollars and that does cause some headwinds with non-U.S. providers, some competitive pressure. But we respond aggressively to that. On the other commodity side, which is on the oil side, we have seen some stretch outs in a couple of markets. We talked about this last time that remains the case today in Iraq and in Saudi where we have seen some stretch out in some of the opportunities, that's factored in our pipeline, it's factored in our guidance for the year. We do know that in Saudi, they have prioritized investments for their military for – to combat the border strife with Yemen, but again those things have already factored into our guidance.
William M. Brown: Well, it's a good question, Seth and that's certainly what we aspire to do every year – is to build our backlog. So that certainly would be our goal for the year as we see where we are at today. But you are right, we had a good start to the year. 1.24 book-to-bill is pretty good, the backlog coming up is pretty good. I was very pleased Seth as you could imagine with the growth in the tactical business and increasing in tactical backlog and I think if that holds through the year, I think we'll be in great shape.
William M. Brown: Well, Steven, we continue to take a very dispassionate view, so thanks for remembering that. We have said that as we're now an $8 billion company with a broader set of businesses we have an opportunity for some portfolio shaping. We're really taking a hard look at that. We're looking at across all of the different businesses. You threw a couple of names out there which we're obviously not going to comment on any specific plans today. We're not ready to do that. But it's something we continue to look at. And as we have things to announce or discuss with investors we'll be certain to do that.
Miguel A. Lopez: Yeah. Thank you very much. I think as we've said, there have been multiple actions taken in the past from – in 2011 freezing the new hires and lump sums liabilities given out. And we actually froze the benefits in the end of 2016. So moving forward, we see that we're trying to address the asset side and the liability side. On the liabilities, we are considering some cash balance for the actives, perhaps some lump sum for some of the term vested employees to take advantage of the IRS rulings and insofar as moving forward to matching our assets to the obligations longevity. So we will derisk through defined glidepaths and with specific trigger points.
Miguel A. Lopez: Yeah. Look, our tax rate is as we said is going to be about 34% for the year. First quarter was a slight lower. The timing of the cash taxes depends from quarter-to-quarter, but I think for the year it will be slightly lower than 44%. We have some credits from last year.
Miguel A. Lopez: No. We do expect to make up for what we knew was going to be some snapback that happened in Q1, you recall in our Q4 release, we had some "overdrive" on AP on payables and we said about half that was going to snap into Q1, it did. But we're focused on improving working capital over the course of this year. That's an important driver for our free cash flow guidance that we've given to investors.
Miguel A. Lopez: Yes. There is about 47,000 participants in that pension and insofar as the number of employees, it's about almost 50-50. But the majority because of the activeness of the retirees is mostly defense-related. And I think we mentioned that last year the CAS recoverability for Exelis was about $129 million. We expect that to be a little bit higher in FY 2016.
Miguel A. Lopez: They are going to be fairly constant, as you all know a lot of it depends on your expected return on assets on your discount rates. Looking out at year is, I would say going to be very, very constant not large changes. We've actually done some sensitivity analysis for what happens if the market gyrates up or down and it's not that significant change. It does materially impact you in the further out years and that's way we like to keep our guidance to current year.
