William M. Brown: Gautam, thank you for the questions, and let me address the first one out of the gates. We're taking a fresh look in the environment that we're in across all of our businesses with a special focus on cash, on cost, some of the structural cost. Some of the structural cost reductions will come through some investment, which we'll know over the coming months. We'll give you some insights as we go through the quarter if there's anything that’s notable that needs to be released, or at our third quarter call later in the year. But to comment on what's in or out of the portfolio, we're taking a fresh look at all the pieces, and that includes all the business that we happen to be in today. On the side of on cash deployment, we don't have any acquisitions that are on the near-term horizon, but clearly, acquisitions will play an important role in our longer-term growth strategy. Whether it happens to be 3 to 5 years out, still remains to be seen. We're trying to figure out just what we're going to do to deliver the balance of the year and the guidance that Gary and I have given you today. In the near term, we do have some debt that we will pay down. It's mostly short-term commercial paper. And we'll be very prudent how we deploy the rest of the cash towards share buyback and dividends, and we'll have more to say about that in the coming months. I don’t know if, Gary, if you have anything you want to add to that.
William M. Brown: On your second question, Carter, it relates to the first one as well, and that's our degree of comfort in the guidance for the year and sort of the look that we've had in the last 90 days. Revenue has tightened down a little bit, and that's because of the pace that the orders have come in. We're now at about $6 billion for the year. And Gary described where that's coming from and the sources of that. We were at $510 million to $530 million on EPS guidance for the year. We're still in that same range. Obviously, the slowdown in RF and INS does have an impact on our guidance. That was about $0.16 or so since the last time we released earnings. We have a bit of a pickup in GCS, in the Government business, about $0.05. That business is performing well. Growth has been pretty solid. We had extraordinarily good margin in the quarter, and we think it's going to be very good margins for the year. And as Gary just pointed out, we are picking up about $0.06 to $0.07 in nonoperating income in the year that was not necessarily factored in prior guidance. We also are looking at what we're doing in taking out some expenses across the company, particularly at the corporate office and headquarter expenses and eliminations. That was about $0.03. So net-net, we've seen some reduction in the RF and the INS business, but it's offset by some other components, and we think we'll deliver in the $510 million to $530 million range for the year.
William M. Brown: I'm aware of the targets that were described a year ago. And frankly, Noah, in the last 90 days and certainly over the next 6 months, we're going to be focused pretty aggressively on delivering against the guidance we've given you today. We'll have more to say at the third quarter release about FY '13. We'll have an investor conference in early June. We'll talk a little bit with a little more color on FY '13, but right now, my focus is delivering FY '12 and the guidance we've given you today.
William M. Brown: I'd rather not comment on where we might be 2, 3 years out in any particular business. The only comment I would make is the one thing that we have seen we're describing to you today is the progress that we thought we'd make in the Cyber business is not materializing as we had first thought. But again, any commentary beyond where we are in FY '12, I think, is going to be beyond this call today.
William M. Brown: We have initiated conversations with the U.S. government around granting government purpose rights for ANW2, and those conversations, those discussions are still ongoing.
William M. Brown: What we've heard anecdotally and then through various sources that we performed very, very well in the NIEs, and we have been invited back to the April NIE and any specific stand that you want to offer on any takeaways...
William M. Brown: Thank you, Joe. A number of components there. Let me start with Cyber for the year. In Q1, we lost about $10 million. We were on a run rate for the year between $30 million and $40 million of losses, is the expected losses on the Cyber business. I think as you know, we've mentioned before, we’ve invested in the Harrisonburg facility just under $200 million. Of course, we're looking at all available options internally to find what we can do to best maximize the value of that asset that we have. But we've made no determination as to what we're going to do at the disposition of it at this point. And as I mentioned earlier, as we make decisions, we'll certainly communicate with investors as to what we decide to do. But about $200 million was the total investment.
William M. Brown: I mean, I would say the guidance that we've given you today through the balance of FY '12 is consistent with whatever we've heard and seen at both the FY '12 and some previews on the FY '13 budget as well. And there are some things that we've seen in the FY '13 look that work in our favor. The emphasis on Special Forces happens to be one, and we do know there's some things that might give us a little bit of pressure, and that's the declining troop, 100,000 both in the Army and the Navy. But beyond FY '12 and our guidance for today, we're still trying to sort through, waiting to see specific line item detail coming out of the budgets.
William M. Brown: Well, we haven't made any decisions to set up any other manufacturing facilities outside of what's been announced to date. As you know, we've made large investment in Rochester to upgrade our facilities to move from 3 factories into 1, which I've seen. It’s truly a world-class, state-of-the-art facility that we're very, very proud of. And outside of this newest line in Brazil, we don't have any other plans to establish anything beyond that.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, I'll just add a couple of comments, Gautam. We're very comfortable with a debt to total capital in the mid-40s to as much as 50% range. Right now, we have every expectation that with paying down commercial paper, as Bill mentioned, we'll be back in the mid-40s by year end. And we haven't ruled out additional share buyback or increasing our dividend. We've been targeting a dividend of about a 20% payout ratio. That's yielding about a 2%, 2.8% yield currently. We're totally comfortable in that 20% to 25% payout ratio range, and so we'll be looking at that going forward as well.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, I'll go ahead and take the first one. Bill, jump in. With regards to better margins at both RF Communications and Integrated Network Solutions, part of that at RF Communications, as we talked about, is continuing to control costs, lowering manufacturing expense for the products, and we have put in place a real initiative across the company to maintain costs in the back half, which are going to benefit RF as well as Integrated Network Solutions. With regards to Government Communications Systems, they're just doing a great job of performing. The award fees are very high, and we're seeing really good results throughout that business. And then with the nonoperating income, as we talked about, picking up in the back half, that will help as well. So overall, we're very comfortable with the guidance and feel good about what we've done.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, not much more than what I said. Obviously, we did see that if you took out the $80 million of MRAP revenue that was in last year that we didn't benefit from this year, the business did grow, and it was basically the decline in U.S. was offset more than that with the growth in the international business. So we saw a really good growth international. We saw a little bit of a decline in the U.S. market, which was offset by international. And again, if you take out the MRAP, it was good growth overall for the Tactical Communications segment.
Gary L. McArthur: I think that's fair. As we mentioned, we have lots of IDIQ contracts coming up, that we have lots of opportunities. Overall, the business is always lumpy on orders. We didn't have an outstanding second quarter. We had a very strong first quarter, and we have expectations for good third and fourth quarters in the year.
Gary L. McArthur: Okay. And going to Government Systems Communications, let me just talk about the 14.9% was obviously outstanding operating margins for the quarter. Several things impacting that. Award fees, as we said, have been outstanding across the business. We have been -- if you remember, in commercial reflectors in years past, we had some big write-offs in that area. We learned from that. We are the best in the world at building some of the largest reflectors, and margins in that business, it’s a fixed-price business have been excellent, and we've seen a lot of opportunity in space reflectors in the commercial and on the government side. So that business is contributing very well. We also have our wireless products group and our high-band networking radios that are more products in natures. Those carry higher margins, and we've seen good sales for those products that are helping. And we've seen a real uptake in classified, which has always been a higher-margin business for us because of the work that we do. So all of those are benefiting the high margins that we're seeing in the Government Communications Systems business.
Gary L. McArthur: I wouldn't call them reversals. We basically had some reserves on programs, and because of better execution, we were able to see those go away and be mitigated, but nothing in the reversal form.
Gary L. McArthur: Well, let me answer that. The first one with regards to your question, it's really the 12- to 18-month is no different than how we've looked at it before. 15 months was just the midpoint.
Gary L. McArthur: But it's no difference on that. And then with regards to your second question, just repeat it, so I make sure I got it right.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. Well, let me talk to the CISCHRs one because in the past, that has been competitive. We did compete with Thales on that for handhelds, which were -- our offering was the 152 and the 152A. I would expect that go forward, that would be competitive as well. We have been winning the majority of those contract awards because of the performance of our product. The 152A is the only wideband networking handheld radio in the market, so depending on how they write the specs, it could be potentially sole-sourced. But if they write it in a general way, we would be competing against Thales on that. The U.S. Special Forces, I know that we are probably the only product out there. But I wouldn't say that there isn't other competition because the DoD is always trying to promote competition.
Gary L. McArthur: This is Gary responding. Most of the backlog opportunity is in North America. Internationally, it's specific to countries that have the Apco P25 standard that we have opportunities in. And in North America, we're seeing a very strong backlog. I'm not going to get into specifics, but we said it's about $3 billion. That's pretty consistent with where we were last time I think we talked. And there are some opportunities that are pretty near in that we expect some announcements on. But overall, the backlog is good. As we talked about, our growth of 14% in the quarter was outstanding, and the business is, today, very, very competitive with our largest incumbent, and we feel very good about the opportunities ahead.
Gary L. McArthur: I'll take that one. This is Gary. Gautam, the margins have been pretty consistent. Obviously, when you take into consideration, there's a commission as well, but when you put the commission in with the higher margins that we typically get for international, they're not that much different than what we have received in the U.S. marketplace.
Gary L. McArthur: I'd probably have to get back to you on that, Gautam. I don't have that exact dollar amount in front of me, but we could sure get you the detail and get it to you if you need it over -- in a call.
Gary L. McArthur: Well, we've given guidance for this year that they'll be around 14%. I think in talking to the team and the nature of our business being the cost-plus, fixed-price kind of 50-ish percent in each of those, we still think 13.5% is a very good margin for the business. Depending on the product mix, if we're selling more of the high-bandwidth network radios, the WPG products, we get other reflector business, maybe it's a little better than that. But I think overall, you should consider this business in that 13.5% kind of range. 13.5%, 14% is very good performance
Daniel R. Pearson: No. Rich, I think we're very happy with it. The summary report, last one's not out yet, so it will be all anecdotal, but we have done very, very well. And as you saw with the retiring vice-chief, he did specifically mention how that is that helped us get that 117G order. We're going to have over around 400 117Gs and 100 handhelds and a lot of high-capacity line-of-sights like the one in April. So we're really going to be expanding the network and the integration we're doing there. So we're pretty excited about how it's going.
Daniel R. Pearson: And Chris, it's Dan. I think from that perspective, again, if you look at the obliqueness, as you mentioned, the mobility of the force, not just the structure and the number but the mobility aspect of it, it's going to play to our advantages on wideband networking. So my view of that is kind of a push right now until we get more specifics and see how it's going to play out when the President comes out with it.
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, the big ones in GCSD will be data comm, which has been bid, and we're doing the -- also the proposal now for next generation voice switch. So FAA is very big right now. There's some interesting classified work going on, but those are really the biggest one. The FAA is, again, that recap for NexGen and some classified things. But other than that and key funded on GOES-R and things, I don't think there's what I call the big critical pursuit in GCSD. CISCHRs for Dana is -- the IDIQs will big for him, and as you know, we've got some very good international opportunities continuing to play out. Those are really the big ones.
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, Larry, this is Dan. We would only -- we do that when the national funds require us to go do that. It is obvious that we would like to be an exporter from Jefferson Road. But at the same time, large countries and large opportunities, national programs, they require that. So we'll look at them case by case. None more on the horizon that we see right now.
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, Carter, this is Dan. No, I don't think there'll be any issues with that. The factory is up and fully running. And some of these programs are not "expedited" in the sense they'll be on a more delivery schedule. So I don't think we have any issues with that.
