William M. Brown: Well, thank you, Rahul. A little less than a year ago, we closed on Exelis, a truly transformational acquisition for our company. We're executing well on the integration and our results are benefiting from synergy capture. From day one of integration, we've been tracking a little ahead of schedule in reaching integration targets, which is a great achievement from the team. So as we maneuver through pockets of revenue softness, it's evident that the added scale of the Exelis acquisition has broadened our business and is contributing to improved operating resiliency. With less than a year into the acquisition, achieving our current expectation of about 11% earnings growth is a good outcome. Looking ahead, we expect fiscal 2016's rising trend in earnings to continue into fiscal 2017, supported by higher synergy savings and other cost reduction actions. In the meantime, we'll continue to gain traction in our multi-year strategy to successfully integrate Exelis, lower costs and deliver accretion, shape our business portfolio, drive strong free cash flow and deleverage, all while still investing in technology and new product development to drive future growth. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, first off is we've been named the preferred supplier, but haven't won the award yet. We expect the contract award to occur sometime late in our fiscal 2017, which means revenue from that opportunity extends into and begins in fiscal 2018. So it's still on the horizon. We are very well-positioned, being officially notified by the Australian MOD that we're the preferred supplier, it's a very, very important step in the contract negotiation phase, but we do expect that award to happen sometime in the late of our fiscal 2017. It's very big and we're very pleased with our progress there. And again, it's a key part of our long-term strategy to grow from a radio supplier to now a system supplier. We've talked about that for the last few years.
William M. Brown: Well, first of all, we're not going to provide today any guidance. We're not – we'll come to that in early August. But I think when you talk about communications, you sound – your question seems more directed towards the tactical side, which, as we know, has been more of the important earnings driver. So we're not going to provide some guidance today, but there are several things that are on our radar screen that we'd like to see happen in the near term that will help to shape some of the guidance we'll provide in early August. In the DOD side, both MUOS and the MNVR radio, the mid-tier radio, together will contribute to higher earnings, higher revenue in fiscal 2017. MUOS, which did slip out of the quarter, we expect to receive certifications on that this summer, NSA certification. We've already demonstrated on air performance of both voice and data. It's well supported. Funds are allocated. And it's a very strong and compelling business case and we're very confident that's going to happen over the next several months. On the mid-tier side, on the MNVR, that will be in the tens of millions of dollars. It's well supported in the President's Budget request, as well is in the NDAA that just came out. The network assessment is going on as we speak. And we expect a production award towards the end of the government fiscal year 2016, so around the September timeframe. I think on the international side, which has become a bigger part of our business and it's a very large pipeline, we're looking at what's occurring in Eastern Europe and the Ukraine where we've been very, very strong in fiscal 2016. We need that to continue. We need to see the opportunities that we've seen very well in Iraq in fiscal 2016. We expect that to continue at the same level as we see in 2016, and again, opportunities in Iraq, to us, as we speak today, seem to be well supported. One of the opportunities in the international that slipped out of fiscal 2016 into 2017 is in Iraq, but it's well-funded. We think that that's going to happen in 2017. There's another country in the Middle East we can't name where an opportunity did slip out and we expect that will happen in early 2017 as well. And then, finally, in Central Asia, meaning specifically Afghanistan, we've had a very strong year this year. Opportunities there seem well supported. And we do expect Afghanistan, and more broadly, Central Asia, to be the strong contributor to revenue into next year. Now, outside of Tactical Communications, we have a broader – outside of legacy tactical, we've a broader communications business, including Exelis, the radio business from Exelis, which is mostly international. We've been tracking an opportunity in Saudi Arabia for quite some time. It's about $40 million, $50 million in size for SINCGARS radios for vehicles. It's been hung up in the Saudi Royal Court for a number of months, and we need that to break free as we get into 2017 as well. So maybe, Pete, just a little bit of shape and color around what we expect going into next year.
William M. Brown: Yeah, yeah, we're not going to comment yet on 2017 in the shape up, down, flat at this point. We provided some additional information on the backlog in the document. I know some of the math that some of the analysts have done on funded backlog. Where we're at today? It's low, it's lowest as it's been in sometime. As we look out over the next 12 months and how much is covered in backlog, it's not all that different from where we were about a year ago. But we do see a number of things that are materializing both in the DOD as well as in the international side much of which we do expect over the course of next year and it's good to see a lot of the international opportunities backstop by throwing a funding support within the U.S. DOD and state department funds.
William M. Brown: Yeah, Gautam, over the course of Q4, we expect to end the year with funded backlog in Tactical in line with Q3 or slightly up. So we do expect to see some decent awards in Q4 about at the level of revenue. So we don't see another step down in backlog at this point, but in line with where we are in Q3. We're not anticipating or providing any guidance on Q1 in the 2017, although we are watching very carefully the network assessment. The funding for MNVR is in the 2016 budget. There's money allocated in the 2017 PBR. It seems to be protected in the NDAA that came out of HASC at about $20 million, $25 million. And we do anticipate a production award occurring in the September timeframe. That could drive revenue beyond that; it may not be in Q1, but we do think that that's going to end up occurring as we get into 2017.
William M. Brown: Yeah. The scope of our work hasn't changed from what we've been communicating before. And this has been in the discussions with the Australian MOD for several years. We've got a very strong group of partners with us. We have a very well-defined scope providing a broader system with radios and it remains about $600 million.
William M. Brown: Well, we expect the customer test for the Manpack to occur between January and May of 2017, and we expect the first delivery order with an August of 2017 decision and delivering around October of 2017. That is our expectation. As we've said before, we see the Manpack as a revenue driver in fiscal 2018 not in fiscal 2017.
William M. Brown: Yeah. It's in the tens of millions of dollars that slipped beyond Q4 into Q1, Q2. It's possible to receive the order late this quarter. It more likely is in Q1 of our fiscal 2017. Over time, it's a pretty substantial opportunity; it's across a number of different services, and we feel very, very good about the capability. As I said in my prepared remarks, the business case on that is really very, very compelling, and we've demonstrated on-air performance of the 117G with MUOS already, and I think it's a great opportunity for us and we're confident it's going to go forward. It may not happen this quarter.
William M. Brown: Yeah, it really comes into three specific opportunities. One is MUOS on the DoD side, which again is tens of millions and drop the guidance down to high single-digits for the DoD side tactical radio in fiscal 2016. That did slip to the right, but we're very confident that's going to happen. On the international side, we saw two opportunities slip to the right. One is in Iraq. It does have funding, but we do expect that to be a first half 2017 event, not in Q4 of 2016. And the other is an opportunity for another country in the Middle East, which we can't name. The funding for that opportunity has been reprioritized, but the customer is working with us on a number of other projects, which we believe will be funded in the first half of our fiscal 2017. So it's relatively isolated to three different specific opportunities that generally just moved out of the quarter.
William M. Brown: Well, we're going to stick with the splitting of the revenue for right now, but I would say that the relative mix, Noah, of the ending backlog, between international and DoD is reflective of the balance between international and DoD in the revenue base. So kind of on the order of two-thirds, one third – international, two thirds; DoD, one third.
William M. Brown: Well, it's just something that we're not necessarily prepared to provide today. We'll give that some more thought over the – for the next call that we have, Noah.
William M. Brown: Yes, we were at about in the Space & Intelligence business just over 1.3. In the Electronic Systems business, we were at about 1.25, and in the CN business, we were at 1.21.
William M. Brown: Well, we think we've got a very, very strong and compelling offering. We've been working on it for a number of years. We have a very strong, very high share today in the Manpack market within the U.S. DOD and we've developed I think a very good radio in a very large factory where we've got tremendous scale that through the R&D investments we're able to continue to bring features and functionality of the radio over time and use our scale to make sure we're competitive on the cost side. So we think we've got a very, very strong offering for the Manpack.
William M. Brown: What we said is that also over the next three years, we'll bring our leverage ratio down into the 1.5 range and we're tracking well towards that.
William M. Brown: Middle East for us and broadly Middle East North Africa is about 40%, 45% of our international tactical business.
William M. Brown: Yeah, we feel very good about where we ended on the Aerostructures business and completing the sale in early April. It's on top of what we did last year on the Commercial Healthcare business and before that Broadcast. So I think we've been – I think pretty dispassionate and pretty aggressive in looking at what is in our portfolio, what strategically fits, what's a better value to Harris versus to an outside party. We also look at the performance of the underlying business. That's actually an important factor, but Howard, as I step back, we are at the heart a technology-based company, really in defense electronics, mission-critical communications. And we want to be in businesses where technology is a discriminator, add some competitive advantage. We spend quite a bit on IRAD, more than 4% as well above our peers, 4% of our revenue. We have about 40% of our population are engineers or scientists and we want to be in businesses where technology can allow us to win and that's a key factor in how we evaluate the portfolio. We've been, again, aggressive and doing something with Aerostructures, and we continue to look at what's in our base to that broader business that we have today.
William M. Brown: Yeah, our focus has been, Howard, really around the cost take-out and we've done I think a very good job. We get at it very, very quickly. And we still feel good about hitting our run rate savings as we exit 2017 in that $140 million, $150 million net range, which is more aggressive than we thought. We're closing about 15% of our floor space and that's tracking very, very well. So that has been our number one focus. And that's how we justified the acquisition was really on cost take-out. On the revenue side, yeah, we've got our teams really focused on this. Dana Mehnert who's been over here at Harris for more than 30 years and really built our tactical radio business into what it is today, has now taken on a role as Head of Global Business Development, really with an eye towards how do we grow in major markets around the world where the opportunities might be a little bit outside of the horizon or between businesses or might involve bringing together, strapping together some technology from Exelis with Harris and his focus is really on that. And it's across the gamut, it's across technology, across platforms, across geographies or channels to market. In all of those things, we're starting to see some opportunities. And as we get beyond this year and start to shape 2017, we'll talk a bit more about where they start to – where we're starting to see those opportunities come to fruition. What I'd rather do is talk about the ones that we are actually achieving as we achieved them as opposed to speculating about where they might be. One last point on this, Howard, because I think this is very important and I want to make sure investors don't miss this, it's not just about applying common technology is going after channels. The part of what we're doing in driving operational excellence and integration into cross Exelis is improving program performance. This is very important. The best way to grow a business is performing well on what you're doing today. And in the note that in Rahul's prepared remarks, he talked about the SENSOR program. The SENSOR program was being recompeted, because the performance wasn't quite up to snuff with the Air Force and through a lot of work, the on-time delivery of that program has improved dramatically, and now, we're starting to get awards back on SENSOR and the competition has been canceled going to one of the pieces of SENSOR because of the improved performance. So I feel that we just keep focused on performance and executing very, very well, that will help us grow our business into the future as well.
William M. Brown: Well, our focus right now with the FAA is executing on NextGen programs and FAA today is probably our largest customer. We're on four or five NextGen programs and, of course, we've got the FTI, the telecommunications infrastructure that we're working on. But through Exelis, they had the ADS-B network more than 640 radio towers operating very well long-term contract with the FAA very strong position, and they have unique access to data and that data can be used in other forms for other uses including supporting the integration of UAVs into the North American air traffic control system that is a key part of our strategy. That's an opportunity, it's likely beyond the next couple three-year planning horizon, but clearly, through both technology partnerships and legislation, all of which need to be worked on today to make sure we've got a strong position there over time. So Howard, that is an important focus of ours, and as we get clearer around what our particular strategies there, we'll share that more with investors that's a little bit beyond the planning horizon.
William M. Brown: Yeah, I think it's a good question, Carter, and clearly, on the DOD side, I think the answer is yes. It is clearly on an upward slope, and I think as I went into some detail on the programs that we won on the DOD side. And the fact that even in the President's Budget, they're well-supported in the DOD, they're well-supported, the procurements are moving forward at a reasonable pace. I feel very confident that the DOD business will be a growth driver for us, certainly, as we get into 2018 and beyond. 2017 is a little bit too soon to call. I do see it coming off the bottom in 2016, in 2017, but I think 2018 is really the growth year, and I think it really relates to the flow in from some of these modernization programs where we're very, very well-positioned including in SOCOM. So the DOD, I think, clearly is a growth driver. On the international side, we've seen fantastic growth over the last few years. We've seen a little bit of softness this year. The pipeline is still very robust. We are still well-positioned. Competitively, we're very strong. Where we are going out to compete, we win almost all the places that we are competing in around the world where we have a position. I think the opportunity in Australia where we become the preferred supplier for a very large contract, which include systems and products, it's an important part of our strategy, because we need to increase the size of the addressable market we're going after in international in order to continue to see growth in that international base over time. But I do see on the DOD side, yes, that that will be a longer-term growth market for us.
William M. Brown: Well, I think the good news, Carter, is that we haven't adjusted in our outlook for 2016. We haven't changed it based on what's going on in the CapRock business. The energy business is still under a lot of pressure. I know oil prices have recovered a little bit, but still well down. A lot of the energy majors are reporting some pretty terrible numbers right now. For the year, we still expect CapRock energy to be down about 25%. We were down in the 20% range-ish in the first half; it will be worse than that, obviously, in the second half. As we get into Q4, we see the revenue in Q4 in CapRock energy to be on the order of about $60 million in the quarter. So if you just annualize that, you're sort of around $240 million for the year as we exit fiscal 2016. And for perspective, in fiscal 2016 overall, revenue in CapRock energy was around $290 million. So the math would imply that we'll see a little bit of another downturn on an annual basis in 2017 over 2016. 2016, again, is down about 25% from fiscal 2015. So we are seeing another step-down as we get into next year, but it's not different than what we described last time and built into our guidance for this year. I guess, as you saw, the CN margins were down a little bit sequentially. We did lose money in energy in Q3, but we've done quite a bit of restructuring as we laid out to investors back in February, and we do expect the energy business to go back to profitability in Q4, and be less of a profit driver as we get into fiscal 2017.
William M. Brown: It's faster capture. We still expect to be at $140 million, $150 million net – $140 million to $150 million net of what we give back to the government, as we exit fiscal 2017. So it's really just a faster capture this year at $80 million, $85 million. We see next year, in year fiscal 2017, integration savings or synergy savings in the $130 million to $135 million range, Carter. So that implies an extra $50 million in the in-year 2017 from 2016.
William M. Brown: Well, we see very good trends through the year in our Space business as well as in the Electronic Systems business. It's kind of encouraging to be through the year here in Space and pretty good backlog growth, pretty good book-to-bill through the year, same thing on the Electronic Systems business. It's good to see electronic warfare to be pretty strong, it turns out, over the course of the year and ending a couple of hundred million dollars higher in backlog. At least that bodes well for not another step-down as we get into 2017. But yeah, the budgets look pretty good. There's still a long way to go between where we are today and appropriations bills. But we feel pretty good about the overall outlook. The only cautionary points I would give is on CapRock. We do see again another step down as we get into 2017, just based on where the exit rate happens to be. In our Mission Sustainment business, which was down this year in the 20%, 22%, 23% range mainly because of a couple of big program roll-offs, we've got some work to do there to make sure that we hold that business as we go into next year. It's a very, very competitive landscape. We have about a third of that business that's up for recompete. As we go into next year, the Mission Sustainment or Services business, and we've got to do a little bit of work to make sure that we win on those recompetes. It's something that this management team is pretty well focused on today.
William M. Brown: We feel pretty good, Seth, about the progress we've made over the last several years and just making ourselves a little more capital efficient, and it includes the approval thresholds in the company. On a pro forma basis, a couple of years ago, the companies together would've been around $260 million, $270 million or in the range of 3% of sales and this year, we'll be about 2.3%. We still see some opportunities to continue to be a little more judicious on capital spending going forward. So we feel pretty good about where we stand so far this year in capital.
William M. Brown: Well, the radios would also include a lot of antenna systems, it's the battle management system, the software systems. There is a variety of other things that we package in to a systems offering to a customer. Every end market is going to be a little bit different. We've had $700 million with a systems opportunity being booked and sold in other markets in the past. If I member right on those markets, because I don't want to talk specifically about Australia, it's probably in the order of around maybe two to ones, with two parts of non-radios to one part radios, in other words, about a third of the opportunity would be radios, thereabouts, and the two-thirds would be other things you package around that.
William M. Brown: Yeah. It's a good question. It's something we've been working on for quite some time in the U.S. The U.S. military tends to do their own systems integration. They manage each of the suppliers and the components and then integrate it together, and then test it through what we're seeing today in these network evaluations, these NIEs. On the international side, more and more customers are moving towards buying an installed solution, an integrated solution, and that's I think a good trend and that's heading in our direction. We feel very good that the radio itself is very, very competitive and provides a key source of value and we think we can broaden that and bring other partners on to our team, and in fact, that's exactly what we've been able to do in Australia. Some very important large global players are on the Harris team in Australia, providing components to us. And what that does is it not just provides the radio, but software and other components around that, it does continue to build more stickiness into that and customer coming back to Harris Corporation over time. So we feel very good about the trajectory we happen to be on, on the systems and integrated solutions side internationally.
William M. Brown: Well, I don't like to get into the competitor, because some of the competitors have found their way on to our team in Australia, and it really varies by market. But I would just say that we've got a lineup of very good suppliers, good partners with us in Australia, and again, we go compete against different people in different markets.
William M. Brown: Well, there's going to be a – we've been investing quite a bit of IRAD into developing the ability to easily port this MUOS waveform into 117Gs. It sounds more simple in the way I explain it than it really was. It was quite a bit of magic to make this happen and not require any sort of firmware, hardware change out for these radios which I think is absolutely amazing, amazing what the team has done. And what we're now doing is working with our service partners to provide them software licenses that would allow them to once they buy the license to then download that software into their radios, into the 117Gs. As that MUOS waveform is changed or advanced over time, there may be opportunities for that to kind of get readvanced or other licenses or other opportunities revenue opportunities to occur. But we see that, over time, this is a pretty substantial opportunity, and I think as each service picks it up will drive some revenue event for us on MUOS.
William M. Brown: No, I think what we're seeing here is over the last five years, in our business that we've got, as you know, a pretty high share of the hoop reflector or space reflector market. We've only sold two commercial reflectors. So far we have this JCSAT order for $37 million. We have four proposals out. We have 15 prospects in the pipeline and what's driving this, Chris, our new entrance, it's the increase in high throughput satellites. It's recapitalizations. It's a surge that is occurring in small sats for both the U.S. government as well as the commercial sector. We see that as a pretty good opportunity in the near to medium-term and it's both on the reflectors side as well as sensors and payloads for these other small sats, both again commercial and U.S. government. So I think we're on the front end of what it appears to be a recap cycle and we feel it's a very important recent event, and again, with the prospects we see and the proposals we have out, we will feel pretty good about this business, Chris.
