Chris Kubasik: Okay, thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Let me take a moment to thank and congratulate the L3 and Harris teams for their hard work this past quarter. Today’s results from both companies are due to everyone’s focus and the uncertain times leading up to the close of this historic merger.  As Bill mentioned, day one was seamless. We rolled out new email addresses to all L3 Harris employees, launched a new website and portal that connected to 50,000 employees across the globe and installed new signage at our 50 largest sites. On the operational side, in the first week we issued nearly 40 RFPs to our supplier base totaling $900 million in annual spend to start leveraging the purchasing power of the combined enterprise and to work towards our cost synergies goal.  Shifting now to L3 results, we had a solid second quarter, highlighted by our consolidated margin and free cash flow, both outperforming the second quarter guidance we discussed on our May earnings call.  Margins expanded 160 basis points to 12.2% and free cash flow was up 38% to $220 million. Non-GAAP EPS was up 18% to $2.91 on 2% revenue growth. These results caped a strong first half with EPS up 21% on 8% revenue growth.  Total company margins expanded 130 basis points to 11.9% and free cash flow was $365 million or 5x last year’s first half, as we executed on working capital improvements that resulted in a 12 day reduction over the past 12 months. Orders were up 8% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.11 and funded backlog increased 16%.  Turning to the segments on slide six, ISR revenue grew 2%, driven by a ramp up in WESCAM turret systems and the strength of our ISR missionization business, as several key programs accelerated, including the Australian Peregrine and the Presidential Aircraft recapitalization program.  This growth was partially offset by lower deliveries of night vision products due to export timing and operating income was up 50%, resulting in margin expansion of 460 basis points to 14.3%. This was due to higher volume, improved contract performance and L365 savings. In the first half ISR revenue was up 12% and operating income grew 45%, with margin expansion of 280 basis points to 12.3%.  In the Communication Segment revenue was flat in the quarter with higher production volume for UAV Communication System offset by lower volume in the Integrated Maritime and Microwave product sectors.  Margins declined by 130 basis points to 7.9% from the dilutive mix impact of the Maritime Developmental Programs and the continued investment in Unmanned Undersea Vehicles. For the first half, segment revenue was up 5% with margin expansion of 20 basis points to 9.3%.  Lastly the Electronics Segment second quarter revenue was up 3% with strong growth in Precision Engagement Systems which includes the fuzing and ordnance business, F-35 Display Systems and Airport Security Equipment, more than offsetting the expected headwind in the Defense Training Solutions due to last year’s competitive loss of the C-17 training contract and lower volume from Commercial Flight Simulator sales.  Margin expanded 10 basis points to 13.6% and in the first half segment revenue was up 3% with margin expansion of 10 basis points to 14.1%. Overall L3 had a strong first half, tracking above the guidance set at the beginning of the year and ahead of the amounts disclosed in the S4.  Looking forward, as we announced on July 1 and detailed in the appendix to the webcast slides, we have organized L3 Harris into four segments, that group technologies and capabilities to allow us to compete across multiple missions and domains. Cutting across these segments, we have business development, operations and program excellent functions to drive further growth, while achieving greater costs and operational and programmatic efficiency.  We have worked on the structure since we announced the merger in October and have assembled an outstanding, seasoned and collaborative team to lead the new organization. I’m excited to be part of it and look forward to the work ahead.  With that, I will turn it over to Jay. 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah I believe it is Peter, I mean 2% this year on a full year basis, that’s $380 million, $190 million in the first half, $190 million in the second half. I think going forward it feels like that’s the right place to be to fund and be prepare for the growth, and yeah, I think 2% is where we should go with. 
Chris Kubasik: David, keep in mind, the working capital is going to want to grow with the increase in volume. So our challenge is going to be to take out the productivity in working capital and hold it flat over that period of time. 
Chris Kubasik: You know I’ll just chime in, that we are clearly focused on this David. You’ve seen the progress as Bill mentioned, the 12 days. The good news is a lot of that is coming out of inventory, a little bit out of day sales outstanding. So we haven’t even really focused on the payable levels. So the teams are working as hard and we’re allocating targets right down to the program manager level. Everybody knows what they need to do to achieve these targets. 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, but look, I mean the international pipeline remains pretty good at about $2.5 billion and the shape of its not changed a lot. So we had a good finish on international, basically flattish on Q4, but we had a good year about 3%. You know DoD pipeline is around $1.7 billion, so it’s up a little bit.  What’s interesting is the mix. It’s about 50/50 now between base and modernization, as we would have expected, modernization is starting to grow and we’re seeing that over the course of fiscal ’19. It basically tripled in size in terms of modernization. The pipeline is now half modernization, that’s back stopped by what is a pretty good budget outlook.  So I got to tell you Gautam, we had a good year intact, where the guys did such a great job. You know we were up about 13% this year in calendar ’19. You know it’s going to be you know about 10%, 12% or so, low double digit in the back half. DoD is going to continue to grow pretty well.  When we see international, the low to mid-single digit range, so we see continued momentum in this business you know and it goes beyond the back end of the year based on what I’m seeing in the budget. So you know the tactical business is performing very well as expected. 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, this is Chris. We see an up ramp from a couple of main drivers. If you recall we have the EDD business in there, which of course is a tough compare for ‘18 compared to ’19. So we talked earlier in January about a significant improvement, 40 basis points from not having the same issues of EDD which we don’t expect to have in ‘19 that we had an ’18.  We have some E3 savings that are pretty significant in the $40 million range and we have a pretty good road path to execute upon those and you know we have some growth opportunities in the commercial aviation sector, specifically avionics that has higher margins in addition to some, using an ordinance opportunities. All that contributes to the guidance we gave. 
Chris Kubasik: And Richard on the Legacy L3, as you know we have the crypto, we have the display, so you know think of another 500 or 600 per ship set as well and when we put the merger together, we talked about the benefits of scale. I think Lockheed Martin would knowledge we were one of the top suppliers. It gives you better access to the management team to be a part of the strategy and we would expect a bid on other components in the years ahead, given our scale and investments.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah Seth, this is Chris. That was driven as we put in the prepared comments, mainly by the Maritime sector. We have a pretty strong international focus in Maritime, we have some steady cornerstone programs as they cover them on, there’s a column focused on sensors and control systems, but there are some new developments going on.  One, in the on Mandarin both service and undersea and that requires investments and I think we have some new programs for the Columbia and the destroyer and laser weapons. Those were slowed in the quarter by some additional costs to get those development programs on track, and those will have long 10 to 20 year lag once we get going. So it was focused on Maritime development to answer your question.
Chris Kubasik: I’ll just day that Bill and I spent a fair amount of time last week reviewing the classified business and I was thoroughly impressed with the technology and the opportunities. So we’re excited about the Space business going forward and other classified as well. 
Chris Kubasik: Well look, I think we – so Chris and I started this conversation quite a long time ago, you know with a goal of creating a very large scale mission solutions prime and that's exactly what we've done. We continue to assess implication of what other people in the space do, but from what I look at, we’re just a company that we have created and the opportunities ahead of us; I think we're very well positioned.  When you talk about scale, I think we are scaling places where we need to be scaled. We were scaled in tactical radios and becoming scale in the space business, so scale in lots of different areas of the company you know and we feel great.  The company is a technology leader. You know our strategy is to continue to invest significantly and aggressively in innovation. You know we've been running about 4% of our revenue in Iraq and we continue to see that continue to go up. You know we've got great set of people who are great technologists and business leaders to drive our business.  You know what's going to require for us to win is continuing to accelerate the deployment of technologies into the market place, into the field as a war fighter and then continue to execute well on our programs. You know that's what we can do, and no matter what happens in the market and the changes in the structure, we're going to keep focused on what we do well, the things that we can control and it's a technology in a way we execute, so I think we're in a good spot here John. 
Jay Malave: Right, so when you look at that, we will continue to expect some of the integration costs, we’ll still see it going into next year from a cash basis. But let me just take you back to the second half of free cash flow, because we expect you know an up-tick in net income. There will be a little bit of an outflow related to our working capital within one or two days improvement, but we’re going to try to hold that flat and we’ll see a little bit of a benefit in cash taxes.  So we feel good about the second half, specific to your question in terms of what we see going next year. As I mentioned there will be some continued costs related to the integration, restructuring type level of costs and those type of items, but beyond that I don’t expect there to be other significant items that will repeat going forward. 
Jay Malave: Well David, I mean it’s still a bit early. I mean obviously we just put the company together and it took enormous work to put together pro forma guidance in the back half. So it’s a little bit premature to get out beyond that, but maybe just some high level comments without getting into the segment by segment looks here.  You know for us, I mean looking at 10% growth in a calendar year, in the industry that happened to be in, it’s pretty special. You follow us, you follow others in the space. You know looking at 10% in the back half feels pretty good as well.  So you know I mentioned the S4 is a little dated. We are doing a lot better than the S4, about $0.5 billion stronger this year. So we’re coming off a stronger starting point. You know in the S4 I think L3 numbers were growing at 5% to 6% in that range. We are a bit, a little bit higher than that. You know I see us continuing to grow in that mid to high single digit range into ‘20 and maybe a little bit beyond that.  It comes from you know a good bipartisan budget deal. You know the topline budget is not growing that much, 3% and then basically flat the year after, but the certainty that provides, the funding lines that we see tactical, F-35, other plays that affect the business look very, very good and very positive. It features a $122 billion worth of appropriations that are out there, that are exceeding the outlays. So those outlays have to catch up. This is a lot of dry-powder in the system that should keep, well you know all of the boats moving in the water and we feel pretty good about the medium term outlook.  On the margins side, look ending at 16.2 this year will be a great result. You know we’re at the front end of our ramp on synergies. Only $40 million this year getting to $300 million several years out, that’s another 170, 180 basis points. So if you could kind of run the math and get to 18% pretty quickly a few years out, and we’ll ramp to that as quickly as we can. So you know as we look out in the back end of the year we feel great and I think the outlook into calendar ‘20 also looks pretty good too. 
Jay Malave: Yeah Rob, some of it is comps. We had you know up in the last half of last year some pretty significant growth rates, but you’re talking, you’re kind of splitting hairs. In the Integration Mission System business it was 12% growth in the first half, we were expecting around 10.5%, so a real slight reduction there. In Communication Systems we are nearly 12%, we’re going to be 9.5% there, close to 10%.  And so yeah, I’d say more compares than anything else, but the growth rates are still pretty substantial and pretty significant to support the 10% in the back half. As I said in my comments, high visibility with the backlog. We have 90% visibility in the backlog to the back half and so we feel really good about going into this next six months. 
Bill Brown: I mean just in a nutshell, I think for the year Rob, $260 million of free cash impact from deal and integration cost. We had about $25 million or so in the first half. The $235 million will be in the back half. About $100 million of that 95 are going to be deal cots; that’s going to be behind us by Q3. You know the balance is integration costs and we’ll see some little drag forward into calendar ‘20 on integration costs as well. 
Bill Brown: Well, I think you know as Jay was alluding to, we feel good about this year in terms of cash generation. We are still targeting $3 billion three years out, that’s calendar ’22, we’ll certainly ramp to that. So I think we’re off to a really good start in terms of the cash we generated in the first half. You know LTM cash, what we are going to do this year. So you know, all that’s looking pretty good.  We ended June on a proforma basis with $1.7 billion of balance sheet. You know we are going to generate about say $2.5 billion more or less in the next 12 months. So that’s puts us about $4.2 billion more or less of cash available for deployment. You know our dividend is about $700 million, $680 million and that’s including the 10% increase we did, that we announced on July 1 that will be enacted here in August, we’ll reevaluate that in January, about $700 million in dividends.  We have about $300 million worth of deal and integration costs, we just spoke about that over the next 12 months. We had to fund the surf [ph] and differed compensation programs, but what that means, that leave you about $3 billion over that period of time. For things that do, $2.5 billion is on buyback and about $0.5 billion Sheila, that’s going to be held on the balance sheet, just because that’s what we require for normal working capital needs.
Bill Brown: Yeah, so you’re right Sheila, the first half on a pro forma basis up 90 basis points, the second half up 170, so it’s up subsequently as well, 16.7. For the year about 130 basis points of margin expansion, so 16 too, a little bit better than we had though when we put the deal together in the S4, so we feel good about the trajectory.  You know as we mentioned on the call about $40 million on the back half is coming from net cost synergies. There’s a road map in the back on the EPS bridge which indicates the absence of L3 intangibles and pension amortization for another $40 million $43 million.  We see an operational improvement year-over-year in a couple of businesses from L3 including EDD. We see operational excellence savings which offset some mix, grow some investments in the back half, all of which gets us to about that 170 in the back half and we feel it’s pretty well calibrated. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, sure Carter, thanks. So really on the first point, first of all Harris is feeling a little bit backtracking, a bit better on our calendar ‘19 in terms of versus the S4 and a combined company basis. For calendar ‘19 we are about a $0.5 billion better. So you know it’s quite a bit stronger than we envisioned late last year when we put out the S4, but again as we mentioned at that time, the S4 was related to strategic plans which were put together earlier in the year over the summer.  You know when the markets guide a bit better, we want some strategic opportunities, so we feel good about where we are at in calendar ’19, a bit better than we started. You know ‘20 is looking pretty good as well as certainly with the budget, a backdrop, you know a strong funded backlog at the beginning – at the midpoint of the year, up 15%. So a lot of this tracking I think for really good top line progress.  On the comp program, you know we are still in discussions with our Board in terms of what we do going forward, but you know Chris and I, you know obviously there’s a short term plan and a longer term plan. On the short term basis it will be some combination of revenue op-income and free cash, and since we all know the importance of cash generation, the impotence of driving working capital improvements, you know there’s probably a slight tilt towards free cash, much like we did a number of years ago at Harris. You’ll note Chris mention about the big step up in the first half and free cash generation, a 5x over the first half of last year. I think 50% of the short term comp for the L3 executives came on free cash, and we all know when you incentivize for something you get results. So that’s kind of what we are thinking on a short term basis. Longer term it will be performance based equity, you know that will be tied to the targets we are discussing with share owners. 
Bill Brown: Nothing material Peter. There’ll be additional non-GAAP charges in Q3, because of some of the deal and integration expenses, but on a non-GAAP reported earnings per share, revenue growth should all look pretty stable, Q3 versus Q4. 
Bill Brown: You know look, we feel really good about where we ended on an LTM basis on cash and just for you know referencing a couple of data points. I mean Harris over the last 12 months was better than, by four days of working capital. So we went from 45 to 41, a day or two better than we thought a couple months ago.  L3s results were 12 days better, year-over-year in the June ending quarter. You know so we are making good progress. Over the balance of the year we are only looking at another day or two between June and the back end of the year. You know but we are starting from our 75 days pro forma at the end of June. You know Harris is sitting at 41.  You know I think we got a lot of opportunity ahead of us, let’s get through the next couple of quarters, we’ll give you guidance on calendar ’20, and certainly as I look at Chris and Jay, you know we’re all over trying to figure out a way to make sure the cash gets accelerated, that’s certainly what we’re trying to do.
Bill Brown: No, I don’t think that we’re to sort of size it because the decisions aren’t yet made you know, and we are at the front end of the process. It’s going to take some time to get alignment, you know work the process and what I’ll do Gautam as I’ve done before, I know Chris has done before is, you know rather than talking about something that we are going to do, I’ll talk about what we have done when that is done.  So we don’t have a predetermined target for what we’re trying to do. Again what we are looking at is, is we want to make sure the management team is focused on the business that are strategic, ones that are technology driven, have great returns we can win and Chris and I spent a lot of time in the last few months on this. We working with our boards; we’ve got a meeting coming up in a couple of weeks on this. So we are on it, but I’m not going to size how much the divestiture might be until we really get around to making some decisions around that. 
Bill Brown: In major recompetes, what was the question? Okay, I think if it was a major recompetes, we are going to see a lot over the last 12 months. I mean there’s always places that we are bidding, and there’s opportunities out there, you know but there’s nothing that’s really significant. The one that really comes to the mind is what we call our sensor program. That’s where we do maintenance for ground based telescopes, out of all sites around the work, the legacy Exelis program to $150 million to $200 million a year of revenue, it’s under a recompete.  But it’s one of those programs I feel very strongly about. From way back when we bought Exelis it was about 35%, 38% on time delivery. We closed the quarter around 94%, 95% very, very good reputation with the customer. So that’s the only one that’s jumping off my mind as a recompete and certainly I got my eye on it, but nothing more than that Gautam. So thanks for the question. 
Bill Brown: Well look, I think it’s still very early. It was only confirmed very recently, but through what he did when he was Army Secretary was actually a very positive, very productive. I think it’s notable that he with Ryan McCarthy, with the Chief got together and really prioritize where they want to spend limited army dollars and focus on key priorities, and start to move away from things that weren’t you know all that critical.  The fact is I think between what we do, what L3 does on a combined basis. You know the fact is working on important programs and I think we ended up doing very well through the army process. I’d envision the same thing for across DoD what is now going to work on. So you know the discipline of looking at where they want to spend dollars is important and I think based on the things that were working on, you know we are going to be, I would think we are going to end up being pretty strong here. 
Bill Brown: Yeah I mean the short cycle business that we really have talked about in the past George is really around the tactical radio business and that has become, you know when we merge with Exelis, it became a smaller piece of the overall company. Certainly as we improved in the other segment you know so it was like 35%, 36% of the legacy Harris companies, not even the smaller part of L3 Harris.  You know but the fact is, it is a relatively quick turn business, but it’s a little bit different today than it would have been a few years ago. But today lot more of the business is driven by modernization, and modernization, there’s a lot more visibility into it than these quick turn O&M funded orders that we would have gotten in the past.  So I’m not terribly concerned, we had a very, very strong calendar of fiscal ’19. We had a really extraordinary first half of calendar ’19 in DoD Tactical. Well, that would naturally mitigate itself from or slow down a little bit in the back half, but it’s still very healthy growth, north of 20%. So look, it’s a great business, we’re across all of the different platforms, different contract vehicles, all the services on the front end of what we believe is a multiyear ramp here George.
Bill Brown: We are seeing, you know what Chris called the Precision Engagement Systems business. It ramps a bit more in the back half than the front half. It grew really nicely in the first half. You know even stronger in the back and it’s just a lot of classified work that Chris and his team have solidify themselves on, plus a lot of fusing business for munitions and that [inaudible] there is pretty high.  We’re also getting you know a little bit better comps on the commercial training business, the defense training business looks a little bit better, the C-17 carries for the full year, but there’s F-16 wins that have happened that’s going to help mitigate the C-17 loss in the back half. So really across all the pieces of AS it just get better and that’s where we are seeing you know better growth in the back half than the front half. 
Bill Brown: You know what’s going to happen is so we’re still on track with that. The net proceeds will be about $325 million. We expect to get through the process in Q3, its deep in the sypheus [ph] review and that will be used to prefund the pension. You know that would basically mitigate any cash contributions on the all three sides of the pension through the next couple years into calendar ’22. So that’s like a $70 million, $80 million improvement if you will in cash, but you know remember night vision generated some cash, so there’s a bit of an offset. On an annualized basis that sort of a $50 million, $60 million net benefit to us on the free cash side and that is in our guidance. 
Bill Brown: Well, it’s a great question and its less philosophical, more a financial in a sense of what we’ve tried to do. You know relate back to where we were three years ago with Exelis. Exelis manufactured radios and for Wayne it was under a sort of normal model and with cost disclosures and we moved that up to Rochester. It took us some time, but that’s now our full commercial model business.  And L3 WESCAM, the WESCAM business had a very profitable, nice size business, growing very well, great positions around the world, that’s a commercial model business, much like what we do in the tactical side. There’s a possibility to take the SATCOM business that L3 has was very strong and over time migrate that to a commercial model. It’s something that we’ll work on. It may not be a needle mover in the next couple of years. It’s something that obviously we are focused on, but I wouldn’t say that that’s going to be the key driver to margin expansion. It’s going to come through operational excellence, it’s going to come through synergy, it’s going to come though basic better performance in our company. So I mean we are certainly on it, Richard. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, sure. We you know – now I’m going to quote the number. This is probably just legacy of Harris. I’m looking to Anurag and Jay to confirm this. So there’s like $2.2 million per ship set today. So we do the common components, we do the maddle [ph] system, we do the release systems, so about $2.2 million. That we know is going to grow to about $2.7 million over the next several years. You know we won three different pieces of what they call Tech New Fresh , so one is the mission computer called the ICP. You know there is the aircraft memory system, as well as the electronic unit, the Panorama cockpit display, PCD EU and all those things add together over time to give us another $0.5 billion of content for F-35. So that’s going to grow in terms of content per ship set and then it’s going to also grow with the ramp, which is why it’s an important one for us to keep talking about. As the number of the ship set continue to growth, plus our content continues to grow, it’s going to continue to be a growth driver for the company. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, I think topline is around 5%, 6%, a little bit higher than that on a EBITDA growth. When we – it yields about $0.5 billion of incremental net income, incremental cash coming from growth over the three year period.
Bill Brown: Yet it was off like a $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion free cash basis. So it’s going to be maybe a little bit less than that, but yeah it’s in about that range, 6%, 7%.
Bill Brown: Yeah sure, so there’s $40 million of net synergies in the back half, net synergies in the full year as well and that drop through into generating cash on an after tax basis. The 150 is the run rate will be added in terms of costs synergies by the calendar year. So that’s the run rate we’ll be at – which gives us confidence that we can be at $200 million, so in calendar ‘20 gross savings dropping through, so that’s how we talked about it.  Over the course of the back end of the year, I think we’re around 75 days on a pro forma basis in June. As Jay pointed out, we’re expecting one to two days of improvement, sequentially through the back end of the working capital, so anything around 74, 73 days. 
Bill Brown: The one – two ways of working capital on a full year basis is probably on the order of $30 million, $60 million in that range. So will be half that over the course of the back end of the year. 
Bill Brown: Yeah look, Seth we feel very good about the space business. You’re right, I mean in the year the book-to-bill is over one, you know backlog came up a little bit, so there’s a good trend there and we’ve talked about that pretty consistently over the course of a fiscal ‘19 with the classified business being up in the teens or is looking pretty good.  That comes in a couple different areas. When we talk about classified businesses, it’s not just Space. So there’s opportunities in Space, it’s both exquisite as well as moving to SmallSat and the team has just done a great job, you know maintaining a strong position on exquisite components, while at the same time taking the lead on full end admission solutions with SmallSat. But our classified business in that area also relates to other domains and that’s business continues to go well. Again, the same philosophy moving from providing components to subsystem to now full mission solutions, whether they be terrestrial systems, near shore system, deep water systems, you know and that business has gone very well and it’s really this philosophy. There’s the budgets are coming up, and we are expanding in our ability to compete on more full end admission solutions, and you can see the trajectory happening in the back end of the year. We continue to see strong growth in the classified business. 
Bill Brown: Well, certainly it’s a much bigger scale you know clearly and there's a lot of complexity within L3 was a company built over 20 years through a lot of M&A and Chris has talked about the desire to move from a holding company to an operating company and we server one that journey. So getting information, getting it you know consistently across businesses is a bit of a challenge, but the reality is we’ve out of the gauge very, very, quickly; we've got a great seasoned integration team; people that are very experienced, they've done this before.  There are a lot of people from the Exelis integration. We're getting data very quickly; you know the enthusiasm and energy across the company is very good. You know it's gone from my vantage point certainly better than we would have imagined and better than we did with Exelis. You know we're going faster on supply chain. That was an area that took a little time to ramp up too on Exelis, so we’re acting a lot faster this time. Obviously with the segments and the headquarters we made those decisions, we execute on that on day one here which is very important.  You know the revenue opportunities ahead of us are quite significant, something that Chris is spending a lot of time on and we’re very encouraged. So we're going to get on that probably a lot faster this time than we do with excels. Keep in mind we're in a different market space, we’re different sort of part in the cycle.  Back with Exelis, we're still coming out of sequestration. The visibility and the budgets weren’t very strong, you know so we focused much more on cost side. This time it’s different, you know and Chris and the team are really putting a lot of time and effort into making sure we understand what the revenue opportunities are and then making sure that we fund them.  So you know I'm optimistic about the trajectory that we’re on here and clearly we want a great path to deliver $0.5 billion of gross cost synergies and hopefully a bit that more than that over time Josh. 
Noah Poponak: In the three, the $3 billion, three year free cash flow target, what is the you know underlying organic business segment. So you know putting aside anything below the line, putting aside the working capital opportunity in the synergies, just the core newly combined business segment EBITDA growth rate on that three year basis that you are assuming in the $3 billion. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. I guess 500 on the new – should I be thinking about that relative to the 23 to 23.5, so I would kind of 20% of that, but over three years, so call it a 6% CAGR. 
Noah Poponak: Okay, so I should be kind of in the zone of maybe call it $100 million of the $500 million that you had for the – in that free cash flow bridge of net after tax energy plus capital efficiency, maybe $100 million of the $500 million is happening in 2019. 
Noah Poponak: Well, if its $40 million to $50 million of synergy and then one of two days of working capital, I guess, that would be. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just you know a bigger picture on the margins, you know clearly the margins will expand if you achieve the synergy plans, but should we be giving consideration for margin expansion in the underlying business before synergies. You know Harris kind of had incremental margins from the partially commercial model. Legacy L3 had plans to continue to improve the operations in the margins of the business before the deal. Is it fair to assume the margins are expanding independent of the synergies, and then synergies in addition to that?  It’s fair to assume that. Yeah, both independent businesses had talked about margin expansion. You know in both pieces it was on the order of 100 basis points and certainly the synergies that we had talked about that would be incremental to that, which is you know going back you know when we first talked about the deal on a pro forma basis, the EBIT margin was around 14. We said that we’d get around 17 through 100 basis point organic growth of margins, another 200 basis points on synergy to get to 17. Obviously while you’re coming here into calendar 16, we are doing a bit better than that as starting off here. So yeah, it is incremental to the benefits of synergies Noah. 
