William M. Brown: Yes. We were a little bit weak on revenue. Part of it was, I think, market-driven. Just weakness in systems and terminals for state and local. We also had some orders that came in pretty late in the quarter on the federal side, which didn't make the quarter and shifted into Q2. So that was a factor as well. But you remember back the last couple of years, our book-to-bill has been less than 1 for about 7 or 8 of the last 9 quarters. Decent bookings in Q1, I would say, were up about 12%, 13% and solid book-to-bill in the quarter. And we do expect that over the balance of year, we'll return to growth. As I mentioned last time, our guidance for the year in the Public Safety was mid to high-single digits, certainly coming out of the gates at down 14% puts a little more stretch into the back half, but we still think that this is a growth business. We think the market's growing in the 3% to 5% range. Our biggest competitor in our space did have some challenges like we did in the most recent quarter and seeing the same sort of market phenomenon that we're seeing. But we're making some changes in the way we organize at Public Safety. I think we've added people into sales and marketing, both on the terminals and systems side to drive growth in that space. We're investing in a product offering, and I think, over time, we're going to start to see ourselves come back to full growth, and we do expect that will be towards the back end of the year, Carter. So, thank you.
William M. Brown: These 2 vehicles have been in place for some time. There was a ceiling increase. So we've been, over time, receiving some task orders against each of them. I think what we saw in -- the one we saw back in Q3 of $500 million in the most recent one, is, again, just a little more encouragement, a little more confidence that orders on the FMS side will start to flow through those vehicles. They are still sourced. They're communications-specific, Harris-specific. So that was a, I think, a big vote of confidence in what we expect to see is better growth in the international side through the balance of the year.
William M. Brown: At GCS, we feel really good about the margin progression over the last several years, and we felt great where we ended at fiscal '13 and we feel good about where we came out in the first quarter of fiscal '14 at 15.5%, that's pretty strong. Of course, we're still guiding the 14% for the year. We saw unusually strong product business in the first quarter, and we saw some really good award fees coming through on a number of our programs [ph], particularly on the classified side. Those things you tend not to want to put in the guidance or forecast to repeat through the balance of the year, so we didn't do that. And we do see, over the course of the year, a little less product business, a little more systems and program business, which will be at slightly lower margins. So again, we're 1 quarter into the year. I think we're maintaining a cautious approach for the year and we held our guidance.
William M. Brown: In INS, I think we came out of the gates. We saw a pretty good orders at the IT Services business. And as Gary mentioned, we did see an extension to the NMCI contract going for the balance of the year. So we will see some improvement in this segment, just simply because we've got a little bit better performance in the IT Services business. In Q1, both IT Services and CapRock were down modestly year-over-year, margins at Q1. Of course, CapRock was improving sequentially. We saw that improving over the balance of the year. Again, it's a little bit early to change our outlook for the year-end margins for INS. I think we had a, I guess, a solid start coming just around -- just below 8%, 7.9% margin for the INS segment. And I think for now 8% to 10% for the year is about the right range given what we see in our business.
William M. Brown: Well, if you try to extrapolate from Q1, one could draw that conclusion. But with still 1 quarter in the year, and we still have a lot left in it. I think we came out of the gates strongly on tactical. We feel good about that. We had good orders in the DoD side. And of course, the MNVR win was a nice wind at our back, and we feel strong about that. I think the backlog remains pretty healthy in the Tactical business. You may recall we had very strong orders in Q4. We ended the year with very, very good backlog. Of course, with orders being down a little bit and the book-to-bill, as Gary mentioned, at Tactical been less than 1, we saw backlog erosion over the course of the quarter. But you can run the math; it dropped about $80 million sequentially through Q1. But where we stand today, in terms of backlog in Tactical versus where we were 1 year ago, about 8% to 9% higher. And that does give us a little bit more encouragement that we'll see pretty good business this year in tactical radios. And we hope that that might offset what could be more of a stretch in Public Safety in the back half.
William M. Brown: On the DoD side, it came up, I'd say, modestly year-over-year. Last time, it was about $1 billion, now it's about $1.1 billion. There's various parts of the geography that move around, but I wouldn't overread too much into it, it going up by $100 million. It's in that range of accuracy. But we still feel pretty good about the pipeline for DoD. Only about 25% of that pipeline is on modernization. The rest is what we see happening in the Air Force, Marine Corps, SOCOM, all of which is standardized on Falcon III, other Army spares and some other things. So on the DoD side, I would characterize it as remaining pretty solid for us. On the international side, it did come up by a couple of hundred million dollars, and it wasn't weighting. It was very specific opportunities that just have grown in value since we spoke about 3 months ago, and they're very specific ones. It's the shape or the contour of that $2.4 billion pipeline hasn't moved a lot. It's still more than half Middle East and Asia, where we know security's an issue. In the U.S., it's starting to pull back. Iraq is an important market for us, and that's pretty strong. Country in Africa. Obviously, Pakistan has been big, and I mentioned that in the script, and that's guiding -- getting a little bit more solid. A lot of it is -- about 15% of the pipeline is coalition countries that are deploying wideband, and interestingly enough, they're standardizing on our product, moving from 117Fs to 117Gs, and the balance is in Latin America. So it's in various pieces, but the growth is specific opportunities in some of those markets that I just mentioned.
William M. Brown: No, that is still true. And it's -- my comments there are very consistent with what we talked about last time. We did end the year, fiscal '13, very strong. We had unusually strong international margins based on the mix of what was in international. We did say, over the course of fiscal '14, as we see more international business and more systems business, that we'll see margins trending down over the course of the year. So we're not terribly surprised that we came in a little bit higher in Q1. It feels good. Dana and his team are performing exceptionally well on managing the various mix shifts and driving innovation, driving operational excellence. I think they're executing extremely, extremely well. We still see the full year coming at around 30%. We continued to invest in our business, and I made a specific -- maybe long-winded discussion around our R&D investment over the course of my prepared remarks to really drive home the point that as we do take out cost, we're investing, and we're investing quite a bit in that very, very important franchise we have in Tactical Communications. So we're investing in sales and marketing, in R&D, and we feel good about our ability to continue to take out cost and drive operational excellence in that segment, which remains really, really strong. So we're still at about 30% for the year and we think we've got a pretty good roadmap to achieve that, Joe.
William M. Brown: Sure. Yes, we saw a little bit disruption in the early part of October in some of our factories, mainly with the DCMA inspectors, when they were on furlough, they came back. Shortly thereafter it, very quickly, we got back in the business. So we didn't see much of a disruption on the product side based on the fact that the DCMA inspectors came back relatively quickly. In some of our IT business, we did see a couple of programs where the pencil is down for a couple of weeks. It was temporary. It was in the tens of people. Small, small numbers. So not a lot of big impact in our quarter. The bigger impact is that we see, and I think others have seen, is just the push out in awards. And that's going to take some time for the government to catch up with that. So overall, that's -- the impact is more push out on awards and less on sort of what would happen day-to-day in the early part of October. In terms of the shutdown and what's happening in DC, the shutdown is over, but here we are again, operating under a continuing resolution. And that's going to go on through mid-January when, obviously, sequestration could, in fact, get triggered again depending upon what happens. And the budget committee, I understand they're starting to meet this week and who's to say what's have going to happen over the 6 weeks. Will they create a budget? Will they do something that's different than what we're all expecting? We don't know. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. So for now, we're maintaining a pretty cautious view of where we are at on first half of the year, just as we previously expressed. We're not going to get into calling where we at in the first half versus second half. But we did say we'd be a bit more cautious in the first half, and I think that was an important point and it's playing out as we had thought just a couple of months ago. I think we had a good start in Q1. And we saw some encouraging news. We're focused on the actions that drive performance and generate solid free cash in the year. But as I said, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty, and we're managing through it just as best as we can.
William M. Brown: On NMCI, it comes in at relatively strong margins, and they're not going to be too terribly different than what we've seen in the past. They're quite a bit above the normal segment margins that we seen in IT Services. I don't think I would want to speculate as to what they happen to be, but that, Bill, does give us, I'd say, a little bit more upside on the IT Services side of INS. And that will offset probably a little bit more pressure in some other parts of INS segment, which is why I was sort of couching my remarks on the 8% to 10% for the year.
William M. Brown: I would say it has been running very, very strong, and we don't see that it's going to change much for the balance of the year.
William M. Brown: Well, we did expect that those ceiling increases would come. Obviously, we watch, as we draw down some of the existing ceilings and watched carefully as to how much is remaining, we weren't surprised that the increases happened. We can't really get into specifics as to how much is left or where the numbers happen to be. But when you take a $500 million increase a few quarters ago, another $850 million recently, that's some pretty healthy headroom in those 2 contracts just based on the increase that we have seen. So I think that's -- I'm not sure, there was another part to your question, Pete.
William M. Brown: No, no. We've got other things that we do. There's some that go direct. There's some other vehicles. So no, that represents some parts of our international business, but not all of it.
William M. Brown: Those, both the manpack and Rifleman, have been shifting to the right. Our expectation today, based on what we're hearing, is that the RFP on the Rifleman should come out around the Christmas time. And we think the manpack will follow 45 to 60 days after that possibly. But again, there's a lot of moving parts. And I think the shutdown and the budget debates, I think -- and I think part of it is the rethinking positively for Harris Corporation going from single vendor to multi-vendor is also causing a little bit of a shift in the timing. But that's when we think RFP is going to come out. The award time has not changed from the -- what we're hearing from the DoD, sometime in the summer of next year. But again, as you move the front end, it could move the back end a little bit. My understanding is they want some delivery orders prior to 15.1, so we think that is still the timing that they're shooting for.
William M. Brown: Yes, the applique is, we think, the award is going to come out sometime at the end of the year, around December.
William M. Brown: We understand, Chris, that the time for the -- a timely protest on MNVR expired yesterday. So we have the debriefings that happened, and we have heard nothing. So we are under the impression that there will be no protest.
William M. Brown: I think there would -- I wouldn't want to try to generalize it to any specific factor because they're very big, complicated awards. And the decision factor by the Royal Caribbean was probably a little bit different than Carnival. When you have thousands of people on your boats, and you have 100 boats in your fleet, and cruises going every year -- every week, rather. And the importance of people bringing devices on the boat is very, very important for the cruise line to pick a very reliable communications partner to handle interactions with their customers and their crew. And I think you were very, very thoughtful on this. This RFP went off for some time. It was price competitive. But they were looking for a solution. They were looking for reliability. They were looking for the ability to bring other communications technologies, not just VSAT, do things differently on the boat. So I think the variety of expertise that Harris Corporation has in the space, plus the financial backing of the corporation and the sort of wherewithal of our entity, I think, was some of the factors that went behind Carnival choosing us. But we feel very good about the award. We feel very good about where we're at with Royal Caribbean, and we see there's more opportunities in the space. In terms of the share, I think you can -- I'm not really sure exactly what the share is. You have 100 boats for Carnival and another 35, 34-ish for Royal Caribbean. So I think you can run the math from that. We're not going to be 60% of this segment at this point, I don't think.
William M. Brown: We're definitely not in a harvesting mode in GCS. In fact, when I talked a lot about investments in company-funded R&D in Tactical Communications, but we're substantially raising our company-funded R&D within the GCS segment as well. Geared towards, in many ways, a lot of the products that we sell, it's been very successful. We talked about this in an investor meeting 1.5 years ago or so. And we've seen the amount of product business we do at GCS come up. It keeps getting a little bit better. We see opportunities to extend some of that product business around the world into international markets. And we're investing to capture some of that. So it's not harvest. It's actually continuing to grow. I think Sheldon and his team have done an outstanding job in managing their programs and executing on the programs to continue to keep margins on an upward trajectory. And I think there's not much more to say about that. I think they've just done an outstanding job in that segment. Even in the first quarter, while the revenues were -- came in a little bit lighter than maybe people would've expected and sort of what we're guiding to for the year, even the revenue performance, I think, in the first quarter was pretty good. It -- outside of a pretty tough compare, which is really the first quarter only on GOES-R. Outside of that, the revenue would've been about flat. So they're off to a good start in the year as well on the top line, and as we talked before, pretty good on the margins as well.
William M. Brown: Yes, we're a little bit late in the release of a critical piece of software for the commercial health care market. We thought it would happen earlier in Q1. But it is launched. It's live in a couple of environments. It hasn't been very long, so the feedback is still very nascent, but no surprises. We keep a watch eye on it. We hope that that's going to be successful. We expect that that's going to be successful, and we'll see better performance at the back end of the year on the commercial side.
William M. Brown: Well, it's -- look, the healthcare process is a relatively small piece of our portfolio. The business is $200 million and the commercial side is $50 million or less. So it's -- right now, it's small. We're focused on getting the software deployment right, getting it working right in the space. And then once we do that, we'll see the effect it has on the portfolio for time. It's just too soon to say. Right now, it's really not a big part of Harris Corporation.
