William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam. And welcome to our Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'll begin today's call by turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Harris fourth quarter results represented a solid finish to fiscal 2012. Revenue was $1.4 billion. Non-GAAP income was $162 million and increased 4% over the prior year even though revenue declined by 6%. Operating income was higher in all 3 segments as a result of our productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.42 was up a strong 15% compared to $1.24 in the prior year, reflecting higher operating income and share repurchases. In addition, cash flow was particularly strong in the quarter and resulted in record free cash flow for the year. Our new wins and orders in the quarter were encouraging as we enter fiscal 2013. Total orders in the quarter were higher than revenue and increased in all 3 segments. Although total revenue declined as expected due to lower revenue in Tactical Communications and IT Services, we are gaining traction in each of our growth initiatives. Public Safety and Professional Communications continued along its strong growth trajectory and was up 12% in the quarter. In CapRock, demand was strong for satellite communications solutions, with revenue up 8% and orders up solidly double-digit over the prior year and also significantly higher than revenue. In Healthcare Solutions, revenue increased 69% off of a relatively small base driven by excellent momentum in government healthcare where funding remains solid. In Tactical Communications, we're managing through a transition in the U.S. DoD market from one previously driven by OPTEMPO to a modernization cycle driven by wideband technology where we're the clear leader and where we continue to win on innovation and affordability. In government communications, continuing strong execution is generating solid operating margins, with sales to the classified community and civil customers like the FAA offsetting weaker DoD customer spending. For the full fiscal year 2012, orders were $5.48 billion, up 8%, and revenue was $5.45 billion, up 1% over the prior year. Although non-GAAP income from continuing operations was down 5%, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 4% to $5.20. Overall, company results for the fourth quarter and full year demonstrate that our strategy for creating value in a tough government spending environment is working, successfully execute in our core businesses and in our growth initiatives, drive operational excellence to lower costs across the company, generate higher free cash flow and return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance outlook, and then I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions.
William M. Brown: Thank you, Gary. Our outlook for fiscal 2013 reflects what we believe will be another solid year in a challenging environment. We believe that the technology and innovation we bring to the marketplace are well aligned with our customers' spending priorities. Communications and ISR capabilities that we provide will allow the government to do more with less, and we provide those capabilities in more affordable solutions than our competitors. We are being smart about reducing costs and improving productivity so that we can continue to invest in R&D and the long-term success of our businesses, while at the same time driving value for shareholders by generating solid earnings and cash flow. And now we'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Sure. Well, first of all, as Gary mentioned, we do not contemplate sequestration in the guidance that we have given, but I think and that we all believe that a CR is a virtual certainty, much like it was last year. And that's going to provide in our fiscal second quarter some choppiness, I'd say, based on where our customers will end up deciding to shift some funding and what happens as we enter the start of GFY '13 under a continuing resolution. We're looking at a variety of scenarios in our business, much like everybody else's across-the-board 10% sort of bottoms-up programmatic type reductions. But based on little to no feedback from our customers on what they see happening and guidance from them as to what we should be contemplating, it's really a little bit premature for us to give us -- to give any sort of sense or guidance as to the impact of that going into fiscal year '13 or our fiscal year '13. That being said, we're not a big-platform player, Carter, as you know very, very well. We see the things that we do very much aligned with the DoD priorities of special operations, C4ISR solutions. And so we feel, versus – and relative to other players in the aerial defense industry, that we're going to be less impacted, though certainly not un-impacted, by a sequestration.
William M. Brown: Okay, good. Thank you, Joe. Well, first off, you're exactly right. Last time we spoke, in the last call, we gave some guidance around $0.25 a share as the integration expenses for integrating both Carefx as well as the suite of companies that we now call CapRock, so it's CapRock, Schlumberger, Core180. And in the reported results, it was $0.40 so it was $0.15 more. That's going from about $42 million to $58 million or $60 million higher in the fourth quarter than we would've indicated at the end of the third quarter, and that is investment in integration of both the CapRock franchise and Carefx, a little bit more on Carefx than on CapRock. We saw some additional opportunities. We've seen our profitability in the healthcare franchise not be what it is, or what we think it could be or should be, and we took some tougher actions in the quarter to drive profitability and achieve our targets longer term. I recall in -- back in early June when we talked about -- at our Investor Day, we talked very -- about very significant improvements in FY '13: 400 basis points of margin improvement in CapRock, driving healthcare from a deep loss to profitability in '13. And we're thinking we -- we think we've taken the actions we need to take to position ourselves for success in '13 and beyond. As you know, any further charges won't be absorbed below the line. It will be directly in our reported GAAP income and -- but we think a lot of the activities, a lot of the costs are now behind us. Going into BCD, we've just initiated the process. We're out in the marketplace with offering materials. The response so far has been very, very good. We expect bids in the next few weeks and we'll expect to conclude a transaction by the end of the year as -- end of the calendar year, as we’ve said last time, and we're on track for that.
William M. Brown: It still very, very early, Joe. And I think, more than likely, we'll wait until we actually get a deal done in order to give some color to investors around proceeds.
William M. Brown: Yes. I mean, first, we went from what was 3% to 4% growth in INS next year to about 4% to 5%, so it's about 1 point improvement. And the reality, Noah, came more from a reduction in our actual fiscal '12 revenue, as opposed to sort of increase in revenue in fiscal '13. We held our revenue in '13 because we were confident that we can achieve those numbers going into next year. So that's what really drove it up by that 1 percentage point, which, in context, is about $15 million, so it's not that material. In fiscal year '12, as you know, we saw CapRock and Healthcare Solutions well more than offset the reduction -- the decline in IT Services. We see -- going into '13, we expect very solid growth, in both CapRock as well as in Healthcare Solutions, at or more than market growth rates and we laid that out in our Investor Meeting early in June. And we do expect that, that is going to more than offset a flat to down IT Services market. Clearly, the environment on IT Services today is pretty tough. And we do see the roll off of the Patriot laws that happened early in 2011 -- or late in fiscal 2011, and that's going to continue to roll off with the first and second quarter of fiscal '13, so -- but if you remember, we took our margin guidance down on IT Services in early June by about 200 basis points. So it's not a very profitable business so big moves in IT Services, up or down, won't affect our overall profitability in -- at Harris that much.
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to provide any sort of quarterly guidance on healthcare. But if you run the numbers from FY '12, we had a pretty deep operating loss in that segment, and we will drive it to profitability over the course of next year.
William M. Brown: Again, I'm not sure we're going to provide -- in fact, I know we're not going to provide quarterly guidance. But that would not be an unfair assumption. But Noah, it'll be profitable in FY '13.
William M. Brown: Well, so far, we've won the GMR MNVR requirement for Capability Set 13 and that was won at the early part of fiscal '12. And -- but the MNVR RFP still isn't out. It's coming out in August. We'll have a solution, we'll bid for it and we think we're going to be very, very competitive.
William M. Brown: Well, there's really a couple of things that are going to drive the improvement in healthcare going into next year. Part of it is just the savings that we're going to reap from some of the restructuring actions we've taken at the back end of fiscal '12, but there's -- beyond that, strategically, there's 2 things. One is there is going to be product upgrades, as well as important developments in the channel. On the product side, what we said last time is very much consistent today. Is that the market is still evolving, the needs of our customers are still evolving with that, and that's requiring us to do a bit more customization in our software product when we deliver to the customers, which is why we're losing money in that particular segment. Going forward, we're developing a software platform that is going to be a whole lot easier to customize or -- for a given customer situation, so we won't see that level of customization in the future, and that's progressing very, very well. And we're doing well rebuilding the indirect channel that we have in that particular business. So we're confident that we've got the right plan, the right people working on the initiatives to drive healthcare to profitability next year.
William M. Brown: Well, on NMCI, we are the incumbent, so the slow environment in IT Services as a whole works in our favor because it just extends out the contract that we happen to have and it sort of preserves our earnings going into fiscal year '13. The RFP for the recompete was received in May. As you know, it's called NGEN. But the submittal time frame was delayed very recently by about 3 weeks to early August, so as we see it, it's pretty likely that there is going to be an award on NGEN much before March of 2013. So it's -- really, we don't see this NMCI recompete to have much, in fact, any impact on our fiscal '13 numbers. We think we're in a very strong competitive position in the things that we're bidding and we feel very confident that we'll come out on top in NGEN. In terms of the size, Dan, do you want to comment on potential size of the deal? I think it's going to be a little bit bigger than we've seen so far in NMCI.
William M. Brown: I don't think we give detail down below GCS, but I would say that the early part of the year was quite strong and we ended pretty strong on the segment which we call national intelligence, which is primarily classified program. So overall, a pretty strong year, and we expect to continue the strong year in 2013.
William M. Brown: Well, okay. I mean, maybe I'll start with that while Gary and Pam are looking at -- looking for the funded backlog numbers. Just on the international Tactical Communications, we're coming off of a very, very strong fiscal 2012, with both revenues and orders growth being very strong for us. In fact, the revenues in Tactical Communications international achieved a record level in fiscal year '12 and both grew -- both revenues and orders grew solidly double digit year-over-year. So we're coming off of a very strong international tactical year that we had. We're very well positioned competitively. We're investing in lots of new products and capabilities to continue to grow the addressable market that we happen to have. We've got a very healthy pipeline, as Gary went through in his prepared remarks. The opportunities, though, will likely come in the tens of millions, not hundreds of millions like we saw with Australia this past fiscal year, that was unusually large. As we always say, the timing of these orders are very hard to predict. It's very, very lumpy. But we feel good about the pipeline. We see the political climate in Pakistan a lot better today than I would have said 6 months ago, but who knows what it's going to be in the next 6 to 12 months. So Pakistan is -- seems to be improving. We see opportunities in Iraq firming up. Gary referenced Jordan as some very good opportunities in the pipeline has come up pretty substantially since the last time we spoke and we've booked quite a bit of orders, about $60 million worth of orders that have been booked very, very recently. We also see good opportunities longer term in Brazil. It's progressing. We're still in the early stages, but we see good long-term growth opportunities in Brazil. And I'd say also Saudi and the UAE are both good opportunities for us over the medium term. So we feel good overall about the pipeline we have in international and those prospects which I just went through. So I don't know if you've got any perspective on the backlog or...
William M. Brown: On the first one, I would say we're very deep in the integration process. If this was football season, I'd say we were deep in the fourth quarter, but we're not spiking the ball yet. We've got some things we're still working on, but we're pretty far advanced on integration. There's also going to be, longer term, clearly some things we're going to do to drive continuous improvement in CapRock that will help us extend beyond the 400 basis points of improvement we are expecting to see in fiscal year '13. So I think we're doing -- we're progressing well. There's more opportunity that still remains ahead of us. And I'll let Dan maybe comment on the government environment on CapRock.
William M. Brown: Yes, really, I think it's across all 3 of them. And we spent a fair amount of time talking about the strategy in each piece at the end Investor Day. The -- we know that the energy market is growing solidly double-digit and we feel good that we're at least holding our own, I would say, probably gaining share. Maritime is also growing quite a bit and we are gaining share in the maritime segment. We talked about and Gary mentioned again today about Royal Caribbean. You can imagine that when one very large cruise line operator goes to the type of a broadband capacity on a boat that Royal Caribbean is, it's going to spur other players in the industry to do the same thing. So we continue to be encouraged by opportunities in maritime. And Dan just spoke a bit about government. So Chris, really, all across 3, we see very good, strong opportunities.
William M. Brown: We had a very strong fourth quarter. The margins were up hundreds of basis points and solidly above 10%, so solidly double digit, for the year, came in just below 10%. For next year, we think it'll be again just below 10% as we make some investments in LTE both in R&D as well as in sales and marketing expenses to position us for very good, strong top line and bottom life -- bottom line growth going forward. That being said, we still see that business to be sort of a low- to mid-teens business longer term on EBIT loss [ph].
William M. Brown: Well, it's a very interesting series events, got them over the last couple of weeks, which as you would imagine we're following very, very closely, as a lot of other people are. We certainly respect the decision that Undersecretary Kendall made to do what's right for the war fighter, for the taxpayer, by not approving a radio that the Director of OT&E said wasn't ready for fielding. It shows, at least to us, a lot of integrity in the process. The decisions are being made when products are ready for fielding. And at the end of the day, that's what these NIEs really are all about, and it does show integrity in the process that's been laid out by the Undersecretary. We're encouraged by the comments that Secretary Kendall was making around competition. We think that's very encouraging like GMR, like the [indiscernible] handheld, like the SRW appliqué, like Rifleman Radio. We see HMS is also going to go strongly towards open competitive environment over time. And that message that is being -- that is coming out of the Pentagon is also one that's been well supported by members of the Congress because it's the right thing to do for the war fighter, for -- and for the taxpayer as a whole. Our radios have been performing very, very well. They've been fielded on the battlefield, they're NSA-certified. And at the end of the day, as we said in early June and as Dan had clearly laid out, we're going to ultimately win in this space on innovation, on affordability and, importantly, speed, speed of execution. So we follow the DAB and what's been coming out of the Pentagon as very, very closely. And we respect the decision that the Undersecretary has made.
William M. Brown: Well, as -- we guided next year to margins of 30% to 31% in the RF segment and we talked at some fair detail as to how that's -- what's causing that margin to come down from where it has been this year and in the past. Part of it is mix and volume and pricing in tactical and part of it is some investments that we've made in R&D as well as in sales and marketing expenses. So Gautam, I think you're right on with tactical coming down mid- to high-single digits next year and PSPC growing, and we all know that PSPC comes in at a lower overall margin. That does sort of compress the margin expectations next year in that particular segment. But again, I come back, over the longer term, we feel good about being able to preserve our margins in both tactical and grow our margins in public safety over the long time -- over the long period. So we feel good about our prospects there, and again I think Daniel laid out his strategy for achieving that pretty clearly in early June.
William M. Brown: Well, right now, what we're focused on is making sure that we make the proper, smart investments in fiscal year '13. It will compress our margins a little bit, it won’t be down year-over-year, but be sort of consistent with where we ended at fiscal year '12, as we mix the right investments to position that business for longer-term success. Longer term, we've got lots of opportunities to drive efficiency, productivity, operational excellence throughout public safety. Dan and his team have a beat on this, they're working very, very hard on this. And that this is the margins we'll expand over time. It could be into the low teens to mid teens, but again we're focused right now on delivering fiscal year '13.
William M. Brown: I think -- Pete, this is Dan. I think what -- clearly, the clear message was that, and if you read the release, what the Undersecretary did was he said, "Okay, I'm going to give the service that has the most intra-radios control over it, " and that, basically, no shock to any of us, we don't think it changes much in what's going on. And clearly, we're going to continue to work with the army, as the new executive officer, whether it's PEO C3T or whoever it is when they get it all done. We don't think it changes much. Innovation and our agility and affordability will still win out no matter who the JPEO is.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. I'll just go to the kind of high-level things, Noah, that are helping us, giving us more comfort. Obviously, we're very early in the transition from -- moving from narrowband to wideband networking capabilities. We're looking at a commitment from the army to open and competitive procurement, which we think bids well for us, as well as -- SOCOM is going to have increasing importance and we're very competitively strong there. So that's all the points Bill mentioned. And if you look at the macro trends of what's going on with this movement to modernization, I think it gives us comfort that we've got it pegged about right.
Gary L. McArthur: The actuals in '12 with regards to where we come out was, I think, on the revenue line, we ended up being around 51% coming from U.S. DoD, 49% of revenue coming from international. Orders were higher international than domestic. And then in '13 we do expect that orders will be -- orders and revenue will both be higher than -- in international than in domestic. I think that's about as much color as we want to give on '12 on the international and the tactical U.S. DoD side.
Gary L. McArthur: Sure. This is Gary. In the quarter, we repurchased around 600,000 shares for roughly $25 million at an average per share price of $41.43. That brings the total share buyback to the year of 12.2 million shares, spending roughly $467 million at an average share price of $38.14. So in total for the year, we reduced our outstanding share count as of what was outstanding as of the beginning of the year by about 9.9%.
Gary L. McArthur: I do. Just again, these numbers are probably not totally final at the moment, but funded backlog is roughly $3.1 billion. And if I go to the components, it's roughly $1.3 billion at RF and roughly $931 billion at Integrated Network Solutions. And then at Government Communications Systems, it's $875 million.
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, it's Dan. It would be about the same. Again, all our customers are having the same degree of angst about what it is, what's the 10% cut. Clearly, we believe -- in some of our areas, if the guidance from OMB gives them some flexibility, we think some of the FAA work we do in the GOES-R work will be fairly well protected because it’s so mission critical. But in general, our customers similar to the DoD are still doing a lot of scenario planning, waiting to see what the guidance will come out and how it will play out from the government, so it's not much different.
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, I think -- and again, that's where the decision will come out from OMB, how they'll implement it. If they do a 10% to 12% across-the-board cut, it could be that we're -- bad if they go program by program. We don't personally think they'll do that, but again, my Ouija board is no better than anybody else's at this point.
Daniel R. Pearson: It's fluctuating around, let me just clarify a little bit. As Bill said, we are the current provider, the transport section for the NMCI program, HP EDS being the "prime." So there's 2 pieces, right, transport and enterprise. We have formed a team and we're priming the transport piece, it will be hundreds of millions of dollars over a multiple-year period. And we're on the CSC team for enterprise. So again from the perspective of what it would mean from us from a revenue perspective, it's about the same as it will be for NMCI to NGEN, maybe a little bit bigger, but it -- again, that's moving up and down.
Daniel R. Pearson: Chris, I think, with the WGS Ka service, obviously we'll keep an eye on that, as we will the commercial services. But again, for most of the applications that we have currently, the C, X, Ku still is clearly the mission-critical kind of things we still see driving our business.
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, Joe, this is Dan. First of all, the SRW, what we are is the integrating service contractor, so similar to what GD does for WNW. The JTRS JPEO has picked somebody who keeps up with the waveform, keeps it enhanced and keeps it current in the library. That's our job on that particular one. SRW and ANW2 are part of a family of waveforms. SRW is at the lower -- lowest level of the echelon and ANW is higher than that, so they don't, in essence, compete with each other, so...
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, no. I think what it means is we've always been in the -- working with the library on JTRS from day one, holding things out of the library whether it be WNW, SRW, MUOS, whatever they are, and put them on our radios. I think, as we go longer term, we're moving to a situation where we're going to continue to press the government. And with the proprietary, as you called it, ANW2, we're working actively with them to put that into the library. So there's no long-term plan on anybody's part not to have all these in the library and open sourced to everybody, all waveforms.
