Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Just to remind you, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and supplement GAAP results in our other quarterly earnings material. Turning now to segment detail on slide 4. Communication Systems segment revenue was $431 million and down 5% compared to prior year. Tactical Communications was down 6%, primarily as a result of lower international SINCGARS sales. Public Safety was down 1%. Operating income was $119 million compared with $138 million in the prior year, driven by lower volume and mix. On slide 10, we have again included historical information for legacy tactical, orders, revenue and backlog. Space and Intelligence Systems on slide 5. Revenue was $453 million and up 4% compared to prior year. This was driven by higher revenue from intelligence community customers and from Radiation Budget Instrument program called RBI to provide sensors for monitoring climate change and global warming on NASA's Joint Polar Satellite System. Operating income was $80 million compared with $68 million in the prior year, driven by continued strong program performance and higher pension income. Electronic Systems on slide 6. Revenue was $361 million and up 2% on an organic basis compared to prior year, excluding $19 million of revenue from Aerostructures business that was divested in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Higher revenue from initial ramp of recently awarded integrated battle management systems in Middle East and from electronic warfare solutions was partially offset by lower wireless product sales. Operating income was $74 million compared with $69 million in the prior year. In addition to the electronic warfare contracts that Bill mentioned, Harris received $35 million in follow-on contracts for the F-35 program. Critical Networks on slide 7. Revenue was $527 million and down 7% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from FAA's NextGen modernization program was more than offset by lower revenue in IT services, down $13 million and in CapRock's commercial business down $25 million. IT services revenue, it was in line with expectations of it stabilizing in the $225 million to $250 million per quarter range and CapRock commercial is now at approximately $75 million per quarter. Operating income was $66 million compared with $63 million in the prior year. On top of what was already mentioned, Harris was awarded a five-year $125 million single award IDIQ for IT services from a classified customer. This extends a 25-year relationship and reflects a business development focus in the intelligence community. Moving to slide 8 and 9. Fiscal 2017 guidance remains unchanged with GAAP EPS guidance in the range of $5.53 to $5.73 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $5.70 to $5.90. As previously communicated, the EPS guidance reflects $150 million in share repurchases for the year. Total company revenue guidance is unchanged in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, down 1% to 4% on an organic basis, excluding revenue from Aerostructures divestiture. Outlook by segment and other details outlined in the slide also remain unchanged, including generating an expected $800 million in free cash flow for the full year. Although the first quarter tax rate was 27.5%, we still expect a full year tax rate of 31%. Our expected 31% rate reflected adoption of the new accounting standard of stock compensation and the benefit occurred primarily in the first quarter. The remaining three quarters are expected to average 32%, varying quarter-to-quarter depending on specific tax timing differences. We will update fiscal 2017 guidance once CapRock transaction closes. Now, I will hand it back to Bill for a few closing comments.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: It's relatively small. I think it's in tens of millions at this point. So it's going to be low for this quarter. It will come lower as we roll this thing out. It will come in phases.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, so Gautam, our overall share count kind of on the diluted share count is about flat. We ended Q4 at 125.3 million, and we ended Q1 at 125.5 million. So that's where we are.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So as Bill mentioned, our current plan is that we'll use slightly more than half the proceeds to pay down debt and slightly less than half for share buyback. What we have to – what we are balancing here, Gautam, is just we have of high debt to EBITDA ratios and we have commitments to our debt rating agency. So we're balancing that, and we have an aggressive debt buyback – debt paydown goal. So that is the objective at this point.
William M. Brown: Okay, well thank you, Rahul. Overall, we had a good start to the year, delivering solid financial results and making excellent progress on our key strategic priorities. We're maintaining guidance for the year and we anticipate that the continuing resolution will extend to the balance of the calendar year and constrain spending as it typically does until a budget is passed. We'll continue to enhance shareholder value by optimizing our business portfolio, deleveraging, reinvesting to drive future growth and allocating capital in a shareholder friendly way. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, Seth, thank you for the question. I'm not going to comment on any potential plans. We simply don't – we don't do that. I think we feel good about the transaction we're announcing today on selling the CapRock commercial business. And we've got a pretty strong track record here of looking pretty objectively at the businesses that we're in and assessing which fit and which do not. And I take you back to the broadcast business and commercial healthcare and Aerostructures, now, the commercial CapRock business, and we continue to look pretty objectively at the portfolio that we have and assess what fits in and what does not. I would say that I've been pretty consistent in commenting that we want to be in businesses where technology can differentiate our offering in the marketplace, that's very important to us. Of course, we look at strategic fit and performance of the business, but that is certainly the bar, the milestone that we're tracking there, and we'll say more as the time goes on, but nothing more to report today.
William M. Brown: Yeah, it reflects both. I mean it's down year-over-year; its flat sequentially. Part of it is volumes of the tactical comms business, not just radio, but tactical comms, it's a bit less favorable mix. We had slightly more sustainment services business in Q1, a little more front-end loaded R&D, which should mitigate a little bit over the course of the year, of course, these things move quarter-to-quarter, but over the balance of the year, we'll expect better mix, and we do expect us to achieve the guidance margins for the year of about 30%.
William M. Brown: Yeah, we're selling for $425 million, so cash will be a little bit below that, probably over $400 million. We're going to use it for both debt pay down and share repurchases, probably a little bit more than half on debt, a little less than half on share buyback. On an annual basis, we would expect it to be about $0.04 dilutive.
William M. Brown: Yeah, we feel really good about the performance in electronic warfare, had really strong bookings, really throughout last year. Orders doubled, backlog grew quite a bit, book-to-bill was stronger than one, and coming out of the first quarter, good revenue growth, but also good strong bookings, we feel very good about that business. This is – again, we've got very strong positions in a number of legacy platforms that require modernization upgrades. There is new threats on the horizon. Our military has talked quite a bit about that, and our aircraft need to be upgraded. And we certainly have a great position on F-18, on international F-16s, and large aircraft like B-1B, C-130 and the B-52 has been an important driver of our bookings and future growth. So we feel very good about where we're at today on electronic warfare. We continue to invest in smaller sizeable in-power (19:51) platforms. We've got a good position on the classified side. And over time, when you compare Harris' front-end phased array technology with electronic warfare capabilities from Exelis in the back-end, that capability is pretty special. So we feel good about where we stand today in electronic warfare.
William M. Brown: Well, we see, sort of going back a number of years, we've been operating under a CR at the beginning of the government fiscal year. So we tend to see some end of your money getting spent bookings and revenue and that had to slow down a little bit in the second quarter. So we would expect a normal friction we would typically see in our Q2, as we typically have seen in a CR – under a CR (21:28) improving in the back half of the year.
William M. Brown: Well, the bookings we saw which were pretty good on the tactical side are relatively quick turn orders. I mean that's a short cycle business, so the majority of that will turn in the year and that's positive for us, but it depends on the business. There are some parts of the company that are longer cycle. The very long – the big order we got in the State of Florida is going to happen over the next decade effectively. Some of the EW orders are going to be over the next three years, four years. So it depends on the business. Our longer cycle businesses tend to be in the ES segment and Space and Intel segment, and of course, the shorter cycle orders are going to come in our tactic or CS side.
William M. Brown: Well, we're not seeing anything better today than we did over the last three months to six months. It's the same factors that we've been talking about that continue to impact that region, certainly, low oil prices which seem to be going down even further or causing budgetary pressures. We know the conflicts in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, it's driving some instability. Some of the funding is going more towards munitions than communications. But I would say that we've seen some opportunities firm up in a couple of areas like Jordan and the UAE. In Jordan, we booked an order here in the first quarter. We see more opportunities on the horizon. Saudi continues at a relatively low level. 2016 came down from 2015, but we don't see another big step-down in 2017. It right now is running at a relatively low level as we see it. There's some pressure in Iraq just because of the strike in the (23:46) country, but the opportunity we see on the horizon in Iraq are very, very sizeable. It's probably the biggest opportunity overall in our long-term pipeline. So it's a mixed bag within the Middle East, but not much of the story has changed over the last three months to six months. Some of the slips that happened from 2016 into 2017, we have started to book, and we'll continue to do that in Q2 and Q3. So thank you, Rob.
William M. Brown: Yeah, I think we said that was around $60 million worth of orders did not happen in Q4. A little more than half was international and that did slip into the year into Q1. So it was like $30 million, $35 million in that range and, yeah, we pick those up in Q1 effectively as part of our release. The other part was the DoD side and that was just general slowness and some friction cautious buying behavior on the part of some of the acquisition folks. So that was not necessarily a slip. Certainly, the international piece that moved into Q1 did happen.
William M. Brown: Yeah, I'm not going to comment on the tax basis for services, but services is around $1 billion business, and there's no tax leakage on the CapRock transaction.
William M. Brown: Well, yeah, let me start with Australia. I mean it's still a big opportunity on horizon, and it's on the order of in total about $600 million or little less than that, but they decided to split it into two pieces, as I mentioned on the last call, and we still expect about half a book towards the back-end of our fiscal year, the other sometime into 2018 or beyond. So we feel very good about the progress there and our position on that particular opportunity. On the Manpack, it continues to progress. We are one of three awardees. It's a very sizeable contract. We complete the qualification test. The customer testing should happen early in fiscal 2017, so with the next three months or four months, and then, it will go into – a delivery order procurement will be made by – decision will be made by August, I believe, of next year, with deliveries off of that starting about a year from now and then, continuing into early calendar 2018, so that has not moved out in terms of the delivery timeframe on the back end. On the other one, which is important is Rifleman. We're one of two vendors, us and Telus (27:37) and you recall it's a $3.9 billion IDIQ, we've gotten through a qual test and customer test. It was for a single channel radio, but you recall that left a big part of the overall war value with the opportunity for a two-channel radio, and it does sound like the Army is looking to perhaps accelerate the purchase of a two-channel radio. They saw the opportunity, the radio we have with SOCOM, which is a single vendor award that we have as Harris Corporation. They sold the radio. There is a possibility they will accelerate the purchase of a two-channel radio which I think will be relatively good news for Harris since we're well-positioned on that particular opportunity. And you saw in Q1 or at least I mentioned in Q1 that we had a milestone C approval on mid-tier radio with half of the opportunity recognized in Q1, the other half will come sometime later in our fiscal 2017. So overall, I think good progress. MUOS, we're very pleased with receiving NSA cert and to see initial fielding of that capability. Keep in mind there's 30,000 117Gs in the field that have the possibility of being upgraded with the MUOS waveform. And as that happens, since the development is all behind us and it's a software load, it comes down to us at a relatively high margin, so all of which I think is good progress in the quarter got them. The last one I would mention is on SOCOM, I think the very important one, and that's a two-channel radio that continues to progress. We're investing in it and we still see that on track for deliveries about a year from now.
William M. Brown: That's certainly the trajectory that we're on and the hope that we have. Right now, we came out of the gates in Q1 very, very strong and I think we're pleased about that. And we always hope for – as we expect growth in 2018 and beyond, we certainly hope for good positive bookings in this year that would lead us into growth in 2018.
William M. Brown: Yeah. I think see, we're probably down about 40% peak to trough at this point. And from the way we see it today, the Middle East should – may be down slightly more again in 2017, but it depends on the timing of some opportunities in Iraq, again Jordan looks pretty good, UAE looks pretty good, a couple of other things are progressing pretty well in the quarter what we see in the balance of the year. And the funding support from the U.S. government still remains pretty robust. So we don't see a big step-down in the Middle East, but that's where we see it today.
William M. Brown: It's about – on the order of about 25%, 30% of the international business, international about two-thirds of the total tactical, legacy tactical. So it will be a little bit less than that of course.
William M. Brown: It's at a relatively low rate. It's mostly international business. There's still some sustainment work going on with the U.S. military, but a lot of that business is international and is experiencing some of the same challenges in our legacy tactical business, a lot being sold into the Middle East. And as you know, we talked about a pretty good opportunity that's been sitting out on the horizon in Saudi Arabia. It's in the $40 million to $50 million range for SINCGARS, and that still remains towards the back end of the year, but that would be the next big opportunity on the horizon, but it's at a relatively low rate.
William M. Brown: This is a very big important opportunity for us, because today, we've won the state law enforcement radio system in Florida, and we've been doing that for 15 years, now through 10 hurricanes without a single outage. So we feel very good about that, and that credibility alongside of our reputation with the FAA allowed us to beat a very large telco out of a pretty substantial contract interconnecting a bunch of offices to the State of Florida. So we feel very good about the position that we happen to be in here, and it's going to roll itself out over the next decade or so.
William M. Brown: It's about 1 million shares. So with the buyback in Q1, we held our share count I think, Rahul, about flat.
William M. Brown: Well, we expect it to be over 1. And I think that was a comment I was trying to make earlier today, which is as we go forward into and think about fiscal 2018, we still see some important elements that will drive growth. We see good performance in our longer cycle businesses in Space and Intel and Electronic Systems. We came off of a back half of 2016 with good growth. We had good orders. We ended with higher backlog. We came out of Q1 with good growth, higher backlog, good orders, and that will carry us into fiscal 2018. As we go through this year and we look out into 2018, we still see strong Army monetization opportunities, SOCOM monetization opportunities, Australia will start to come into the picture, and we still see good opportunities to grow that business in fiscal 2018. So that would require us to have a pretty solid bookings through the year. We're early in the year. We had a great start.
William M. Brown: Well, it's also early in the year. I mean you don't win a football game in the first quarter. You got three more to go.
William M. Brown: And I'll continue to give you an update on the way we see the market, the environment, the opportunities we're chasing, as we go through the year. I think as we've done pretty clearly, over the last couple of years, we'll communicate as much as we can, but right now, we expect and our folks up in the tactical business expect that we'll have a good year and a book-to-bill over 1. And I think, at this point, that's all we're able to communicate.
William M. Brown: Sure. We expect revenue in that CapRock commercial business this year at about $300 million. We did about $75 million and we're sort of at a level run rate for the year, so about $300 million. And it's a mid single-digit ROS business, so call it, 5% to 6%. And it's got $35 million, $37 million of D&A. So that can help you with some of the metrics.
