William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Mick. The core of our company is providing mission-critical, advanced communications that are differentiated through innovation and technology. This is reading through in our solid results this quarter and our expectations for the year. Our commercial business model gives us a competitive advantage in the speed in which we develop and field new products with attractive margins. Our commitment to innovation will continue to bear fruit as the DoD adapts to operating under constrained budgets and relies more on industry to invest in new technologies that create affordable solutions that can be delivered quickly. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: Well, Lucy. First of all, thank you very much for the question. As I mentioned, the pipeline overall for international -- and I think you're referring specifically to the Tactical business, so let me just clarify that. The total pipeline is $2.3 billion. It was $2.2 billion last time. So it's still pretty good, and we've got about $900 million that are in the sort of the final stages, closure or proposal stage. So we're feeling pretty good about the advancement of opportunities through the pipeline. To your point about the Middle East, well, more than half of our pipeline is for the Middle East and Asia, and it really does relate to those issues I've talked about in the past, the security issues we do see, the U.S. pulling back from those markets. Iraq is a very big opportunity for us, and we've been working on this for a number of years. We've got an extremely good dealer in place there. It's probably one of the biggest multiyear opportunities that Harris and Tactical faces. We just yesterday were able to confirm that we received our very first order in the last couple of years in Iraq. It's for $15 million. So that is going to be booked in the coming days. We received confirmation last night. So that to me, Lucy, is good encouragement that these opportunities that we've been talking about for quite some time in Iraq are progressing, and we do see opportunities that are quite a bit larger than that in the near-term pipeline. We continue to have very, very strong business with that country in Northern Africa that we've talked about before. The UAE is a very big opportunity for us, as is Saudi, and we booked a number opportunities over the last year, year and a half. And we see more coming down the path. And that's a little more than half of our total pipeline for international. The other 25% or so is coalition countries that are deploying wideband. That's gaining some strength. We see continued -- about 15% of our pipeline in Latin America, in Brazil, Columbia, Mexico, remain the biggest opportunities in those marketplaces. But of course, there's other opportunities really around the world that are a little bit smaller in nature. But clearly, the biggest opportunity is in the Middle East, and I'm glad to be able to say that we've seen one come through the pipe late last night in Iraq. So thank you, Lucy.
William M. Brown: Well, I think we're very well positioned. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were 1 of 2 that have actually been selling SRW appliqués to the Army. They've been tested. We have actually 2 solutions that were bid. Of course, as you saw in the press release, there's 4 companies that received IDIQ awards, but we feel very good, very well positioned. And frankly, we're encouraged about the size of the IDIQ, $988 million total contract value, total possibility. And we're also encouraged by the fact that it is now finally out in the street and awarded, which means that there's some intention to place some orders against it, Lucy. So we're encouraged.
William M. Brown: Well, the revenue was up quite a bit in the quarter only because -- partly because of the easy compare, and I think we acknowledged that in the prepared remarks last year around third quarter. You remember, with sequestration being triggered, that caused some disruption in the business. But tactical international was extremely strong in the quarter, and that was the big driver in our third quarter. On the margin side, we did see very, very good margins over the course of the first 3 quarters of the year sort of on average for RF Comm in the 31.5% range. Of course, Mick did mention that we had a modest out-of-period adjustment that did help us in Q3 in the RF Comm segment. We've been saying before, and I'll mention it again today, that we do see our R&D investments, sales and marketing investments, ramping quite a bit. It didn't ramp as much in Q3 as we had anticipated, but they certainly will ramp pretty steeply in Q4 primarily for these modernization opportunities in the manpack and the MUOS developments that we've been focused on and I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we do see a pretty substantial ramp in investment coming in Q4. And also, we're a little bit impacted in the quarter by mix in the international side. So through the year, we're still in that 30.5% to 31%, and we feel pretty good about where we happen to be. And I think if you look at the numbers closely, you'll see that we're going to be up sequentially in Q4 from Q3.
William M. Brown: Yes, I would say, look, we -- we're floating around $900 million to $1 billion. And frankly, we're encouraged it's stable. I wouldn't read too much versus into $900 million versus $1 billion. Of course, you know that we get funding not just for those -- from those typical line items you see. At the high level, in comes in lots of line items buried in budgets, including from some O&M accounts. So I wouldn't -- yes, we're aware of some of the push-out of some of the bigger things that we've talked about in Army modernization, but there's lots of line items that drive it. So we feel comfortable at about $1 billion of pipeline. We are seeing, with the drawdown of activities in Iraq drawn down and Afghanistan drawing down, that there are some reset opportunities that are coming to bear. There are some modernization opportunities outside of the Army that are entering the pipeline. More than half of our pipeline itself is Air Force, Marine Corps, SOCOM modernization. And we've said before, they standardized on the Falcon III technology. So that still remains robust. And -- but if you go into the line item details, SOCOM funding remains pretty strong. We only see about 10% of our total pipeline related to Army BCT modernization. We do see a lot of other Army programs unrelated to modernization in our pipeline. So overall, about $1 billion, floating between $900 million and $1 billion. But again, I'm encouraged that's remaining about flat in the environment we happen to be in here.
William M. Brown: Yes, no, it's -- well, first of all, it's still very, very uncertain because in the President's budget, it assumes sequestration resolved, as you know, in GFY '16. That's still a wildcard out there. We know that. We recognize that. If you look in his budget for '16, all of the funding line items come back, snap back up. But we'll see, as the next year or 2 go by, whether that's actually going to take place. There is -- there are unspent funds in the JTRS procurement line items from prior years. It's in that range of $300 million, plus or minus. And there's -- I think with a little bit more coming in GFY '15, about $185 million, I think, is what's in the President's budget, we feel pretty good about the overall level of funding. The -- when we'll -- we talk about our own profile here, we've said that the JTRS Army modernization opportunities won't be impacting our fiscal '15. If anything, they're going to start to roll in, in our fiscal '16, and we've said that in our last call as well.
William M. Brown: Yes, within -- yes, within INS, most of the positive benefit affected the IT Services business, and most of the negative benefit was booked within the CapRock segment.
William M. Brown: Yes, I think HITS was -- the IT Services business was down, as well as the government part of both CapRock and Healthcare were both down. And they were down pretty substantially in the quarter HITS. So in the sort of the in the 10%-ish range. And the other 2 businesses are down in -- north of 20%. But what we're encouraged by was the growth on the commercial side of CapRock, which was up in the quarter by 6% reported. When we adjust for this out-of-period adjustment that Mick mentioned, that affected revenue as well, CapRock commercial was up about 12% in the quarter. So hopefully, that hit the question, Carter.
William M. Brown: Well, look, we've -- we have to grow the business. What I was encouraged about over the last 3 or 4 months is that the solution that we call FusionFX now, that the solution that's now installed and operating at 3 different customers, 29 hospitals, is stable, is performing well. Customer are excited about it. There's more clinicians coming on to the system, more patients coming on to the system. And I'm encouraged by this very complicated piece of software is stable. And that was our first hurdle to get over, was getting a piece of technology that worked, and I think we have something. Now what we have to do is find partners to help us grow and scale the business. This -- Harris is not -- does not have deep domain expertise in commercial health care. We don't have a robust channel that's built. And we're going to need some support, some partner help in growing our business. It will need to grow pretty substantially on the commercial side for us to reach profitability. But it's more important -- not so much the size, but as -- the mix has to shift from installing systems to converting to license revenue. And that will happen, Carter, as we bring on more customers and start to grow the business and scale the business.
William M. Brown: Well, look, as we talked about last time, the -- in Public Safety, the issues that we're seeing is both market and execution. And I talked a lot about last time some of the sort of executional issues that we're seeing. Some of it is delayed rollouts of some systems. There are some customer issues that are associated with that. Some of it is getting in early enough on large procurements so we can shape the RFPs where we're adding sales and marketing resources, we're adding resources to improve our product offering. All of those things, we're working on. We've got some new leadership in place. We're augmenting our teams. But as I cautioned last time, these things will take time. They won't fix themselves over 1 or 2 quarters. It'll take a little bit of time. What we're also facing now today, though, Chris, is a weaker environment, and that is a little bit worse than we expected last quarter. And I think as our peers and competitors in the space will report, we're all seeing a bit of weakness. Part of it may be some of the rebanding that happened 1.5 years, 2 years ago and the effect it had on the overall market. We are seeing municipal budgets be better, but it's not flowing through into an uptick yet in Public Safety communications. That will over time, but we're not seeing it at the moment. It could be -- and I think it -- we have to believe that the prospect and uncertainty around how LTE will roll out has to be having some impact on how customers are thinking about investments in LMR digital technology with the prospect of LTE down the path. So we don't know how this is all going to shake itself out. We do see our Q4 being better than Q3, but I'm not going to call success in Q4, and we'll come back in late July when we give our Q4 report and our full year fiscal report and give some guidance for next year. We'll have a lot more insight into what's happening in the market, our ability to compete and what that might be for fiscal '15. But again, the market's a little bit softer today than we had first expected. Longer term, we know what's going to happen here. We know the customers' analog systems will have to shift to digital. We know that LTE is going to come at some point in time and customers will shift again. That's going to be a growth driver for the company. It's going to be a driver for the market itself. And we're investing to be prepared to be successful when those things happen.
William M. Brown: Yes. I wouldn't get too far ahead of yourself on 16%. I think we had a very strong quarter. Again, it was 16.2%. But again, keep in mind, it was -- when you adjust for sort of the onetime, it was on the order of about 15.2%. So pretty much in line with where we've been year-to-date and what we're guiding to for the year. So again, we're still in that 15% to 15.5% range. The team in GCS continues to execute very, very well. The award fees, certainly in the front half of the year, were very, very good. We see -- we continue to see margins in this 13% to 14% being sustainable over time in GCS. Keep in mind as you know the market very, very well, as you roll on new programs, they tend to come in at lower margins. And over time, as you work and you drive efficiencies, you can try to extend the margins is what we've seen. So it will depend upon the mix of new programs. As we see, like the DCIS, the NVS, programs in FAA roll in, they tend to come in at lower margins, and that's going to impact GCS over time. So I'd keep in my mind 13% to 14%, not 16%.
William M. Brown: Yes, look, the -- clearly, 15%, 15.5% margins this year are positively impacted by some of the restructuring activities. It's impacted by some of the activities in driving operational excellence at GCS. A lot of it is they just have been performing very, very well. They've got tremendous customer intimacy. And that -- when you perform well on time with that focus on the customer mission, what ends up happening is the award fees tend to be relatively strong, and that's, in fact, what happened. In operational excellence, when we provide guidance to investors in this area, we do it specifically knowing that some of what we say needs to go back to the customer when we have cost-plus-type programs. Roughly half of GCS is fixed price and roughly half is cost-plus. So a lot of what we see in restructuring and operational excellence programs does roll through and affect our ROS. And that is what you're seeing this year, in fact last year in the growth over the last couple of years. Again, as we go out into next year, we'll provide guidance in late July on what we see to be the revenue and market environment, the ROS for GCS into fiscal '15. But again, I keep in my mind in that 13%, 14% range over time as opposed to the very strong performance we're seeing this year of around 15.5%.
William M. Brown: It's some of that but not the bulk of it. A lot of it has to do with 1 year or 2 ago, the -- there was a contract vehicle that was opened up and competed on with some of the satellite owners, and they won a contract vehicle and they are basically providing some bandwidth directly to the U.S. government, which in the past went through "brokers" like our CapRock government business. So that is now going direct, and it's impacting our business. We're seeing some pricing pressure in our terrestrial business as well, which has been opened to competition as well. We're seeing some pressure on that side. There is some related to the drawdown. That's not bulk of it.
