William M. Brown: Okay, well. Thank you, Rahul. I wanted to close out our prepared remarks with a few comments on our growth outlook beyond fiscal 2018, given what we're hearing from customers about mission and funding priorities and potential budget trajectories. As indicated on slide 12, we expect top line growth to accelerate in almost every one of our businesses beyond 2018. In Communication Systems, we expect to start seeing the benefits of DoD modernizations towards the back half of fiscal 2018, which will continue to ramp in fiscal 2019 and beyond. Our International Tactical business began to stabilize over the past six months and we expect to return to growth in the medium-term as the Middle East comes out of a trough and Australia and UK modernizations get underway. The growth in the tactical business coupled with a modest recovery in Night Vision and Public Safety, will lead to accelerating mid-single digit growth in the segment. In Electronic Systems, we see growth across the board. Our electronic warfare business has a solid and growing pipeline of upgrade opportunities on international F-16, plus upgrade and new builds on U.S. and international F-18s. In avionics, we'll benefit from the volume ramp and new content wins on F-35, plus new platform wins in classified areas, KFX (21:18) and others that are still being competed. In C4I, we have the opportunity to significantly increase scope on the current battlefield management project in the UAE and leverage that success to expand to other Gulf countries. In mission networks, which include our air traffic management business, while we see near-term pressure from the ADS-B transition, it will be offset in the medium-term by International growth. As a result, we expect the strong momentum in Electronic Systems to accelerate to mid-to-high single-digits. In Space and Intel, we continue to see strong and accelerated growth in the classified area, driven by budget increases and expansion in the new adjacencies. We also expect increasing momentum in commercial space from recapitalizations. Growth in classified and commercial along with better compare in environmental and other civil areas, including a win on the recompete of GPS III 11 plus will drive low-to-mid single-digit growth for the segment. Overall, the combination of our strong competitive position and inflecting budgets along with continued excellent operational execution will drive mid single-digit top line growth, higher earnings and a $1 billion in free cash flow. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
William M. Brown: I mean, let me just add here, I think I'm very, very pleased with our cash performance in fiscal 2017. As Rahul said, we came down by about six days versus what we expected was three, which is extraordinary performance, and we feel good about it. A little snapback in next year, but not a lot. We do see a little bit more opportunity in working capital performance, 43 days is pretty good, maybe a little bit more over time, but getting beyond where we're at in 2018 is going to hinge a lot on earnings growth, net income growth and that's what we expect to see that bridge from 2018 guidance to $1 billion a couple of years out. So, thank you, Jason.
William M. Brown: Yeah Seth, thanks for that question. Look, OSD CAPE commissioned a study that's been led by this firm called IDA, the Institute for Defense Analyses of the Army communications network and it was something that was required in the 2016 NDAA. And they did a lot of work, they came out and talked to a few different companies, not a lot of time with us, but they scoured the commercial landscape a little bit in the defense base. They came up with the report. It was issued in the spring. The chief then out-briefed that to industry and other players. In that out-brief, he expressed in terms of concerned what he really needs to see is a network to your question, he's looking for, as you would expect, assured communication, assured connectivity, so it has to be secure, it has to be simple and intuitive, able to be operated, implemented, maintained by soldiers in the battlefield, resilient, maneuverable and I think an important element he wanted to make sure it's upgradable, so that he is not hardware constrained. And that's where I think there's a great opportunity for us at Harris because through a commercial model, we invest our own money, we develop the radios on our own nickel, we build headroom into our radio platforms which allows those radios because they are software defined to be upgraded over time to do applications, new waveform, new waveform technologies and that's where we see an opportunity here. What they've decided to do is, is split their analysis into three pieces, sort of the upper tactical tier, the lower tactical tier which is the radios, the manpack, the handheld, and an application. And I think because you'll see two things, one is the budget is growing in 2018, which the Army is supportive of and then importantly the delivery order that came out yesterday, which is encouraging them to move forward on manpack testing early next year, I think there are encouraging signs that the Army sees they can separate the upper and lower tactical tier, they have to connect over time, but they could be separated and we can move forward in the lower tactical tier as they evaluate what they want to do with the upper system, which is effectively WIN-T.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Look, Pete, it's a good question. About 40% of our International business is funded by the U.S. government. So, 60% national funds, about 40% by the U.S. government. Frankly, we're seeing very good trends in U.S. support for our international partners. The total amount of the funding was around $7 billion or so in the 2016 budget. It grew to about $11 billion in 2017. The marks are around $13 billion in fiscal 2018, when you look at the where the President is at is where the House and Senate happen to be. The buckets are moving around a little bit. A lot of support for counter-ISIL, so it was Iraq and Syrian Train and Equip is now counter-ISIL. Afghanistan, Europe you see the ERI, the European Reassurance Initiative still support for Ukraine, South China Sea, there's a Security Cooperation Fund. So, there's lots of different buckets. But the funding trend is actually quite positive, and it's important for us because, again about 40% of our International Tactical business is funded by the U.S. government.
William M. Brown: No, it's still sitting out there in that 2021 program, but GD was awarded a study program, it's about £330 million, if I remember the number right. Basically, where the UK MoD wants to go is developing a open architecture, non-proprietary system or the system design is owned by the MoD, GD is helping with that. There are some programs that we're starting to win associated with that for the tactical internet backbone radio. But we see this as a big opportunity for us. It will be beyond 2020. We have something like 50,000 or 60,000 Bowman radios there and we do see that to be a good opportunity. And frankly our very strong position across all of the services in the U.S. is going to help us a lot I think in the UK. So, we're very optimistic and it's going to progress probably several years out.
William M. Brown: Well, that's a very specific question, not just the year, but looking at just the next quarter. Look there is some expiring fund, Gautam, and our team up in Rochester is really all over that as you know them well and expect them to be and we expect them to be. And because we could move very, very quickly and a lot of our products are required in some of the markets like Ukraine, where there are some funds that are expiring, we're pushing very hard for that, we're hopeful that we can pull some of that into Q1 here. Beyond that, I won't comment on book-to-bill for the quarter for that tactical business, but I would say for the year, for fiscal 2018, we should all expect that book-to-bill to be reasonably above 1, just given the fact that that very sizeable Australian order shifted into fiscal 2018 and should help us in the full year, driving the book-to-bill over 1 in that business.
William M. Brown: I think that's probably findable, I think it's little north of $100 million in that range, which of course, we're going to go for part of that.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Sure. Look, we are confident it's going to come here in the first quarter. I think, as Rahul pointed out, the Investment Committee approval was very substantial, getting a letter of intent following that was very important. Getting an advanced order, if you will, for some risk reduction activities in Q4, again was very encouraging for us. It only has to go through the National Security Council which is scheduled at the end of August. So, we're feeling pretty good that it's going to come in that range that Rahul mentioned, around $260 million. As we said last time, it's about a three-year program. It's going to roll into 2018. It'll ramp a little bit more in 2019 and 2020. This year, we think it's going to be about $60 million more or less of revenue and then the balance in the out years. And yeah, the radio is a little bit further in the backend, but overall margins I think will be reasonably good for that particular program and won't dilute the overall segment margins given where our guidance happens to be in fiscal 2018.
William M. Brown: Yeah, Gautam, look on the DoD side, the pipeline is about $1.5 billion. So, it's up a little bit from last time and up pretty substantially from the beginning of the year as we start to see more of the modernization opportunities come into the pipeline. So, it's about a $1.5 billion, the International is around $2.5 billion. The shape is, it is not changing a whole lot, a lot of it is Middle East, but that's not changing a lot. And it's pretty much in line with where we were last quarter around $2.4 billion. So, again very healthy and continued healthy pipeline associated with the tactical business. Now in the manpack, like I said, I'm encouraged about this delivery order that we got yesterday. It ships in the early part of next year. I think the data is sometime early in April. They will do a field base risk reduction effort, and that will be in the April, May, June timeframe. We'll get some guidance in the coming weeks on the RFP time range. I think it's probably still in that March, April, May timeframe. If there's revenue in the manpack, it will be very late in fiscal 2018. It could shift into fiscal 2019. But right now, we still see at least some coming at the back end of the year, certainly some revenue associated with this delivery order.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Look, I think we're coming off of a better year in fiscal 2017 than we thought. I'm very, very pleased with where we've come up. Europe has been the star of the year. We had hit record levels and far above what we thought it would be. CALA was very, very good, and we saw Canada being very strong in fiscal 2017. So, as we go into 2018, yes, we do see good growth in the Middle East, both Saudi because of the (38:10) order that we booked in our Q4 for the SINCGARS product line has been sitting out there for several years; it's finally been booked. We sized that before in this call at around $40 million. That's going to roll into next year. We see Iraq starting to come back a little bit, and we're seeing a lot of strength in the Africa region both in Northern Africa, as well as sub-Saharan. So the whole Middle East, Africa region is going to recover into next year. I think that's a good sign. Now Asia-Pacific is coming up largely because of Australia, but a few other countries are also important contributors in fiscal 2018 in Asia. Central Asia which has been relatively weak, largely Afghanistan, Pakistan will be about flat. But as we look out in the future, the offsetting piece is going to be Europe, and it's going to be in the Central American, Latin American region. Europe, I think will remain strong, but it's not going to be at that record level that we saw in 2017, so we do see that coming back off a little bit in 2018.
William M. Brown: It's going to be tough comparisons in Europe. Same thing as well as in the CALA region, and again like I said, we had a really good year with some quick term funding in Canada, and that's going to come back off a little bit. So those are the three markets that will offset what I think is good trajectory in the other regions.
William M. Brown: Well, I think you laid out a very good picture on the DoD side, in tactical, I do see that part growing very fast. It's going to come off a fairly low base, and there's very good support of modernization and that could cause that part of the business to grow very quickly. Again, keep in mind, it's coming off, if you look in the back up in the page around $390 million, $400 million of revenue. So it's not a big piece to start, so very significant double-digit growth which we do expect in that business beyond 2018 is – it won't be the biggest driver. You mentioned, Public Safety, mid-single digit 5%, I think it's going to be lighter than that. Night Vision could be a little bit lighter than that. The biggest part of the segment is International...
William M. Brown: ...and a lot of that segment going to grow mid-single digits or high-single digits is going to hinge on whether all of the cylinders are firing across all regions on international. And, right now, we see next year flat to down modestly, but then growing beyond that, again, because of Australia, UK, Middle East, but again depends on whether all the pieces come at the same time, Noah. And let me just comment on the (41:51) because you mentioned that. I'm really pleased with our bid activity, our pipeline activity, the wins we're seeing there, and it's really across the board. So we're feeling very good about that. So mid-to-high single-digits to me is very, very achievable in that segment, and it's coming off a very high margin as well.
William M. Brown: Well, it follows what's happening in the funding trajectory. We do see growth in fiscal 2018. It's going to probably come at the backend. It depends on when the RFP happens and when deliveries actually occur, but it's going to follow the budget picture which is growing quite substantially.
William M. Brown: And it was just under, at a high, like $160 million, $180 million in that range in the 2016, 2017 fiscal years.
William M. Brown: Well look, it's not just Army, we sell radios throughout the services and I wouldn't discount the significant wins that we have with SOCOM taking on a hand-held side, which will start to deliver the back half of the year. And if you look back a couple of quarters ago, we launched a new HF radio, and Harris is positioned in HF globally, it's very, very strong. And we launched our radio with 10x data rate. It's just fantastic and it's picking up a lot of traction. And I think that's going to pick up some traction particularly in SATCOM-denied, SATCOM-issue, SATCOM-concerns and I think that's going to get some traction in the Army next year as well. So we see that. We also see opportunities to sell more 117Gs is into the Army for just improving readiness. So we see a number of different opportunities in the Army, but again I think the manpack is still sitting at the backend of our fiscal 2018 network.
William M. Brown: That's very fair. That's exactly what we're seeing. We don't know exactly when that will be or the shape of that but we do believe they're going to continue to buy, and I think it, as I mentioned, some of our 117Gs, it could be the new HF radio. It could be a variety of different things. So you're exactly right, Howard.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Sure. We've talked about that on this call several times where the Intel community is moving towards more disaggregated capabilities which could be hosted payloads on various satellites or it could be small satellites and we're a significant player on both of them, the expertise that we've developed and demonstrated through the hosted payloads which are now flying on Iridium NEXT is proving our presence in some ways on HPL, on hosted payloads. Within a couple of years, we'll have more than 200 payloads flying, which is probably the market-leading position. And we won a couple of important contracts to develop, design small sats for the community. And we're going to fly our own small sat to reduce risk so it demonstrates our ability to have a mission that is our own entire soup to nuts satellite. So we're going in that direction. This I think is very positive for us and it shows our agility, our nimbleness, our willingness to spend R&D dollars to commercialize that technology. On the commercial side, and you referenced that briefly, we actually had a very good year in fiscal 2017 on commercial reflectors. We won about five awards. We were winning sort of two a year in years before that and we've got a great pipeline coming up. So we do see continued growth in the commercial reflector side within Space and Intel as well. So I don't know, if I answered your question, I think that those were the two pieces you're asking about Howard.
William M. Brown: Well, I don't think it's going to be a huge driver, it's a big IDIQ, our competitor won the same sort of IDIQ. We both got a $10 million initial award. It is sized on the order of sort of $20 million to $40 million. At least it's been running at about $20 million to $40 million a year. I think the big difference here is that we've not been able to participate in those awards because we weren't on the contract vehicle. It was effectively sole-sourced. So it opens up a market opportunity for us. We have lot of relationships intimacy with our omni-customer and I do think that we have a good ability to compete there, again sizing it. It has been running at $20 million to $40 million in that range. Could it ramp faster than that? It's possible. But that's how I would think about that one, Josh.
William M. Brown: Yeah. Sure. The classified business is actually going pretty well. It's about two-thirds of that segment and we're tracking at or slightly better than where the classified budgets are going. We had some indications of where they're at beyond 2018 and they see within some of the specific areas. And I think it actually supports our business and our business model pretty well. So we could see it continue in next year and beyond growth in the classified side. The commercial reflector business, which isn't that big sort of in the $50 million, $60 million range, but we see that business growing a little bit. The piece that is down next year and it's down double-digits, is on the environmental side, environmental solutions or weather, and part of it is the transition from GOES-R or GOES-16 program, which we had from Exelis, both the AVI sensor onboard as well as all the ground processing that legacy Harris was doing. So, that was a reasonably good-sized program that will be down double-digits going into fiscal 2018. We also see in the budget outlook some additional pressure on some of the NOAA/NASA program supporting global weather as we see a little bit of pressure there. But beyond 2018, we see that leveling out a little bit and we see that business stabilizing going beyond 2018 and the 2019 and beyond. And we do still see some good international opportunities on the weather side, both with international partners as well as with the defense base, because the Air Force has to upgrade its weather capabilities in places like over CENTCOM, and we think we have an opportunity to help them with that.
William M. Brown: Yeah. We expect our operating margin to stay at this very high level. We're sort of running in the 90%, 90.5% range, which is very, very strong, strong in the segment and we feel great about it. We expect operational savings to offset any pressure on inflation like on wages or new program starts and we'll hold that very substantial high-teens margins into the out years, which means very good drop through into operating margin growth – operating profit growth, which as we continue to grow our cash flow, we'll see cash conversion consistently above our net income simply because of our ability to drive cash growth in our high depreciation amortization that's in our net income. So we continue to see over 100% of free cash to net income. And when you look out beyond 2018 and things that just Rahul just talked about, we don't see any incremental debt pay down required beyond 2018, which means we have a lots of opportunities to deploy that free cash either with share buyback or to M&A, which will be an accelerator on earnings per share growth beyond fiscal 2018 and that's how we see that playing itself out.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. So the big thing – so there are two ways to look at this, Jason, one going from kind of 2017 to 2018. The big piece is we were targeting about three days improvement in working capital, and we got six. So, it was slightly increased benefit from working capital in fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2018. And most of that was driven by some collections that we are forecasting in July that came in early in June. So that creates a little bit of headwind for us. Also keep in mind that our revenue is growing up. So, as we continue to improve working capital base, the contribution from working capital in dollars will not be that much. So, as we look from 2017 to 2018, the big drivers will be reduction of integration and restructuring cost that we had this year, about $10-ish million of working capital dollar improvement, while we continue to improve our days, and does get offset by some increase in CapEx. So that's kind of the bridge between 2017 and 2018. And going from net income to that, I mean it's depreciation, and basically offsetting some of the non-cash pension income and some improvement in working capital and the D&A. So, it's pretty standard stuff. So, longer-term, it's the same, the drivers of getting to $1 billion (25:02) have not changed. As we look from where we end fiscal 2018 and going to $1 billion, it will be driving working capital improvements, and continuous improvement in capital efficiency. I think Bill has mentioned before, I think in the last four years, five years that we've done a great job of reducing our CapEx. And as we've taken 2 million square feet of our floor space, out of our consolidated business between Harris and Exelis, that continues to drive a lower CapEx. And then growth in top line will drive earnings growth. So, those are the big pieces of getting to a $1 billion.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: And the only other thing, Gautam, I would say is that given the order that we got in fourth quarter allowed us to keep the program on track with some of the development, risk reduction, and other work, so that way the slight delay in order did not impact the revenue profile, so that was important.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah. So, Howard, ADS-B, I mean I think this contract goes back to 2007, 2008, when Exelis started it. The first phase ended, which was kind of the build out phase, ended in September 2016. So, it ended kind of Q1 of our last fiscal year. Then, we got some extension and one-time award and all that for settlement. So, realistically speaking, it kind of ended Q2 last year. So, we started seeing the ramp down on margins, and it's a fairly – because it was build out, going to more sustainment, there're still very, very healthy margins, but it's not at that level that we've been getting. So that's – we've kind of been talking about it. We spoke about it in the Q3 call as well as we were seeing that come down. So it creates whatever $0.22 of headwinds on EPS for us and to be largely be in the first half and then the margins stabilize and kind of stay at that level for going back next four years.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: There will be dividends. So, we expect to generate between $850 million and $900 million. We typically keep kind of $300 million of cash. We ended the year with $484 million. So, we've got about $200 million extra as we start the year and we will deploy that about $600 million for debt, $150 million for stock buyback and about $270 million-ish for dividends. So, that's the layout.
