Bill Brown: Well, thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today we’ve reported fourth quarter results, and I'd like to start by thanking our employees for their continued dedication and perseverance through 2020. Despite COVID, we've met customer commitments, advance the integration and deliver bottom-line results ahead of initial expectations all while keeping our workforce safe. We'll continue to follow mitigation plans implemented at the onset of the pandemic and keep them in place until widespread vaccinations have occurred. As a combined company, we're successfully executing the strategy we laid out a year and a half ago to drive shareholder value, and our progress is reflected in our operating results and outlook. First, we delivered solid results in 2020, where we exceeded our initial guidance on margins, earnings per share and free cash flow, offsetting the negative impacts of the pandemic with a solid 7% growth in our core U.S. government business and modest growth on the international side. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 18% from synergies and operational excellence and drove earnings per share up 13% consistent with our double-digit growth framework. With an eight-day improvement in working capital, we also generated strong free cash flow of nearly $2.7 billion. This along with progress on portfolio shaping enabled us to return $3 billion to shareholders and deliver growth and free cash flow per share of over 10%. Second, our guidance for the current year shows continued momentum in the business. With the fiscal 2021 budget now set and broad program support across key areas, we're in a position to deliver mid single-digit organic revenue growth at the midpoint, underpinned by the building blocks we previously described. Our DoD portfolio is well aligned with national security priorities. And while the overall budget is flat, we expect at least low single-digit growth driven by space, maritime, DoD modernization in classified programs. Revenue synergies will contribute about a point of growth with the notable driver being the SDA tracking layer award, as well as continued traction elsewhere with a win rate of about two-thirds of the 40 proposals awarded to-date. On the international front, we expect another – about another point from mid single-digit growth plus backed by a funded book-to-bill of above 1 in 2020 and a growing pipeline of pursuits. And then finally in our commercial businesses, we foresee a more modest impact of full year results as we lap COVID pressures following the first quarter. We also expect another year margin expansion supported by increased synergies and continued operational excellence, net of dilution from new program starts. We exited the year at $270 million in net cumulative synergy savings, $20 million ahead of our prior estimate. And with more confidence in savings from the supply chain, facility rationalization, shared services and functional efficiencies, we're now increasing our cumulative savings to $320 million to $350 million in 2021, up from a prior estimate of $300 million plus and still a year ahead of schedule. Our free cash flow guide of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion demonstrates clear progress towards our $3 billion target in 2022 with all cash use for capital returns to support double-digit earnings and free cash flow per share growth. Yesterday, we announced that our Board approved a new $6 billion share repurchase authorization alongside a 20% increase in our dividend, the third raise since we closed and bringing us closer to our target of a 30% to 35% payout of free cash flow. And then finally, we continue to position the business for long-term value creation by exiting non-core businesses and focusing our significant R&D investment on more strategic, technology-based business areas. We're now in the latter stages of several portfolio shaping processes, and we'll look to provide updates over the coming months. Our expectation continues to be for divestitures to represent a cumulative 8% to 10% of revenue with about a third completed to-date and all proceeds going towards repurchases. And we'll continue to sustain R&D spending at a peer high of nearly 4% of revenue with a focus on open architecture, multifunction software defined solutions across our broad C5ISR portfolio of capabilities. These technologies are essential to countering near peer threats across all domains and our past investments with a driver behind the recent SDA tracking layer, HBTSS, and next-gen jammer wins. So overall, we're clearly making progress in building a high-performance, technology-focused operating company and positioning L3Harris as a full end-to-end mission solutions prime. And with that, let me turn it over to you, Chris.
Bill Brown: Well, thanks for the question. I do think that we'll see in the Biden administration continued support for exports to our partners or allies. I think that's been clearly signaled. We'll see kind of like with the last administration, some clear support there. You may see some more scrutiny in certain regions like in the Middle East, and you saw an announcement come out just a couple of days ago. Frankly, it wasn't necessarily new news, it was well signaled. It’s sort of a standard practice for the start of a new administration to take a pause on some of these more contentious exports of certain countries; so number one. Two, we're not an arms or weapons provider, so I'm not sure it really affects us very much. But when we look at sales into the region in those two countries, net of backlog is less than 1% of our revenue. So it's relatively small. And then third, it's likely just a matter of timing. We think if there's any impact to us at all, it's a matter of timing and we think that'll all come out within 2021. So we think this all settled down relatively quickly.
Bill Brown: Well, thanks for the question. No, it's not changing. I mean, this is not really driven by who's in the current administration or what's happening in Congress. It really is driven by those businesses which we think that we can better own and drive value to owners that tend to be ones that are more technology intensive businesses that require investment in IRAD and our 20,000 plus engineers to make them better every day to differentiate versus competitors. Those are the kinds of businesses that we want to be in, and the businesses we're looking to get out are non-core, don't necessarily fit that model. We're making progress. We had a good start to early 2020. COVID sort of slowed us down a little bit. We saw some acceleration in Q4. And then certainly January has been pretty busy. It's not going to be a linear journey on divestitures, but we're patient, we're focused. We do still think it will be 8% to 10% of our revenue. And as I and Jay and others have talked about, we'll deploy proceeds back to owners as soon as we make those announcements and we'll talk to investors as those transactions occur.
Bill Brown: Yes, sure, Gautam. Look, we're a very different business today than we were seven, eight, nine years ago when a lot of the tac comm business was driven by repairs, resets. It really wasn't focused on a program of record, but that's very different today. So it’s really stepping back. And when we think about our company as a whole, we've got total backlog at the end of last year at about 1.2 times our revenue. So it's a little bit less than what we see with our peers. So we're a shorter cycle if you will, but we're not necessarily short cycle. We've got a piece of the business and you hit some of the key ones that radios, night vision goggles, maybe a couple of other spots that are – that have backlog less than one times revenue. So for those businesses in particular, most of them are on programs of records today. They're well-supported. They're in the early innings of modernization and we feel very good about that. I'll take tactical radio for a minute on the DoD side. As we know, there's 350,000 to 400,000 radios that will be upgraded. There's about 10% of the way through there. You can see in the budget in 2021 continued to be well-supported in terms of revenue, in terms of budget authority for radio monetizations, and we're in the front end of a long modernization curve on tactical radios. The same thing is on the international side. There's more than a dozen countries on our front end of modernization. A lot of it announced a couple of 100,000 radios, $4 billion worth of pipeline. So, again, we're on the front end of modernization ramp on the international side, which is it tends to follow what happens in the U.S. And then you mentioned night vision goggles. We are on a sole source director requirement for ENVG-B. We delivered about 5,000 goggles to-date. We're on a program of record, which was announced in September, which we're one of the awardees for that, 100,000 plus night vision goggles. So we're 5% of the way through, again, with very clear budget visibility. So when you look at where we're at our modernization and visibility into the budgets, we think the outlook is very, very positive for all of those “shorter cycle businesses”, Gautam.
Bill Brown: So, I'll start that and maybe Chris can jump in on that. Look, Richard, the Maritime business has been a real strong performer for us in 2020. We have a good leadership. There was lots of pieces that were well integrated together. We're not completely through all that, but we're making really good progress. 2020 was a very strong year, was up double digits. The orders were really strong. Book-to-bill came in above 1, factored reasonably above 1, and we see continued growth in calendar 2021. We're calling it mid single-digit range, but lots of good indicators of continued growth there. We just have a very solid position. We do a lot of work on power conversion, power distribution, towed arrays, mass, sonars, crypto, a bunch of different things. And we've got a great position on the unmanned side as well. So it's pretty broad base. It's across both the OEM and service U.S. international, so – in manned and unmanned. So we liked the position that we happen to have. On the manned side, we've got good content on both Columbia and Virginia. Those programs are well-supported and Chris talked about the future frigate with Fincantieri. We've got a very strong position in content on the future frigate. Those all look really good and well-supported. And on the unmanned side, I think we're on the front end of this. It's not a big part of the business today, but it's growing. We're the only prime of any unmanned maritime vessel here for the U.S. Navy is the MUSV or the Medium Unmanned Surface Vehicle. We're the prime on that. That’s a pretty good contract we're executing on. We've got a study on the LUSV, which is the Large Unmanned Surface Vessel. We're doing mine counter-measure systems. I think we talked about in a press release about a Phase 2 with – in Europe, with a partner where we're providing substantial content for unmanned manned – unmanned mind counter countermeasures systems and then all the underwater side. Really can't talk about the – on the classified business, but we've got a very strong position on undersea classified capabilities as well. So overall a very good business, with the hope and the direction we'd likely see in the budget of more growth focused on the Navy given where the future threats happened to be. I don’t know, Chris, if I missed anything in that.
Bill Brown: So, David, thank you. No, it's exactly the plan that we're working towards. It's the end of Q2. It's got a date and a time because it's written in a merger agreement and you're working towards that. I think more broadly, let nudges what's in the agreement is, is the partnership that I have with Chris and we're working with Jay, we've got a great leadership team. We're working well together. We're executing well on our strategy. We're aligned on the direction we're taking in the company. And you'll hear and see more of that in the investor briefing we're going to have in March, where Chris will talk a little bit about thoughts on becoming moving more towards emission solutions provider. As you see here, Ed and Sean talking about their businesses as well, but tracking well, performing well, and we're not expecting any sort of strategic redirection ready bump in the performance of the company.
Bill Brown: So thanks for the question. No, it's different than E3. E3 is additive to the synergy targets. So now, we had a really good year. The team is performing, very, very well. I talked a little bit about some of the drivers of the outperformance this year and why we took up our number to next year at $320 million to $350 million, which again is well above what we thought we would do in three years. And we are now doing more than that in two. So we're seeing a lot more opportunities in supply chain, we're still working through our facility rationalization, very, very good progress, substantial activities happening over the course of 2021. It has been very, very well and closely managed and monitored. It's going to execute very well. And we're seeing good opportunities are coming through there. Functional efficiencies, shared services, we just keep seeing more and more opportunities to get better. That's the spirit of continuous improvement. That's really, what's behind E3. That's why we think as we wrap up integration at the back end of 2021. And then in 2022, we really talk about it less as integration more as just productivity and operational excellence. We're going to have a good year in 2021, those are the things that drive it, so team is just executing very, very well.
Bill Brown: So, Jon I think that's a good question. I think you laid out, kind of the response and the question, if you will. So you laid out some of the drivers next year. Yes, we do see – as I made that in my remarks, DoD in U.S. government low-single digits, we see revenue synergies about a point, we see international mid-single digit plus, some headwinds coming from commercial, but you're exactly right. As you start to get out into 2022 from 2021, we'll see less of it, maybe no commercial headwinds and maybe eventually starts to turn into a tailwind. We see international as a front-end of a build. Again, we're very under penetrated. We have 20% of our revenues in international and Chris laid out a growth target there. We performed very well in the back half of last year. It was up low-to-mid single digits. We had a very good Q3. And we've got some good momentum coming into this year, a very big pipeline, of our $67 billion total company pipeline $16 billion of which is an international. So we've got a lot of opportunities, we're chasing on the international front. And again, we've talked about the revenue synergies, about a point call it $150 million to $200 million net incremental in 2021 from 2020 we're still at the front end of the build. So we have 40 proposals that have been awarded. We won two-thirds of them, but there's 70 that are submitted so another 30 to be awarded or not. There's more that are happening in the future. So we hope to continue to build on that. And we do hope, just given the positioning of ourselves within the DoD budget, then low single digit growth from DoD could actually grow over time, because we're in great places that we are going to continue to get funded, but we're also growing as a mission solutions provider going after a larger addressable market. So, put all those pieces together, that should – that could drive acceleration beyond 2021. But right now we're laying out the 2021 framework and we are already thinking about mid-single digits beyond that.
Bill Brown: So Seth that's a good question, in fact I remember the discussion from a few years ago about getting to $1 billion. And frankly, it happened a little bit sooner than we had even anticipated at that point in time. So we were just a tad under that last year. With our guidance, we'll be at or above – it will be above $1 billion this year. We're just very well-positioned across the tactical radio business, as you know. We're across all the services, across all the contract vehicles, very strong position and the Marine Corps was a big driver of us in 2020. We're sole-sourced on HF radios. We're sole-sourced there on Manpack. We'll compete on the handheld this year. We're sole-sourced across SOCOM. Army, we compete versus Thales and Collins. But the fact is I think given the momentum that we have here, we see continued share gains within those areas as well within the army. So, I think we're well positioned. The budgets are very supportive. When you look at all tactical radio in total in 2021 over 2020, the budgets themselves are up about 25%. HMS is up 16%, 17%. So there's very good continued budget coverage here. We're starting the year with mid-single-digit growth in DoD. We're coming off a very strong 2020 and an even stronger 2019. So maybe, hopefully, there's some conservatism built into that. But there's some competition happening this year, and we'll keep evaluating and updating investors through the year on just our progress in DoD. But frankly, the team has done a great job in positioning ourselves for success in tactical over a multiyear period.
Bill Brown: So I'll start there. Maybe Jay and Chris can jump in. Look, I think there's going to be continued focus on the space domain, which we have spent a number of years repositioning the company to go after. Last year, it was a softer year. It was a transition year. We had a couple of program transitions. But you see in Q4, we came back very, very strongly. We're up high-single digits. We'll be up high single digits in 2021. We've got good wins. I mean, Chris walked through some of the key ones there. And frankly, that's just going to be continuing to be a growth area. And you heard some of the commentary, from Secretary Austin's commentary at his hearing about the focus on space and it's not just across DoD, there's a lot of classified community investments going on in the space. So I think, number one, we've got a really good position there going from components to systems, and I think a proven strategy. I think some of the things that's happening on the unmanned side are opportunities for the future, both on maritime as well as on the airborne side. We've got really strong positions in both sides. I think that's going to continue to be well-funded. At the end of the day, any fight in the future particularly against these near-peer competitors will require network platforms and not just simply platform improvements themselves, so how they work together. That requires resilient communications. Strong, secure, non-jammable resilient communications, and that is the sweet spot of the company. We keep talking about that. It's very, very important. And there's really no one that's better positioned to enable that JADC2 mission environment than where we happen to be. That's why we're on all of the ABMS contract vehicles, I think we've just had a great position there. That's going to continue to be well supported. So those are the areas that I think are going to be where we're best positioned. And I know what everyone else is talking about. We're sitting here with almost 4% of our revenue in IRAD. We're focusing our company. We've got a very unique situation with this merger where we can start off with a clean sheet and get all of our segments built from the day one to collaborate together, and that's why we're seeing traction here on the revenue synergies. So you put all those pieces together, and that's why I do believe that we've got just a strong powerful portfolio of businesses with good leadership that should outgrow our competitors into the future.
Bill Brown: Yes. So, Michael, just very quickly, on Land it's about 20% of our revenue, and it's well supported programs. A lot of its ISR aircraft that we feel very confident it's going to continue. On the service mix, yes, there is going to be kind of a tilt toward sea, air, space center-type platforms in a near-peer competition that's hearing a lot coming out of the navy, and I talked a lot about what's happening with the air force and the space force. So in a flat to declining budget environment, I think there's general speculation, army will be a bill payer here for us. The army is only about 10% of our revenue. It's smaller part of what we do even with the DoD. It's, I think, between the navy and the air force, it's about four times what the army happens to be. So it's not a big part of the company. I think, we are more predisposed to the air force was our biggest customer. And the navy, we spent a lot of time talking about some of the maritime opportunities here. So we think the shift is actually favorable to us. We think we're well-positioned there. And we think we can manage through those shifts happening right now between the services. So we like where we are. We like the positioning of our portfolio. And then, by the way, in 2021, we do think we can build the backlog because we'll see book-to-bill more than one. So, we think that will continue to grow into next year.
Bill Brown: So look, that wraps us up here today. Thank you very much. We had a strong solid year. It was a tough backdrop. And I want to thank again our employees for executing well on our strategic priorities, delivering value to our customers and our shareholders, but also providing a solid foundation to build on in 2021 as well as the medium-term. Again, thank you for joining the call this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you more, at our upcoming investor briefing on March 10. Thank you very much, everybody. Have a good day.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Carter. No, the program is in the budget and it's just a process to get through the parliament. What happened was the Air Force in this country wanted to add additional scope to the program and we had planned for a December award. But due to the changes to the contract and the ongoing holidays and the usual delays in that time of year, it's moved into 2021. So we're very confident in this award and it’s just a timing flip.
Chris Kubasik: No, I think you got a good summary. I'll also say the future continues to be bright. I mean, we have to execute on all the programs that we just talked about. But just looking ahead to 2021, the Navy is looking at a couple of programs called spectral, spear and spatial, and these are all integrated signal intelligence programs, sensor to shooter, those types of things. They're under an overall umbrella that does maybe referred to as Overwatch. So if you kind of think of that as the Navy's equivalent of the AVMs equivalent. So, we were excited about those opportunities. And as I said in my remarks, both as a system integrator or a prime we're well-positioned. And then of course, internationally, we're getting a lot of interest of supporting OEMs as they take their business abroad. So it's been a good run and the future remains bright for Maritime.
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in. I know a lot of people ask is the strategy going to change when you change the leader and that's not the case. So clearly we've been working this together for over two years, there'll be a smooth transition because Bill will remain in the exact chair for an additional year. So I don't see any big surprises coming. We've laid out pretty clearly our focus on the growth and the integration and the margin expansion and the cash flow. So we'll be in good shape. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Myles. On IMS side I can see where you'd draw that conclusion. We're still looking 4% to 6%, the initial guidance early in the year for IMS. And it really comes down to the number of aircraft that you can induct in the factory in any one year. So, I think of it as maybe some of that 2020 slides to 2021, the latter part of 2021 slides into 2022, if that makes sense. So we're not losing anything. It just kind of slipped out to the right. And then on F-35 and mission avionics, we have multiple systems that we're providing to Lockheed as you well know, especially on the – what we're calling TR3 the Tech Refresh 3. So we're going through a transition from development to production. We think longer-term there's numerous opportunities for additional content that we could provide, but not withstanding that as the aircrafts ramp up, we get more content per plane and even the potential for sustainment. We see this as a long-term growth driver for years to come, not to mention the international opportunities on top of that.
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in. Some of the tradeoffs, obviously, are going to be the force structure versus modernization. And then the modernization is it going to be new platforms or upgrading existing platforms and then, there's always the focus on strategic deterrence. So the types of systems and the type of capabilities we have across all domains, I think position us well, there was a question earlier about our content on F-35 as an example, but we're also well positioned on next-generation opportunities. So we can support the upgrades and enhancements to existing systems. I look at what we have in EW. We have five LOAs signed with international countries, for F-16. Modernization is an example. We're on the Columbia class as a strategic deterrent. There's talk about – next about the nuclear command and control aircraft recapitalization, which again is in our sweet spot. So when you look across the spectrum, space, EW, cyber, ISR, resilient comms, whether we're a prime or a sub, new systems, old systems, I really like where we are. So, thanks for the question, Ron.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, George, great question, I probably should have elaborated on that. It was really the timing of awards. I mentioned, HBTSS and SDA and some of the classified wins. They took a little longer to get under contract. Or, candidly, some of these were pro-tested and then it caused the delays. So we just saw a slip from the fourth quarter, if you will of 2020 into early 2021. You can't get the contract. You can't get the revenue to get started. So that was just a clear slip from 2020 to 2021 due to timing of those. Intel and Cyber, not too lumpy of a business but nothing to be concerned with there, in fact, when you look at that whole business it’s close to $1 billion, we're seeing growth in 2021 there as well.
