Howard L. Lance: Thanks, Gary. On Slide 10, we're maintaining our previous financial guidance for fiscal 2012 both in total and for each segment. Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2012 is expected to be 4% to 6% higher than the prior year, with revenue coming in between $6.15 billion and $6.3 billion.  Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition-related cost is expected to be in the range from $5.10 to $5.30 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8%. Adjusted EBITDA for the year is expected to be in the range of $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion, a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8%. For the RF Communications segment fiscal 2012 revenue is expected to be 3% to 6% lower than fiscal 2011. This includes a 10% decline in Tactical Communications revenue, along with double-digit growth in Public Safety and Professional Communications business area.  Segment operating margin is still expected to be 33% to 34%. For the Integrated Network Solutions segment, we expect revenue in the range 16% to 18% higher than fiscal 2011, with organic growth in the range of 7% to 9%. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is expected to be between 5.5% and 6.5%.  And finally, for the Government Communication Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2012 to be 2% to 4% higher than fiscal 2011, and segment operating margins of about 13.5%.  Let me close my final earnings call as Harris President and CEO by saying it's been a real privilege for me to serve this great company and our shareholders. I continue to believe in the future growth prospects for Harris. The company is well positioned to outperform in our core U.S. government and defense businesses, while benefiting from a growing number of growth platforms, including international tactical communications, public safety, broadcast, satellite communication services, healthcare information systems and cyber-integrated solutions. I believe Bill Brown will do a great job taking over from me in the leadership role, and I want to wish him and the entire Harris team my very best.  At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Howard L. Lance: Well, I wish I could be specific, but we really don't know. I'm expecting both. In the short run, I think we will continue to see smaller orders released. But I do think at some point to fully fill out capability set 13 across all the brigade combat teams. 42, I think, is the total number we talked about previously. And at a level of penetration of wideband networking, which would be more than this initial tranche, that they'll probably create some sort of a large IDIQ contract vehicle to accomplish that. But certainly, I don't have any specifics on the timing of that any more than we did last quarter. We're very pleased obviously with this first award. Our performance in the NIE, our performance in the field, the advancements we continue to make in the technology that are further distancing our performance in the radios from the programs of record, ultimately, have made this an easy decision, I think, for the Army and one obviously we're pleased with.
Howard L. Lance: It's my understanding that your statement about what they want is correct. We have definitely expressed a willingness to provide the ANW2 waveform to the library, but we have not negotiated the terms for providing that waveform at the current time. We're certainly not going to give it away. We're going to make it available as part of returning appropriate value for the investments that we've made. I don't know what form that will take, whether it would be a royalty or onetime payment or some of each. At this point, those negotiations are ongoing, and there's nothing to report of a final nature.
Howard L. Lance: Well, I'll work on that. Obviously, as a shareholder, I'm also very interested in the company's success going forward. And I'm very sincere when I say, I think the Board made an excellent choice in Bill Brown, and that there will be a very smooth transition here.
Howard L. Lance: I would say, yes, that's our current view. Whether that remains the case going forward, I don't know. But right now, we expect to see improvement as the year goes on. And we are not expecting to take that negative 60 to a positive number next quarter, but we are expecting progress in the commercial healthcare business we bought, as well as the cyber business that we have started from scratch. So I think that's a reasonable expectation, that the drag from those gets eliminated in '12, and that they are breakeven or above in '13. The other thing just to remind you of is there's a significant amount of amortization intangibles and depreciation of the assets invested in cyber that are really dragging down and creating a much bigger gap between operating income growth and EBITDA growth year-over-year. On a cash basis, these businesses are doing much better than on a fully amortized and depreciated basis. Having said that, we understand that that's the way we're reporting numbers. That's what you should focus on. I think you got it about right, by '13, these 2 contribute. We continue to see improvement from the Harris CapRock acquisition and their growth and in broadcast and continue to feel very positive about the INS segment as a major driver of revenue growth and margin expansion in '13 and '14 to help us get up to the higher levels of EPS that we're striving for.
Howard L. Lance: We'll collect those dollars, Joe, in the second quarter instead of the first quarter. That's essentially the point.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, absolutely. Normally, you'd have the full 3 months to be building, and we really didn't build anything, ship anything in July because that's the month that we moved everything and started the factory up. We were up and running by the time we had our call. I think it was August 1, August 2. But we really didn't ship anything in July. So we shipped it all in August and a lot of it in September, and those bills weren't due yet. So this is not a question of quality of receivables at all.
Howard L. Lance: I think the answer is yes. Across both government and commercial customers, we're getting a lot of traction. But as we've discussed before, the traction is around pilots and the kind of demonstration programs rather than the scale at which we had hoped we'd be able to get people to convert to cloud computing and hosting services. But we are seeing that the pilot activity continue to pick up, and it's across both government and commercial clients.
Howard L. Lance: I view it as initial order against the 8 BCTs. It certainly does not fill them out at a level of penetration of wideband networking for either manpack, vehicular or handheld that they ultimately will want.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, the answer is, most of the MRAP vehicles that were deployed out of that $1 billion in orders were using Falcon II technology, because the contract vehicles were not in place to allow them to use Falcon IIIs. It sounds counterintuitive. Why wouldn't you put the new radios in? Because you're going to have to replace them. But we will have a significant opportunity to upgrade all those vehicles as they need wideband capability.
Howard L. Lance: Best of my knowledge, they still want a 2-channel radio. We are clearly working on turning the Falcon III 117G into a 2-channel version to accomplish that. I don't think you should view it as an appliqué, but rather a full radio system that would have 2 channels. So that's the best of my understanding. But I think what's important to keep in mind is that this is a fluid situation in terms of requirements. The good news, Chris, is that we have been able to shape the requirements and actually enhance them because we have features in our radio beyond the program of record. So I don't think that requirement is necessarily cast in stone at this point. But my latest understanding is, it still is a 2-channel request.
Howard L. Lance: We have integrated our ANW2, and we, as we said last time, we're working on also integrating SRW in. And we expect to have that in, in time for this fall, in the fall NIE evaluation.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, I think the real key to Pam's point is the -- WNW is not ready for primetime, and that was clear in the summer NIE evaluations. So -- how long does it take once it is in the library and ready? I don't know. I wouldn't be too precise. A lot of it has to do with NSA testing and requirements. I'm going to throw out, it's a year probably process, but there's not much we can do until it's really finished. And that to the earlier question, that's why they're very interested in the ANW2 waveform, which performed, I think, up to 30-node network at -- in Fort Bliss and in the testing, which they were very, very pleased at. That's many more nodes than the SRW can do and much wider, larger bandwidth, wider pipes.
Howard L. Lance: Well, it's already NSA-certified in now both of our products, the 117G manpack vehicular, as well as the 152A. So it has to get in to the repository when we choose to give government purpose rights to it. So it's really up to us and the government to negotiate something. We're not opposed to doing it, but we've invested a lot of money from our shareholders to get here. And we certainly expect to return on that investment.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, we're still working with Nokia Siemens. I think this process is going to be what I'll describe as long term and not necessarily linear. I think it's going to be lumpy. A lot of it has to do with funding. Everybody wants to have the ability to pass data over an LTE network that is robust and private and secure. It's a lot more efficient than -- and lower cost than what they do today where they're basically using cards in laptops over these public networks, commercial networks. The issue is all about funding. The FCC and Congress are trying to move forward on this national broadband plan. $5 billion continues to be talked about. But it's just not something that is apparent is going to be available in the budget for a couple of years. So I think up until this time, you're going to see trial systems out and essentially proving out the technology. I'm very pleased with our progress. I think LTE, as a technology, is going to be ultimately pervasive in both the public safety, as well as in the DoD market. And ultimately, our advantage, I think, in being in both of these, both tactical radios, as well as public safety radios is we're going to be able to develop integrated networks between tactical and LTE and public safety and LTE, so that from our customers perspective, the network traffic and how it's all being managed, is just going to all happen behind the curtain. They're not going to care, but it's going to seamlessly be able to move traffic over those networks, but still give them the secure, private, control of the networks that they need. So I'm still very bullish on the technology, but it's going to be a long, long road before it's adopted in any scale, in our view.
Howard L. Lance: I think, Michael, that M&A was only one of a number of preferences in the requirements for the new CEO. It certainly was not at the top of the list, but it's a wonderful skill and experience that Bill has in not just doing acquisitions but in integrating them. And I think that his focus in fiscal '12, as we've said previously, will be on integrating the acquisitions that we have, getting them fully up to speed both from a cost standpoint, as well as driving revenue synergies. In the longer term, we certainly would expect acquisitions will continue to be, as they have been in the past, a part of our growth strategy, filling in holes for vertical markets, product or technologies or geographies. So I think all those are going to be positive, and certainly Bill's experience in those areas will be a great help. But I don't think you should read into this too much. He was in the M&A corporate development job only for a few months at UTC. His primary background is in running businesses and growing businesses organically. But he's got a lot of experience in allowing acquisitions to fit and to fit effectively. So it will be a great added value that he'll bring to the company by having that experience. But I don't think you should read into that it's going to somehow change Harris' strategy or that the Board is going to go out and charge Bill of doing a big deal, like the UTC-Goodrich acquisition. That's just -- that's coincidental. And in fact, it hadn't even been announced when they were talking with Bill. So that was not why they went out and found him.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, that's my understanding, that the NIE doesn't really look at cost. Although I think General Odierno's quote that I read clearly says that he's interested in cost and speed and capability. And I think that's where we win this game. We really are offering all 3 of those, and no one else can do it. In terms of additional features, I think it's more of the same. I think it's very much about the network and the network effectivity. We'll be able to use radios now from Harris at that NIE in the fall that will have both the SRW and the ANW2 waveform. No one else is going to have both of those in the radio. And -- so we just have such a significant lead, but I think it's just -- it's more of the same. The last one was the first NIE. Part of it is just getting, I think, a tempo of doing this a couple of times a year. But I can't really speak to any specific requirements they have added over the last one at this point, Michael. So I'm just not aware of anything significantly different. But I know what we're going to be bringing are the lessons learned and continued enhancements we've made since the last one and the integration of the SRW2 -- SRW waveform into both the 117G and the 152.
Howard L. Lance: We're certainly not including October orders in the September orders booked. We're talking about them because we think they're significant. They occurred after the quarter end. So when the orders booked is what determines what quarter it goes into, sometimes -- in fact, in every case, there's usually a gap of at least a few weeks between when we get an order and when the customer approves a press release allowing us to announce it. So those don't always line up when we issue it. It's normally weeks. As Pam said, sometimes it's longer. But we can announce an order in October, but the order may have been booked, received and appropriately booked in September. It would have been included in the first quarter numbers. But we don't include anything in the quarter that doesn't meet our requirements as a bookable order, and that's got a pretty high threshold and E&Y [indiscernible] reviews that.
Howard L. Lance: I don't think we've seen anything immediately. We've tried to look at this every which way. We don't believe that the CR would have a meaningful impact on our fiscal '12 operations. We have tried to bake into our outlook what we think may be some impact. Now it's always possible, it could be worse. But I don't feel like, today, there is much downside for Harris Corporation if we stayed on a continued resolution for the rest of fiscal year '12. '13, '14, '15, there's lots of question marks out there regarding budgets and so on. So I'm not going to comment on that because I don't know what's going to happen anymore than you do. Bottom line is, I think our '12 guidance is solid, and the continuing CR shouldn't have much downside impact this fiscal year. I think that, again, our level of diversification in programs, in customers and now across a number of government and commercial vertical markets should allow us to continue to outperform the market. Will we outperform at a level we're all happy with? I think that time remains to be seen whether we do that. But I really like our position, and it's much stronger than it would have been if this had happened several years ago, where we were much more dependent only on a couple of growth initiatives.
Howard L. Lance: No, I can't really talk about the details. Our work in classified generally has kind of 3 categories. It's space systems, it's mission systems and it's information systems. And I think we're seeing a strong progress in all 3 of those areas. So I don't think it's any one particular area. This part of our business has been a little cyclical, and we're very pleased to see it coming back. We have great long-term relationships with customers, and our teams' performance on these very, very difficult technologies has just been superior over time. Thank you very much. And, again, I want to thank all of you for your interest in Harris, and I hope that you will stay tuned. I think this company has a very, very bright future.
