Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; and Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on AbbVie's operations and financial results that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full year -- full current year and historical results for Allergan. For this comparison of underlying performance, all historically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition accounting policies and exclude the divestitures of Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth further excludes the impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Luisa. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.AbbVie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Michael Severino: Okay, this is Mike. I will take your second question first and then we can cover the SKYRIZI question. With respect to RINVOQ, I assume you're talking about the tofacitinib safety study, which top line results fairly recently in the last several days and showed in that program that they were unable to exclude a risk of MACE or malignancy based on the criteria that were used to analyze that data sets. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've kept a very, very close eye on our data, both at the time of the NDA and in an ongoing manner since that time and we've not seen a signal. Our rates have not been elevated with respect to comparator or baseline rates and the rates overall remain low. With respect to your specific question about whether we've had discussions with regulators, regulators have not asked us to do long-term safety study in the way that Pfizer was asked. So that has not been discussed with regulators and we have not had any contact with regulators around labeling updates up to the present time.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll pick up from here. I think that our optimism and I think that's the right way to express it in a disease like MDD, which is a challenging disease to work and is based on a couple of features. One is based on the basic pharmacology of Vraylar, which has a unique mix of D3, D2 specificity and other features that lead clinically to what's been described as a brightening effect, which seems to be beneficial in a number of settings. It's also driven by the results that we have from the MDD study that is positive that we already have in hand. So with one positive study, we would need only one -- at least one or, of course, both of the next two studies to read out positive, either of those outcomes would support a filing. We've done a deep dive into the study design and the patient population. We think it's a well-designed study. And we think the patient characteristics with respect to baseline factors and other elements are all very appropriate for this sort of study and we can assess that in a blinded aggregate way in a way that's completely consistent with the study rules for the conduct of the study. And so all of those things make us feel optimistic that it's a molecule with a good chance to work, well-designed study, well-conducted study, and we look forward to seeing the results. But as I mentioned, MDD is a challenging area. And for that reason, we didn't build into our deal model and we didn't factor it into our guidance, as Rick said, so we view this as upside.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll take the Vraylar question. I believe you're talking about the ongoing MDD studies and what I would say there is that the dose selection was based on everything we know about dose-response, not only from the prior MDD studies but across the program and we've done a deep dive into that and we're confident that we're at a dose that ought to have optimal effect in these indications -- in this indication. With respect to your question about placebo response rate, managing or controlling the placebo response is extremely important in all studies, but particularly in depression studies and other studies in psychiatry. And I would say that there are many different approaches that are taken that are complementary to each other. The first and most important is appropriate site selection, one has to select sites with an appropriate patient population with experienced investigators who are also experienced evaluators in a clinical trial setting and that's one of the most important things to getting high-quality data to determine whether a drug works. The next element has to do with investigator training, investigator manuals, protocol design and also with respect to inclusion and exclusion criteria to make sure that you have a patient population that is representative of the population that you would expect to treat post-registration if the study is successful. And we've taken a look at all of these things, we've taken a look at the blinded aggregate data and we feel good that the measures that we have in place will effectively control the placebo response and give us a quality readout.
Michael Severino: Okay. This is Mike, I'll take your first question on ABBV 154 our TNF steroid conjugate has not been delayed because of COVID. There were some delays in other early immunology programs. Our CD 40 and our ROR gamma-T program experienced modest delays but 154 did not. As we said at the time of the COVID peak over the course of last summer, there were a small number of studies that we delayed initiation and delayed enrollment, is the programs that I'm talking about TD 40 and ROR gamma T were impacted modestly in that time period but 154 was not so that remains on-track. We remain confident in it. We have selected 154 as the agent to go forward. Remember that we had two 3373 and 154 and we selected 154 because of advantages it had in linker technology, we're planning to initiate a large Phase 2 B study in the first half of this year and then today, we're now saying that we will also be studying Phase 2 Crohn's disease, as well as polymyalgia rheumatica, and that's an important set of indication that covers a wide range of opportunities, RA and Crohn's disease areas where we are very active, PMR polymyalgia rheumatica is a new area where there is not a lot of therapeutics, unfortunately, it is a well-established area in medicine but there is very little in terms of treatment for these patients, they have considerable pain and suffering from their condition and it's -- and it's particularly steroid responsive. So we think it is a very attractive target for our steroid ADC approach. The 154 remains on track and we continue to have confidence.
Michael Severino: I also say in that time period when we did BI it was an absolute requirement on the account, right. Well, that was really, it wasn't like a judgment call or something thing to desire to do the accounting, said to be accounted for in that fashion. It's since been changed going forward. But the window in which we that occurred that was the required accounting treatment. So number two, Jeff and I will cover number two, sort of a high level look and then Jeff, maybe can give more specificity around that. If you look at Duodopa I mean this is a -- this is a therapy that has absolutely phenomenal efficacy and you can see these patients who cannot move early and you turn on the pump and you start giving them the drug and within a very short period of time, they will gain their motion. The challenge is a very difficult treatment to the patient to basically deal with and the caregiver to deal with on a long term sustainable basis; you have to do surgery, insert a G-Tube, you got to maintain that G-Tube opened, so that does somewhat limit the population is able to use it. And so we view this as a way to significantly expand the market. Jeff is obviously far more familiar with it. So I'll let him, give you a little more specific, but that's the general concept. I think this could be a significant -- wanting to be a significant treatment for these patients who need this kind of therapy. And two, I think we could expand the market pretty significantly.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll take the question on the heme-onc portfolio mid stage and newer technologies, but I would say is there is a lot going on in our heme-onc portfolio. Obviously with our late-stage molecules in the mid-stage. I think you'll see a focus on T-cell redirection, which is of course a newer technology. And I think a very attractive approach to harness the immune system to control these cancers and you see good progress with our CD3 by CD20 and our BCMA T cell redirecting therapies. And so, that is clearly an area of focus for us now and I think we'll continue to be in the future. With respect to gene therapy, gene therapy is not a single thing it can be used in different ways. Gene replacement is not an area that we've been focused on. Gene delivery is an enabling technology for other therapeutic approaches like cell-based therapies and we have early programs and cell-based therapies in heme-onc and in other areas. Solid tumor oncology and potentially other areas in the future. And so that's something that we are keeping a close eye on and making sure that we have access to the enabling technologies we need to prosecute those targets. I think that for those sorts of approaches we're probably one generation away from things that are broadly applicable. But we are exploring possibilities that we think can fulfill that next generation need. And so we are keeping up a broad eye and are essentially therapeutically agnostic. What I mean by that is we look for the best tool to do the job. We don't find it tool and then figure out how to use it. And so in each of these cases we're going after strong biology. We're going after things that we think will raise the bar on the standard of care. And I think a number of the newer technologies that I mentioned fit that bill.
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. It's Jeff Stewart on the commercial question. We have anticipated the different markets and how we will approach the pricing. Now, it's important that we're just starting to see the SKYRIZI data. We saw the induction data, we'll see the maintenance data. I think it's important that as we look at our strategy that we're honing is for SKYRIZI, you're going to -- for Crohn's, you're going to have an induction dose, which is an IV at a different dose and we know that based on the form and some things we can believe we can price that to market. And also, we are coming with a unique approach for the maintenance as well depending on where that dosing falls out. And we would be using at that point, which is known as on-body injector. So the combination of the forms as well as basically the ways that we will deliver the medication when we get there, we believe that we can price effectively to the market and manage it across the indications.
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, hi. It's Jeff Stewart. I'll start off with the atopic derm commercial question. We're very encouraged with the market that we're about to enter and I'll give you some context there. So when we look at the population, we see that just on the moderate to severe atopic derm patients that the market size or the potential is at least 2 times and probably closer to 3 times the size of the psoriasis market. And so this is very, very encouraging in terms of our ability to enter. It's also significantly under-penetrated. I mean if you look at the psoriasis market, you're talking about far greater than 10% or 12% penetration and in the single-digit, the low-single digits, where we are right now with the one biologic dupilumab. So it's very, very attractive. The other thing that I would say is that we see from our go-to-market approach that we know the HCPs very intimately. So about 85% of the market is driven by the derms, we know the derms very well and there is a 90% -- roughly 90% overlap with the big prescribers of dupilumab and drugs like SKYRIZI and our Humira. So we are very, very encouraged at the ability for this segment to rapidly expand, despite the fact there will be multiple new entrants coming in. To get to your specific question about the access ramp, we have a very strong position, as you know with RINVOQ right now in the existing indication of RA. We had greater than 95% commercial access, that's the dominant channel for atopic derm and our anticipation is we will have very strong access that we'll build to that level over the course of '21. Obviously, it's going to take some time, once we get the approval to go through the final approvals on the big commercial plans and so we see it's starting off slow, but then building into the middle of the year and certainly getting to a significant level at the end of the year. So the combination of the market, the asset itself, which looks very, very strong, as you've seen from the data and the way that we will play in our derm segment as well as the allergy segment give us a lot of confidence for a strong ramp in '21 and beyond.
Jeffrey Stewart: No, I think Rick, that's exactly right. The only thing I would say in terms of our forecast, we think that in the first part of the year, the early part of the year, we continue to see some suppression in the new patient starts. But as we hit the second and third quarter, we anticipate that the market will recover.
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, hi. And it's Jeff, I'll take the second question on atogepant. I think first, the asset itself is very, very attractive. And when you look at the response on the migraine free days at the 10 to 60-milligram, it's really impressive data, very impressive data as this very strong oral. And so we think that we can come at this in a couple of different ways. Obviously, you highlighted the leveraging Ubrelvy. We've got a dedicated sales force that calls on the specialty organization, the neurologists as well as the headache specialists will actually carry both UBRELVY and atogepant in their call plan to really leverage the knowledge of a very established sales force and as well as focus on the big primary care writers that see a lot of migraine sufferers. So this is -- this is an important dynamic that will, we'll be able to leverage when we get into the market towards the end of the year. Also, we are looking at the ability to see how you look on the back end of the migraine journey so patients are on Botox Therapeutics, for example, which is very substantial. It's the leading in play share for chronic migraine. But many of those patients don't get full efficacy results. So ultimately the combination of Botox plus atogepant as a way to get really migraine freedom in the toughest patients is another area over the long term that we think can leverage these assets across the board, whether it's you UBRELVY on the front end with acute atogepant in the middle, oral for episodic and chronic or Botox on the back end. We think it's a nice portfolio that we can commercially manage over time to hit our ambitions that Rob described.
Jeffrey Stewart: Thanks, Mike. It's Jeff, I'll take the in-play [ph] share. So if we look at the psoriasis market and SKYRIZI we have on our latest data point 33% of in-play share, which is of course is new patients coming in or newly switch patients. If you look at the total AbbVie share, it's approximately 45%, so very remarkable when you add Humira plus SKYRIZI in the dermatology space. If you look at the RA space, our latest data points are between 15% and 16% in terms of in-play share for RINVOQ in RA and that's basically neck and neck with Humira, so for a total AbbVie share of roughly a third of the RA market.
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, I think just to add on that. Rick, it's we hear the same thing from our KOLs, they're very, very encouraged and with the perspective you look at Duopa or Duodopa, about $0.5 billion product with a really difficult challenge on on-boarding for these patients. Right. You have to do the J-Peg surgery. You have challenges with the size of the pump. Nonetheless, it's still remarkable that we do get that level of sales. So if I give you some perspective on the market. If you look at the advanced Parkinson disease market, 90% of it is really old generic orals where the patients just have to take more and more oral medication before they can have any -- any relief. And then, they are still in big trouble. So, only a minority about 10% ever get to let's say more advanced device-aided therapy, which is Duopa or Duodopa and deep brain stimulation. So, as we studied the market we agree that as we look at the ability to sort of move from a more convenient way a simple way for neurologists to get a more advanced therapy without doing a procedure, whether it's brain surgery or the -- or the GI surgery we think we can start to move upstream into that 90% of really non-workable oral segment. So, we are encouraged at the recent feedback from our KOLs and our study sites and are anticipating and planning for launch in the coming years.
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, I'll take the early view from the field. I think it's important, at least, we've heard from our teams that some of this data is not really new. It was available in the interim analysis that helped -- led to the label that we have and so really the early reports from our -- from our field particularly from the KOLs and the big prescribers is a little bit of a shoulder shrug like not that, not that new news. I would say, from the standpoint of the comparison between RINVOQ and Xeljanz. I mean if you look at the penetration of the jack-class really across the world, and particularly in the U.S., there has been a significant lift that we just talked about with that in play share. And so really what we're -- what we're hearing from the -- from the field and from the prescribers are they view RINVOQ as a differentiated asset in terms of the overall risk benefit and that's why that share is moving so quickly and so that's really what we -- what we hear in the early days from our -- from our teams that are connected to those big rheumatologists.
Richard Gonzalez: So this is Rick. So I think the bottom line is, we've contemplated that. It's a good question, Geoff, but I think we have a strategy that will allow us to deal with that and impact the market in an appropriate way.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes, Vamil, this is Rick. Mike and I'll cover the second question on Vraylar. It's important to recognize that what we've communicated in long-term guidance on Vraylar is based on the three currently approved indications. So it doesn't count on the fact that MDD would be successful. Now having said that, I think we do have -- I'd say, we're cautiously optimistic about the MDD indication and I'll let Mike kind of walk through how we look at it and what gives us that level of confidence. But in the event, it weren't to play out, that doesn't impact the guidance that we gave.
Richard Gonzalez: And then, Randall, on your second question; I would say we absolutely agree with your point of view. I think eye care is a very attractive market. The kinds of markets that I think we look for and that we are the very best at is where there are specialized physicians who really drive the use of medications based on the clinical data and being able to restate markets and improve standard-of-care in those markets, and certainly, eye-care, I think it fits that description. And so we would have a strong appetite to look for opportunities and we are looking for opportunities now that we could add to that eye care business to be able to drive growth. Obviously, RESTASIS, as Rob indicated in his formal remarks, we've built in a half a year that's still an unknown of when that product will go generic or if it will go generic. But I think even aside from that regardless of what happens with RESTASIS longer-term, this is an area that we would have interest in and if we could find the right kind of assets to add to it, we would enthusiastically do that.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes, Chris, this is Rick. So I'll cover the Aesthetics question for you. I'd say as we've studied the Aesthetics market and had an opportunity to be able to operate the business now for some time, I think we're even more enthusiastic about the long-term ability to be able to grow this market. I would say some of the areas that were a bit of a surprise to us is the responsiveness of this market to patient activation, and I would say that the strategy that we've put in place is one where we are funding the business on a very -- on a continuous basis at a high level to achieve the level of activation that we're looking for and we think that will, certainly, you can see, the response I guess an example in Botox already, we are seeing a very aggressive response in being able to grow the market, you saw the Botox grew -- Botox Cosmetic grew in the fourth quarter to 9%. I would expect that we can continue to drive that level of growth. And as part of legacy Allergan, I think it was much more episodic in the way this was funded quarter-to-quarter where we basically built a funding plan that will allow them to continue to drive activation over a longer term [ph]. I'd say the second thing that's it's of interest to us is, I think this is a market where you can drive significant innovation. If you fund that innovation in a way, again on a more continuous basis and advance those programs more aggressively, and have a well thought out strategic roadmap as to where you're trying to drive some of these markets. As Mike mentioned in his comments, our goal is to basically try to advance the level of performance of the toxin market significantly over time. And the same with the filler market. There are certainly things that we can do to expand the areas that you could use fillers, both within the US and globally and that's a significant opportunity. But long term, we think there is an opportunity to take some of the biologic expertise that we have here at AbbVie and create more biologically active fillers, and not only do physical filling but also improve collagen, improve elastin, and other kinds of characteristics that will improve skin quality. And we think that will be -- if we're successful, we think that will be a significant opportunity to drive long-term growth. And then, the last thing I'd say is the geographic footprint that AbbVie has. We obviously have a very broad geographic footprint and the structure that we've set up is this totally integrated global unit that we're operating the Aesthetics business really gives them the freedom to go out and expand or more aggressively fund areas around the globe that they think there is a significant opportunity. A good case in point is I believe it was in the fourth quarter, we funded a significant expansion in China to be able to increase the sales force there to be able to drive it more deeply into a broader set of the cities in China to the next level down and we are already seeing the benefits of that, China is already back to growing much like it did pre-COVID. So I think there's a lot of attractive attributes about that. On IMBRUVICA maybe Jeff and I will tag team on that one. What we're clearly seeing is the COVID is having an impact on patient starts in CLL. We're not only seeing it IMBRUVICA, but we're seeing in VENCLEXTA as well. And then somewhat logical when you think about these oncology practices of trying to reduce density and CLL is a disease where you can, in many patients' cases, you can delay therapy for some period of time. I would say that's the vast majority of it. When we look at -- when I look at the overall share. And the reason why I'm talking about the overall share is VENCLEXTA is now gaining a significant level of momentum in this market as well. When I look at our overall shares in first line, second line or third line, we continue to have the dominant share position. And I'd say probably, partially due to your question, if I look at Calico [ph] I'd say it's performing at the expectation we have. I think the first line share is about 12%, slightly higher in second line maybe 14%, and I don't recall the third line share...
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. Steve, this is Rick, I'll cover the first one, and Mike can cover the second one. I would say, first and foremost, we are a very disciplined organization in how we approach execution in the marketplace. We tend to probably, in [ph] some extent, obsessively plan and then go out and try to execute against that plan and I think in times of difficulties that kind of discipline tends to demonstrate itself and that's when you see the biggest differences. So that's not say [ph] other people don't do it like that. I'm not that familiar with how others operate, but I know how we operate and I know how we contingency plan and we look at. Okay, if that doesn't work, what are we going to do and we do that ahead of time, if that doesn't work, what are we going to do. And I think that kind of contingency planning and focus on execution is helpful. I'd say the second thing is, if I look at our business, we put a strategy in place and I feel very good about how the business is performing overall. I mean I would say the business is firing on all cylinders. And you can look at our fourth quarter performance, to your point, and I think it demonstrates that and you can look at our guidance and it demonstrates that almost every single product area is performing at or above, most of them above what consensus was and then I think it's another indicator for you and we have a much more diverse business now. We have four major growth platforms that are helping us drive that level of growth. Our new product launches are doing extremely well. Obviously, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are, but I'd also say UBRELVY and Vraylar are performing extremely well and the pipeline, I would say one of the things gives me the most confidence is when I look at the pipeline behind that. It's designed to be able to drive our long-term growth because one of the things that we focus on is how we're going to make sure that we continue to drive this business to perform at the level its performing over the long term. And so if I look at the SKYRIZI and RINVOQ R&D execution around the follow-on indications, it's been nothing less than spectacular both from a timing standpoint and the kind of data that we have been able to produce. When I look at our hem/onc strategy, we've had a very disciplined strategy there ensuring that we have enough assets to continue to grow. What has become a very large franchise for us. Our franchise is $6.6 billion as we said, we're going to grow in double digits. Over the long term, what's going to allow us to do that? Well obviously IMBRUVICA is going to continue to drive share, VENCLEXTA is going to continue to drive share in CLL but VENCLEXTA has indication expansions in the area of potential, in the areas of T1114 and a broader AML population and several other areas. Then I look at Navitoclax. We should get that product approved and give us an opportunity in myelofibrosis and then you look at Genmab and you look at our CD47, those will all allow us to ensure that we can sustain that growth profile over the long term. In neuroscience, same thing, atogepant will allow us to expand into the broader migraine population. So I feel very good about what we put in place and our ability to execute against that. So I think there is not one silver bullet that I can point to. I think it's all of those things, certainly, our ability in market access has helped a lot in the US. I think we're very good at that, but you have to have the right kinds of assets in order to execute that. You have to have assets that are differentiative like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. So it's the combination of all of that gives you this performance and gives you the long-term sustainable ability to deliver that kind of performance and I feel awfully good about where we are.
Richard Gonzalez: This is, Rick. The only thing I'd add on that is when you look at that SKYRIZI 33% in-play share, it's almost double what the next closest competitor is, I mean it's impressive. The gap between SKYRIZI and the number two player and the other thing is, as these brands get more experience in the market, we'll also start to talk about the total TRx share and I think SKYRIZI is at that point now. I think it's total TRx share now is 14% [indiscernible] or something like that. That's right. And that's pretty impressive for this short period of time and it is close to number two in the market in TRx share. So they are both doing very, very well.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes, Chris, I'll take your question on Contingent considerations and yes, we did account for this as a business combination. So that means each quarter we do a mark-to-market, the fair value of the future milestone royalty payments and you did see us take a fair value write up this quarter. Based on the higher sales outlook as we communicated during the Immunology Day event in December and you see in the guidance provided today, obviously the outlook for SKYRIZI continue to increase. And so we're recognizing that liability going forward. We also take into a consideration because it's a fair value measure what the market is assuming. So it's not just our own forecast. It's also what street expectations are and those have also increased as we've seen a very nice ramp. We are starting to see obviously the confidence from the street increase that's translated into a higher outlook for SKYRIZI which then translates in a higher future potential royalties. One of the reasons I wanted to stress, also on the free cash flow in my remarks today is because there is some confusion over that's how we account for, but it's important to keep in mind that when I talk about free cash flow of $21 billion this year, that accounts for the royalty payments of - to BI. And so you can look at a few different ways, you can look at it from a – if you can track the consideration accretion that we're recording and the liability on the balance sheet as an indicator of the future outlook, but also as we monitor our cash flow pretty carefully what does that contribute to overall cash flow. So we would not be going back, we made a determination as a business combination. We don't -- should not anticipate that we would reverse that but we'll provide obviously more clarity on what those royalties look like going forward given the size of the asset.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes, so I don't know that we're going to specifically comment on what we've assumed as it relates to [indiscernible]. I just don't think it's probably appropriate. First of all, it's not that large of a product to begin with. So wouldn't have a material impact on Botox Cosmetics. I'd say on the -- on the -- on your second question, I will tell you emphatically we have no interest in spinning off the Aesthetics business. We have a program in place where we manage the differences between the reimbursement associated with Botox Therapeutics and the cash pay portion of the Cosmetics business, it's been in place for quite some time. We're quite comfortable that we can manage it quite effectively. So It's an important thing that you -- that you track carefully, but we have a good system in place to be able to do that, but we have no interest in getting off the Aesthetics business or any aspects of the of the Aesthetics business.
Robert Michael: Vamil, this is Rob. I'll take your question on margin progression. I think when you consider the greater than $2 billion expense synergies from Allergan by next year and the P&L leverage that will come from the sales growth, we also expect for next year, you should expect that our operating margin will continue to expand through 2022. Upon the entry of U.S. biosimilars in 2023 and given Humira's profitability, it is reasonable to expect operating margin pull back. We've indicated before the 45% range based on our current LRP, I think it'll be a little bit higher than that. But then we've returned to growth immediately – in 2024, we'll return to revenue growth, a very strong revenue growth starting in 2025, you can expect then operating margins once again expand. We've had a long history of expanding operating margin by leveraging the P&L. And I would expect that to continue as we start to see very strong revenue growth starting in 2025 and beyond.
Robert Michael: Yes, I just -- on your question regarding warehouse patients who have a very modest amount of warehouse patients assumed [ph] in the forecast. So we're not count -- the $1.7 billion doesn't really count on that. And keep in mind that RINVOQ was of the product that was lesser impacted by COVID and so there's not really significant how warehousing in that forecast.
Robert Michael: I think if you look at the overall portfolio, we've detailed out what we expect for Vraylar and that's without the additional indication. We think we can get to approaching $4 billion. When you look at the migraine portfolio, peak sales are greater than $1 billion for both the UBRELVY and Atogepant. We have 951 in the pipeline that we think can be a significant contributor, obviously, Botox Therapeutic will continue to grow. So we feel pretty good about the portfolio we have and that double-digit growth outlook is supported by a number of very promising assets.
Robert Michael: Hi, Luis. This is Rob. So I think now that we have first full year with combined company and you're looking at these profiles. I think you could assume they're indicative in the range of what you'd expect going forward. And so that is a cleaner guide then say when you have a partial year like we had in 2020 as it relates to the synergies we achieved in 2020 which is about $600 million of synergies about $400 million that was an R&D and $200 million SG&A and you see we've now increased that to $1.7 billion in 2021 with about a little bit roughly half of that coming from R&D about in the 40% range SG&A and about 10% from cost of goods.
