Larry Peepo: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Laura Schumacher, Executive Vice President Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I’ll remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie’s operations is included in our 2014 Annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today’s conference call as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Rick.
Larry Peepo: Thanks, Bill. We’ll now open the call up for questions. Operator, we’ll take our first question please.
Larry Peepo: Thanks Steve. And that concludes today’s conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of the call please visit our website at abbvieinvestor.com. Thanks again to everyone for joining us.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. So there are data in the studies that were submitted to regulatory agencies. We’re still waiting on a final labeling in the U.S. and Europe. So I think it’s probably a bit premature, numbers that might in labeling, but we assessed this in the course of the clinical development program. 
Michael Severino: Certainly, with respect to immuno-oncology, we’re really referring to the next wave of programs. These would be things beyond PD-1 and PD-L1 or perhaps they might combine well with those mechanisms, but we’re looking at driving for treatment results that can't be achieved today. So we would be referring to novel mechanisms.
Michael Severino: Okay. So this is Mike. I’ll take the second component of your question. With respect to the IL-17s, I think clearly the IL-17s in plaque psoriasis demonstrate very strong efficacy. There are areas where their profile is not quite as compelling in psoriatic arthritis for example. The initial uptake of the 17s has been relatively slow. We would expect the dermatologist would take some time to become comfortable with the new mechanism before they would adopt it. So we feel comfortable about the trajectory of HUMIRA in the psoriasis space for quite some time.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. With respect to celiac disease, we're still evaluating the opportunity and we’ve not reached a decision point yet.
Richard Gonzalez: So Alex on HUMIRA, if you look at the U.S., it’s really been a remarkable story. If you look at market growth last year, it was in the 6% range. That has now moved to about a 13%. We’ve held that pretty steady across the quarter. So what that’s a sign of is that the SG&A that we put behind the brand continues to work and it continues to give a positive return. And the way that that growth is delivered is in fact by penetration as well as improved patient compliance and a number of other things. But there is definitely a penetration element that is the big growth driver in this market. And as you know all of the autoimmuno segments are relatively under penetrated versus what you would expect given the power of a biologic. So that is a big part of the story. In terms of efficiencies, look, we’ve been focused on efficiencies from the very beginning now they shake on the number of different places. In manufacturing, they are the traditional efficiencies you would expect, whether it be purchasing, better utilization of plants or in some cases even take offline non-productive capacity, we've done all of those sorts of things. Across the P&L though, leverage itself presents a different type of efficiency, right. We’re obviously no longer in a situation where we need to grow expense in at the same rate of the top line. In fact, if you look at our expense growth particularly on SG&A it is far, far, far, below what the top-line is growing and that’s pretty much the new model for this business now that we’ve made the investments we needed to make back in '13 and '14 and we’re on track to start delivering growth through the introduction of new products in '15 and beyond. So there are really two different types of efficiencies in the numbers.
Richard Gonzalez: And then Mark, this is Rick. On the Analyst Meeting, yes it is something we are still considering, I think as you indicated maybe in one of your remarks, I think timing wise if we decide to do it, it probably will be at the beginning of the year, maybe time with a major meeting where it would be convenient for investors to be able to participate. We haven’t made a final decision yet, but we will communicate something around that at some point here, probably third quarter. 
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. And on the new formulation, I mean we really can’t talk specifically about what the strategy is because it’s somewhat condition on the regulatory approval and we don’t have regulatory approvals yet all around the world. But there probably will be situations where it will be a replacement product, meaning it will replace not over a very short period of time, but over a relatively short period of time as inventory runs out of the old product, the new product will replace the old product and we will only maintain the new product in the marketplace. I would say that will probably be the predominant model that is out there, but it might not be the exclusive model that is out there depending upon the regulatory approvals.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay and Robyn this is Rick. I will cover the HUMIRA formulation. Again it is consistent with what I described to you before. It will depend upon the regulatory approval. So we don’t know the answer to that yet. It could be that it has the exact same name as the current product and therefore you wouldn’t necessarily have any direct visibility to it. It could be HUMIRA plus some designation after HUMIRA and therefore we would be able to track it, or you would be able to track it in some separate fashion. So we’re going to see how that plays out before I can give you an accurate answer. And then, I'd just say on the big picture piece, I'd say the IPR doesn’t necessarily change anything that we thought about before from a timing standpoint. As we've said and as Laura mentioned a momentum ago, we have a broad group of, or portfolio of IP. We have some very important patents in this area and we intend to enforce those patents and this IPR process won’t affect those timelines as we’ve assumed it.
Richard Gonzalez: Thanks Steve. This is Rick. I guess I’ll do the last one first. I was trying to describe to you the elements that will drive our overall performance in Viekira. If I sounded like I was hedging, I apologize for that. It is our goal to still hit the number that we described to you. So I was trying to describe to you the elements associated with it. As far as the details around percentage of patients, I mean I don’t recall it offhand. I’d say there is a fairly substantial percentage of patients that when they first go on the drug do experience or express concern about pain upon injection. The vast majority of those patients obviously work through it and stay on the drug, but it’s not an insignificant percentage of patients that we see that, that experience at the beginning of their use of the product. And as far as volume, it’s more of a practical thing. At the end of the day if you inject less volume obviously that helps with the pain as well assuming it is not more viscous, so it has some other reason why would have pain. But if you - as you get less volume in the indications where you have loading doses, there would be a substantial benefit there, where you can go from multiple loading doses to one loading dose an example in certain conditions and I think that would be a significant benefit for patients.
Richard Gonzalez: I mean essentially it has IP associated with it, I'd say this is really a strategy to differentiate the product. Obviously we have IP around this particular formulation. I think that IP will protect this particular formulation. As we've described I think a couple of times before, we don’t view this as an absolute block. When you think about our biosimilar strategy, it’s a number of things that have all been put together, a very large portfolio of IP, some of that IP is very broad and very challenging I think for someone to work around. New formulations, it helps differentiate the product. Our commercial strategy, when and if biosimilar is launched and then our pipeline of new assets to be able to move into this market and I'd say although we tend not to probably be able to get there in any meaningful way, I think one of the exciting things that we see internally is if you look at the data that we’ve seen around the JAK 1 hypothesis that we have its is playing out and its playing out in a very positive way. And I think it’s a profile of a drug that we believe could have a meaningful impact in the marketplace and I think that would be an important product for us to advance and get into the marketplace and then also ABT-122, I think as we talk about an IL-17 combined with a TNF as we see that data, I think that product could have a very meaningful place in the market as well. And so I think we’re gaining a lot of encouragement about de-risking that mid-stage pipeline to ensure that we have some products that will follow on with HUMIRA.
