Liz Shea: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan aesthetics; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Roopal Thakkar, Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Medical Officer.  Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions.  So with that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Scott. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we'll take the first question, please. 
Liz Shea: And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. . 
Scott Reents: Thank you, Tom. I'm very pleased with the momentum of our business. The strong performance we are demonstrating from our ex Humira growth platform continues to support AbbVie's long-term growth outlook.  Starting with our third quarter results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, which is $0.14 above our guidance midpoint. These results include a $0.04 unfavorable impact from acquired IP R&D expense. Total net revenues were $13.9 billion, roughly $225 million ahead of our guidance and down 5.8% on an operational basis excluding a 0.2% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Importantly, these results reflect double-digit sales growth from our ex-Humira growth platform.  The adjusted operating margin ratio was 46.7% of sales. This includes adjusted gross margin of 83.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 12.4% of sales acquired IP R&D expense of 0.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 23.9% of sales. Net interest expense was $398 million. The adjusted tax rate was 15.7%.  Turning to our financial outlook. We are raising the midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.25 and now expect adjusted earnings per share between $11.19 and $11.23. This guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred in the fourth quarter. We now expect total net revenues of approximately $54 billion, an increase of $600 million. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.5% and unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. The updated revenue forecast contemplates a full year sales increase of $300 million roughly split evenly between Skyrizi and Rinvoq, reflecting strong uptake in IBD. The remaining $300 million full year sales increase is primarily attributed to better-than-expected performance of international Humira and Restasis.  Moving to the P&L. We continue to forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 46.5% of sales. We now expect adjusted net interest expense of roughly $1.7 billion. And we forecast our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 15.5%, reflecting IP R&D occurred through the third quarter.  Turning to the fourth quarter. We anticipate net revenues of approximately $14 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.87 and $2.91. This guidance does not include acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We generated more than $16.5 billion of adjusted free cash flow which is net of approximately $1.1 billion of Skyrizi royalty payments in the first 9 months of the year.  And our cash balance at the end of September was approximately $13.3 billion. Underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook, today we announced a 4.7% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, beginning with the dividend payment in February of 2024, and we remain on track to achieve by the end of this year, $34 billion of cumulative debt paydown since the Allergan transaction, maintaining a net leverage ratio around 1.8x. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding results and our financial outlook remains very strong.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Liz. 
Scott Reents: Vam, this is Scott. With respect to your question on the Imbruvica charge. So I think a couple of things. As we have signaled in some of our regulatory filings, our last 10-Q, for instance, we had indicated that if we were to be selected in the negotiation process under the Inflation Reduction Act, that there would likely trigger an impairment. And so we had anticipated that this would be happy. And so the timing really relates to the fact that under the rules, you have to look at the fair value of that intangible asset with respect to future cash flows. And so the accounting rules would require that we would make that analysis upon selection as we had kind of previewed in our filings. And so we went through the process under that triggering event to determine what the impairment should be. And I would say that when you look at that impairment, the magnitude of the impairment is driven by a number of factors, but really, one of the biggest factors that you're seeing there is it requires you to discount the future cash flow. So as we calculate the future cash flows, looked at what we had assumed was a reasonable assumption on the price, you discount those back. And so that creates part of the magnitude of this adjustment. In terms of the negotiated price that we assumed, I think we're in the middle of these negotiations, and it really wouldn't be appropriate for us to talk about what that is. But we looked at a number of factors, and we think that process is going to play out. Certainly, we will see on February 1 in a private conversation with CMS what they anticipate at least an initial thought on price, but it won't be finalized until September 1 of next year. And so we will see what that price is as the process plays out. 
Scott Reents: Yes. It's Scott. So with respect to the tax legislation, I certainly when can talk about what our facts are. But when we've looked at -- certainly, this results out of tax reform legislation a few years ago. The tax rules, there's always a little bit of uncertainty. And what happened this quarter, there was guidance that came out that, I would say, clarified a certain approach in treatment. Prior to that guidance, though, there was a little bit of a diversity of opinion amongst advisors as to -- and ourselves as to how we might implement. So I would tell you that we were already implementing consistent with how that guidance ultimately came out, and that's why you're not seeing any impact to us on our tax rate. 
Scott Reents: Gary, it's Scott. I'll start with your question regarding operating margin. So when we've looked at the operating margins we talked about in the past, for '23 and '24, we talked about those being very, very similar. So when you think about the operating margin that we've talked about for this year and next year, it's really about 46% to 47% range. This year, our guidance is 46.5% and we would expect operating margin in '24 to be very similar to what we're seeing this year. And then I think as a result, roughly the gross margin is going to be in line in '24 with what we're seeing this year as well as the expense profile. So very consistent with this year. And of course, we'll refine that when we come out with guidance. 
Rob Michael: Chris, it's Rob. I'll take that question. So since we provided that guidance in February, recall we gave a $10.70 EPS floor to really help investors model earnings regardless of whether the trough recurred in '23 or '24 we've raised growth platform sales by $1.4 billion covering immunology, neuroscience and aesthetics. We're seeing the IBD indications for Skyrizi and Rinvoq very nicely, and we continue to capture more share in their other indications, both Vraylar and our migraine portfolio have outperformed our share forecast and the strong recovery of Botox has led us to raise guidance for aesthetics twice this year. So given the clear over-performance of the growth platform, we decided to raise the floor to $11 ex IPR&D. We hope this provides investors the view of the low end of the 2024 guidance range and also confirms that '24 will indeed be the trough year. And given that we expect to deliver a high single-digit CAGR from '24 to the end of the decade, it should allow investors to value the company with a better growth multiple. 
Rob Michael: Maybe I'll start -- this is Rob. I'll start with your question. So one thing to keep in mind is that we mentioned in the last call that we had some dynamics in the international market when you look at the growth rates where we had more difficult comparison because of some of the -- some stocking that occurred in the prior year, that's something to keep in mind. We also do have a certain amount of seasonality that occurs in our business in the U.S. in particular. So those are things to keep in mind. I'd say as we look at it, we're very encouraged by the return to growth of the U.S. toxin market.  Botox is performing very well, and we're certainly doing a very nice job maintaining our share position despite competitive pressure. So I'd say we're very pleased there. I'd say on fillers, what we're seeing is probably more of a lag in the recovery. And if we've studied this market historically, we do tend to see a lag and that's really relative to thinking about the price point for fillers versus toxins. It's natural to assume that the recovery will take a little bit longer. So we are seeing that recovery take a little bit longer. We're still very, very encouraged by the trends we're seeing. We're very excited about the new fillers we've launched, both SkinVive and Volux. We're starting to see some nice share momentum come from those new introductions. And so from that standpoint, we feel very good. And then as we've been monitoring the situation in China, as all of you I'm sure have been watching very carefully. We saw, as you recall, a very strong recovery in the first half of the year. We've seen it moderate, and we're keeping a close eye on that. And so that's something we're obviously paying a lot of attention to. Now we look at the rest of the international business, it's growing nicely. And so as I think about the guidance for this year, I'd say we're fairly close. We're not overly concerned. We don't adjust guidance for plus or minus $100 million. If it was greater than that, we would consider it. So that's something to keep in mind. But as we look at this, the long-term outlook for this business, we're very confident. When you think about the U.S. toxin market, it's historically grown in the mid-teens and it's still heavily underpenetrated in the low single digits.  And market growth is really the key to deliver on our long-term outlook. We've seen this market rebound very strongly following a period of economic pressure, and we've demonstrated time and again that we can increase new patient starts for our promotional efforts. And something I think probably isn't appreciated is that we do have several innovations that can accelerate that growth. And when you think about the master and platysma indications for Botox, those can each add a few hundred million dollars. Our novel short-acting toxin BoNT/E has the potential to activate new patients that could really drive an inflection in market growth. As you think about one of the biggest barriers for new patients is fear of an unnatural look, and the short-acting toxin opportunity is a great way to unlock that. And then if you look at our regenerative fillers pipeline, those are aimed at providing both short- and long-term treatment benefits for consumers.  And as I mentioned, we're also very excited about the new fillers we've launched both SkinVive and Volux. So with this business, you see us go through some cycles with economic pressure. But over the long term, we feel very confident that we can certainly deliver very robust growth and deliver on that real than $9 billion expectation for 2029. 
Rob Michael: And then, Chris, this is Rob. On HUMIRA, I think if you think about the annualization rebates that given the rest increase in the second half of this year, so you have an annualization impact, and the additional rebates to secure parity access next year, really price should be the main driver of the erosion in '24. I mean volume will have an impact, particularly in wax sensitive accounts, but price will make up the vast majority of the erosion next year. And while we're not giving '24 guidance today, as you've mentioned, Chris, I've highlighted the average, it was about $7 billion when I mentioned that was a reasonable expectation for U.S. Humira next year. Now there are a few animals who have forecasted U.S. Humira above $8 billion next year, which is just not a reasonable expectation given the price dynamic. 
Rob Michael: Steve, this is Rob. I'll take your first question. So the base year is '24. And if you think about it, we signaled that we expect to return a robust growth in '25. And so that high single-digit CAGR really would pick up that first year of robust growth of 25%. If you start in '25, you miss that your growth. So our intention has always been '24 is a base year and that high single-digit CAGR starts from '24 to the end of the decade. 
Rob Michael: And Gary, this is Rob. On your question regarding 2025 guidance, we do periodically update the long-term guidance for our portfolio. We're obviously very pleased with the momentum we're seeing both from Skyrizi and RNA, particularly in -- if you recall when we provided -- last time we provided guidance for Skyrizi, we had about $2.5 billion of revenue in IBD in 2025 and it was $1.8 billion for Rinvoq. And those are obviously ramping very nicely. We have a lot of confidence. We periodically update that guidance, we'll find the right time to provide a holistic update to our long-term guy. But clearly, the momentum is there. And the Street reflects that, too. I mean if I look at consensus, not for Skyrizi, I think it's around $11 billion. So it's $1 billion higher than our 2025 guide. So I think the market is recognizing the strong momentum, and we'll update that long-term guide holistically at the appropriate time. 
Rob Michael: And Jeff, this is Rob. You're right. We did lift the cap. We had put that $2 billion BD cap in place, although we are rapidly paying down debt. And we lifted that at the beginning of this year because we essentially -- by the end of this year, we're going to have paid off all the incremental financing from the Allergan transaction. As Scott mentioned, our net leverage ratio is around 1.8x. And I have said previously that as long as we're going to pass back to 2x that leverage in 2 to 3 years, that's the way we're thinking about balance sheet capacity. So as we look at it, there's nothing from a balance capacity standpoint that would limit us today for pursuing the opportunities we'd be interested in. So that's not a limiting factor. And to the extent that we continue to raise guidance and perform more strongly. That just means there's even more capacity. But there's -- at this point, that's not a rate limiter for the types of opportunities we'd be interested in. 
Rob Michael: So Evan, it's Rob. If you think about it, we're delivering dividend growth both in '23 and '24, while earnings are not growing, right? So then you look at the payout ratio we're at, we're going to be in the mid-50s. And we have said that over the long term, if you look at just across the industry as well, I'd say a good target is in, say, the mid- to high 40% payout ratio, which would mean that during this period where you see our payout ratio go up in the future, we're very committed to growing the dividend. We'll continue to grow the dividend, but we would expect then earnings would grow faster than dividend increases. So I would say we've gone through this period for a couple of years where we are still delivering a very nice dividend growth despite earnings declining. But given our commitment to that dividend, we're going to continue growing it. We'll likely see it step up from here, but not at the same rate as earnings growth because that payout ratio right now will be sitting in. So that's the way we think about it. Over the long term, we want to deliver a healthy, sustainable, growing dividend. And so we have a long view on this, and we are committed to delivering that growth to investors. And so that's the way we're thinking about it. We're going through a period of a couple of years here where earnings aren't growing. And then we see us return a robust growth, we'll step up that dividend again, but it's -- that's a dynamic that we're balancing here. 
Rob Michael: This is Rob. So clearly, we've communicated a floor for earnings. And Scott previously mentioned that I expect a similar level of operating margin year-over-year. And so you can model the sales accordingly. It should be fairly clear. 
Rob Michael: Operating margin profile, yes. So we said the 46% to 47% is the way to think about operating margin profile in '23 and '24. We've given you the $11 EPS ex IPR&D as a floor for next year. So I was just using those parameters to model revenue. . 
Rick Gonzalez: Lee, this is Rick. The other thing that you're looking at sequentially, you have to keep in mind is we do Botox today in the fourth quarter. So that elevates revenue in the fourth quarter, and that occurs every year. So if you're looking at third quarter to fourth quarter and trying to understand why is there a big step up, part of that step-up is that. 
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Terence, this is Rick. I'll cover it. That question for you. Yes, I think as we look at the business, as Rob indicated, we're extremely comfortable with how the growth platform is performing. And I'd say how we're managing the biosimilar erosion, which gives us a lot of confidence that we can deliver this high single-digit going forward. From '25 -- going forward through the end of the decade. So I'd say the bulk of what we're looking at, and we're in a fortunate position from that standpoint. There are many companies in our sector we need to go out and do lots of BD to be able to drive the growth that they're trying to achieve. We're not in that position. But I'd say the bulk of what we're looking at is we're looking to add assets that could give us incremental pipeline and revenue growth towards the end of this decade and into the 30s. That's what our -- the bulk of our focus is on. .  And I'd say if I look at AbbVie's track record, certainly, BD has been a critical part of how we've grown this company over the last 11 years. And I'd say, for the most part, we have done a pretty good job when we acquire assets and bring them in we can make them perform quite well. Skyrizi is a good example of that. Certainly, Allergan was another good example of that, and there are many others. So I'd say we value BD as a very important tool and how we should grow the business and how we should position our leadership positions in these franchises. Our primary focus is within the franchises that we're operating in. So let's take immunology as an example.  I would say our greatest focus in immunology is to continue to add additional mechanisms in particular, that could be used in combination in order to create deeper levels of clinical response in areas like IBD, rheumatology and other areas. So we continue to look for those. We have several already that are in development now, like Luti, like RIPK1 and several others in our pipeline, but we'll continue to look for additional assets that we could add to that. And like I said, especially focused on combination therapy because we think that is the way to get much deeper clinical remission or responses in those patients who aren't responding to things like Skyrizi, Rinvoq, which obviously performed exceptionally well.  So that's a big area. Oncology is another big area. We have a high level of interest in next-generation CAR-T technology. We have a high level of interest in T cell engagers beyond our BCMA product. I think as we look at that asset continue to develop, we are very convinced it has a best-in-class profile. And it shows us that for the right indication, T cell engagers can be extremely effective, and they're much easier to use and can be much more broadly brought to patients and CAR-Ts, at least the current version of CAR-Ts. So I'd say that's an area that we have a high level -- in psychiatry, we're interested in additional assets in anxiety and mood, and a variety of other assets, but that gives you some feel for it. And we obviously have the financial wherewithal to go out and do transactions. We need to make sure we find the right transaction. So it's a value-enhancing asset for the company. And when we find them, we will act on and we will act on quickly. 
Rick Gonzalez: Divan, this is Rick. I'll take the first question, and then Scott will take the second question. So on the pipeline, I think as I look at the pipeline and how we built the pipeline and how it's playing out, I think -- I don't know that I would call it underappreciated because you don't necessarily have access to all the data that we have on some of these programs. But we obviously invested significantly over the last several years in rapidly developing the indications for Rinvoq and Skyrizi and a lot of our focus had been built around that. But in parallel, we were advancing a number of other programs along the way.  And I would say the investment that we made on Skyrizi and Rinvoq are pretty clear the kind of return that we are getting for those assets. I mean, they're growing at a phenomenal rate. In fact, in the not-too-distant future, the combination of those two products on a running rate basis will be larger than Humira, to give you some idea of how rapidly those products are growing and how large they are. But if I look at our pipeline, the real meaningful programs that we have in our pipeline that will be true needle movers for the company, there are several of them that are advancing now I think we have a high level of confidence in 400, our topo warhead platform with our c-Met version of that, we're seeing very encouraging data in CRC. We'll follow that with non-small cell lung cancer. And that platform is demonstrating to us that it is a broad-based platform that we can expand to a number of other areas. And that should be a fairly significant opportunity for us going forward. Later sort of the '27, '28 timeframe, I think it's going well have meaningful benefit play through. And then I'd say the second one is 383, our BCMA bispecific. As we indicated earlier, we're seeing more and more data out of that program that clearly tells us this has a best-in-class profile, high levels of efficacy and very good safety and very convenient dosing.  We think it has that ideal profile to be able to enter this market. And as you know, multiple myeloma is a very large market. There are very significant products in this market. So those are two opportunities. I would obviously say, $16 million. And some of our TA programs are also exciting programs that are running in parallel to these. We'll be getting more data on those next year. And I think those have significant opportunities as well. The third program I talked about is in our eye care business. It's our REGENXBIO program for both wet AMD and diabetic retinopathy. We're seeing some very, very encouraging data out of that program, and that could be a nice opportunity for us as well, and it continues to advance. So there are a number of important programs that you'll start to see more and more data as we go through '24 and into '25 that I think will give the market an opportunity to be able to better assess those. 
Jeff Stewart: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll take the first question. Yes, we're very comfortable as we see things start to evolve and close here as we move into 2024. I mean if you think about all the indications that we've had 7 over the last 18 months, I highlighted in my remarks, 9 head-to-head trials. We're just a very, very nice position for Skyrizi and Rinvoq as we move into '24 to continue some very strong momentum that we're seeing in the actual. So quite confident in terms of how we're looking at that. And to your key point there on the price, we continue to see that we're not going to have a repeat of what we saw this year. And remember, the background there were those 7 indications that came very fast all on top of each other. And so that was the root cause of that -- of those concessions that won't repeat. Next year, we have really one more big indication, not 7, and that's Skyrizi you see that Tom highlighted. So we'll see the normalized price erosion more in line with industry forms versus what we saw this year. 
Jeff Stewart: Thank you for the question. It's Jeff. And I think you've got to take a step back regardless of the obesity issues and think about the overall strategy that we pursued, which was 1 of fundamental distinction. And I'll take your point over some of these head-to-head trials, and there's 9 of them, right? So if you take Skyrizi, just in psoriasis, we have gross superiority versus every mechanism in the category. So a head-to-head of gross superiority versus Humira versus the leading IL-17 COSENTYX versus the oral Otezla, and we also have versus Stelara. So fundamentally, when payers think about stepping or not stepping or how they would think about that, there's a medical dynamic there and that distinctiveness that we have across our program is very, very important to help manage maybe the urge of the payers to think of formulary structures like that. If you think about your comments that you have -- that you heard yesterday or the day before, that's a very different dynamic.  I mean, if you're not that different or you have the same efficacy as a Humira, it's not going to go that well on some of these formularies. And so I think you got to take a step back and look at the fundamental distinctiveness that we have on both Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And I think my last comment would be, let's take Reno, which is growing very fast, 60%, okay? All of that is in the second-line plus setting. So from a strategic standpoint, it's already stepped. And so when you take a look at those dynamics, we remain quite confident that as we rely on the power of raising the standard of care, that will help us navigate any of these scenarios, whether it's related to obesity or not. 
Jeff Stewart: Yes. This is Jeff. I'll highlight the -- your comment on the head space and IBD. I mean the IBD market is very, very attractive. If we think back historically, we were always, frankly, a little surprised at how fast Humira back in the day grew when we started to achieve the UC and the Chrome's indications. And again, I would say we're very, very pleasantly encouraged about the momentum. The momentum is very, very significant. So there is significant headroom. And what we see in the market dynamic is that unlike what you might think that patients would always want to rotate off of their medications because of the severity of the disease, actually physicians haven't been able to really move the market very much over the years, simply because it's very dangerous to try to go to another drug that hasn't provided any increase in benefit for those patients. It puts those patients at risk. So when you look at what Tom had highlighted, our ability with two complementary assets -- for example, in the U.S., Skyrizi position in the early lines, Rinvoq position in later lines, both of which have exceptional performance criteria versus the market. That gives us a lot of confidence. The other thing that gives us a lot of confidence because there will be more competitive entries in the future is we think our profiles are going to hold up exceptionally well. And then there's the commercial executional component in most of the countries around the world, we have dual sales forces that basically will carry two products with four big indications. So our ability to compete in the market for share even as it gets a little more competitive over time, is still going to be very, very strong. So lots of headroom in the market, lots of unmet need in the market, and we believe we have the best position in the market for the foreseeable future. 
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Geoff, it's Jeff here. And we continue to study the tail. I mean it's something that we're -- we look very closely at -- we continue to think that the Humira tail will emerge sometime in '25 or '26. And that's looking at some of the international analogs, how we think we see pricing may move I mean the one thing that we do believe is that you're not going to have a small molecule like tail, which is virtually nothing. There's going to be a sub-segment of patients that are going to stay on Humira. It's going to be modest, whether it's low price or low volume, but it will be there even in an interchangeable world. We don't necessarily believe that since we've outperformed here in volume in '23 that that's going to fundamentally change our view on the tail at this point. And again, we're still highlighting that. In terms of Stelara, obviously, we think in the U.S. that will not come until -- and I think it was recently confirmed this week until sometime in '25. And so overall, we think that's a modest net positive for AbbVie in terms of how that may play out. But that's not the primary driver of our strategy. Our primary driver of the strategy is how distinctive we are across our indications with Skyrizi versus Stelara, which I've already highlighted. So I hope that helps. 
