Liz Shea: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rob Michael, Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; Roopal Thakkar, Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Chief Scientific Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan Aesthetics. Before we get started, I’ll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So, with that, I’ll turn the call over to Rob.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Scott. We’ll now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Louise. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Scott Reents: Thank you, Roopal. Starting with our second-quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.65, which is $0.10 above our guidance midpoint. These results include a $0.52 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were nearly $14.5 billion, $450 million ahead of our guidance and reflecting robust growth of 5.6% on an operational basis, excluding a 1.3% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Importantly, these results reflect more than 18% sales growth from our ex-Humira growth platform. Adjusted gross margin was 85.2% of sales. Adjusted R&D expense was 13.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 22.9% of sales. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 42.6% of sales, which includes a 6.5% unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Net interest expense was $506 million. The adjusted tax rate was 18.8%. Turning to our financial outlook, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.10 to between $10.71 and $10.91. This EPS guidance continues to contemplate approximately $0.19 of dilution for the pending acquisition of Cerevel, which is expected to close soon. Please also note that this guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond the second quarter. We now expect total net revenues of approximately $55.5 billion, an increase of $500 million. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. This revenue forecast includes the following updated assumptions with the entire sales increase, once again, driven by our ex-Humira growth platform, which is now on pace to deliver nearly $6 billion of sales growth in 2024. We now expect Skyrizi global sales of approximately $11 billion, an increase of $300 million due to strong performance across all approved indications. Rinvoq, total revenue of approximately $5.7 billion, an increase of $100 million reflecting continued robust uptake in IBD. Venclexta total sales of approximately $2.5 billion, an increase of $100 million reflecting momentum in both U.S. and international markets. And for aesthetics, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.5 billion. Given slower-than-expected near-term market growth, particularly in the U.S. and China, as a result, our total sales guidance for Botox and Juvederm will each be lower by roughly $100 million. Moving to the P&L for 2024, we continue to forecast a full year adjusted gross margin of approximately 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 14% and adjusted SG&A expense of 23.5%. We now anticipate an adjusted operating margin ratio of roughly 44.5% of sales, in line with our previous expectations after including the approximately 2% impact of acquired IPR&D expense incurred through the second quarter. And we forecast our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 16.3%, also reflecting the impact of IPR&D. Turning to the third quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $14.2 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.3% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.92 and $2.96. This guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding performance and I’m very pleased with the strong momentum across the portfolio heading into the second half of the year. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Liz.
Scott Reents: Thanks, Terence. This is Scott. I’ll handle the question. So, with respect to 2025, as you know, we haven’t given guidance yet and we’ll provide that at a later time. But we have communicated a few top-level, high-level items to put in context of several dynamics at play next year. We have indicated that we’ll be returning to robust revenue growth, despite the headwinds from Medicare Part D redesign and continued Humira erosion. And when you think about robust growth, we characterize robust growth to be above industry average growth, which we see in the low-single digits. So when you think about the drivers, I mentioned in my remarks that we have $6 billion of growth from the growth platform in 2024 that we’re expecting. $5 billion of that is coming from Skyrizi and Rinvoq alone, our neuros franchise is growing by more than $1 billion and aesthetics has begun to recover from the economic headwinds. In 2025, we see incremental contributions from Skyrizi UC, which was recently approved, as well as 951. All these factors demonstrate strong momentum in the business. And then when you think about the offset of Humira, that erosion that we have expected this year at $4.5 billion. Last year that erosion was $6.5 billion and we do expect another step down in absolute dollar terms in 2025 for that erosion as well. So that will be less of a headwind to growth in 2025 than it was in 2024. So we feel very, very strong about that. And I think from a Part D perspective, we’ve talked about the several points of growth headwinds that we see there. And I think when you model that, you can think about those several points as approximately a 3% headwind to growth. So, overall, very strong momentum from the business with some headwinds, but we feel very confident in our ability to return to robust growth at the topline. Regarding EPS, the bottomline, we see EPS growing in line with that revenue growth that we’ve talked about. So, EPS will benefit from operating margin expansion. We’ve talked about that operating margin expansion will be on the SG&A line as we leverage the revenue growth and drive efficiencies and we have a good history of doing that. So, that operating margin will expand. However, that expansion will be roughly offset by the fact that in 2025, we’ll have a full year of interest expense associated with the financing for Cerevel and ImmunoGen. So robust growth at the topline and in-line growth from an EPS perspective.
Scott Reents: Yeah. This is Scott. I’ll take the question regarding EPS growth or earnings growth in line with the revenue growth. So when we look at this, as I mentioned, we’re looking at a couple of things. The SG&A that we’re driving some operating margin expansion, we spent a lot of time focusing on that and we do see some efficiencies that we can drive, and we do have the ability to leverage that. So there will be expansion operating margin, which you would expect to then let earnings outpace the revenue growth. However, there is this offset and we had a very successful bond offering when we set the financing in place for Cerevel and ImmunoGen. So, but that will be an offset to the operating margin expansion. So you can think of those two as essentially netting one another and then driving that earnings growth in line with the topline.
Scott Reents: Steve, this is Scott. I will talk regarding the revenue. So, just to clarify, we did raise the revenue guidance in total from $55 billion to $55.5 billion, a $500 million raise and that included a $300 million raise for Skyrizi, a $100 million raise for Rinvoq, a $100 million raise for Venclexta, a $200 million spread across other products and then a $200 million reduction in the guidance for aesthetics. So, we do see very strong momentum in the business and we did raise our sales guidance from $55 billion to $55.5 billion.
Scott Reents: Trung, this is Scott. I’ll start with your question regarding the long-term guidance on aesthetics. So you’re right. We’ve guided to a long-term $9 billion in 2029 and we’re not changing that guidance. The guidance changed, as you noted, that I mentioned today is just a short-term guidance change for 2024. We remain very confident in our ability to hit that $9 billion in 2029. When you think about these markets, there’s very low penetration in the markets globally. There’s a lot of excitement in the space and we expect the market to recover and grow at historical rates. I would say when we look at the market growth, we do see that rebounding and growing well. And then you also should think about there’s additional innovation coming that will drive that. So, we have some of the additional indications in Botox that Roopal walked through, as well as the quick onset short-acting toxin BoNT/E that will also drive additional market growth. And so we continue to feel very comfortable with our ability to achieve that on a long-term basis in 2029.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Hi, Chris. It’s Jeff. I’ll take that question. So, as noted, we’re very, very pleased with the fundamental momentum on Rinvoq and Skyrizi. So all of the indications are really hitting their stride. So we can see the impact of, obviously, consumer investments we’ve made. We’ve adjusted some of the sales forces. We’ve started to anticipate the ulcerative colitis that’s helped us basically increase our share of voice. And I think the other dynamic in terms of some of the incremental strength has come from this dynamic that we started to see earlier in the quarter where some of the Humira switching that takes place actually starts to accrue towards Skyrizi and Rinvoq because the physicians, when there’s this disruption in the market, will sometimes bring in those patients and start to assess them, and we saw about 20% would move to other mechanisms. So while it’s a component, there are certainly multifactorial approaches why we see this very, very strong volume dynamic and share capture for both of those agents. If I move to the contracting for 2025, obviously, the contract season is in progress and it’s progressing, and the negotiations are well underway. I think it’s important, if you’ll recall, that we already have some multiyear contracts in place that cover 2025, so that’s a positive dynamic. The remaining payer negotiations, as I mentioned, are underway and we anticipate that those will close out during the normal cycle. I would say that, at a macro level, we do expect to maintain parity access next year for Humira for a meaningful portion of lives across all of the channels. Now, that said, our Humira access will certainly be lower than this year as we continue to anticipate and watch certain segments of the market move to adopt biosimilars. And we’ve understood and planned for this, obviously, as we enter that third year of the biosimilars and so we’re well aware of dynamically evaluating how this is going to work out. So, certainly, things are progressing. We already have some in place from those multiyear contracts and we’ll be in a better position to provide some more information, obviously, later in the year as those negotiations or the remaining negotiations fully close out.
Jeff Stewart: Thank you, Rob. And maybe, Chris, one more point that I didn’t address was the Skyrizi and Rinvoq contracting. So we are anticipating very robust and consistent access for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And our former comments around sort of low single-digit price erosion should be quite consistent with what we said before. Obviously, the Medicare Part D is a separate dynamic. So things are stable and we’re anticipating ongoing very strong access for both of those brands.
Jeff Stewart: Maybe because it’s worth mentioning, so some of that shift in promotional activity that you mentioned, we did talk about in the first quarter that that was a destocking that occurred of inventory levels. And when Carrie made her remarks and we spoke about it last quarter, we said that would reverse over time. We did see that reversing in the second quarter on a partial basis. And when you think about the reversal of that Q1 destock, you can think about from the U.S. market that really would reduce by 50% or cut in half the growth rates we published for the actual results for both Botox and Juvederm. So we saw that partial reversal of that destocking event and then we will see that continue to unwind throughout the course of the year, especially as we have some of our larger promotional activities and the back half of the year with Botox Day and Juvederm Day, we do see typically an inventory, a stocking uplift from those activities.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Thanks for the question. It’s almost like a bimodal phenomenon. So, the 20% I highlighted, so if you just look from our data, when we just look at the CVS template, so we can see the degradation of Humira that goes down pretty steeply because, remember, it’s an exclusion. So, Humira is no longer widely available at all. So, most of it happens within the first two weeks or three weeks. And in that one segment, we see that the biosimilar doesn’t take up all the Humira loss and we can see it moving to other mechanisms, particularly Skyrizi and Rinvoq. So that’s within, let’s say, the acute biosimilar event. Now, to Rob’s point, what he highlighted is, if you take a step back and you look at the macro market, we’ve started to see in the first quarter and second quarter that the overall molecule, so that’s the adalimumab molecule, inclusive of biosimilars, has started to compress faster than it did before there was the availability of this action that was taken by CVS. So, it’s a doubling of effect, acutely in the segment that takes place with the exclusion and then the wider market. Now, we’re watching this pretty carefully because we haven’t -- obviously haven’t seen something like this before in terms of the compression of a molecule. So, that’s basically the dynamics that we’re seeing. And we do think it’s because some physicians or segments of physicians are, they realize that these biosimilars where there’s an acute interruption, they want to check how the patients are doing. And if they’re not fully in remission when they come in for their appointment, let’s say before the switch, sometimes they’re transitioned at the rates that I described. So that’s sort of the prescriber behavior. Now, where is it coming from? Like, well, we actually see that it is accruing across all of the indications, particularly Humira has quite robust, let’s say, base dynamics in the rheumatology indications. But we can see it in rheum. We can see it in derm. Derm to Skyrizi in particular, which is probably not a surprise given the position. I highlighted a 38% share and a 60% in-place share for Skyrizi and derm. And we also do see it to some degree in gastroenterology. So, to Rob’s point, we’re going to continue to monitor that. If the overall molecule would continue to compress, obviously, there would be some mitigation of some of it accruing over to Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and so we’ll have to continue to see how these weeks and months play out here over the third quarter.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Thank you for the question. A very important question in terms of how we commercialize these. Roopal highlighted it. Obviously, you have the two big indications with two assets within those indications. And so we have constructed, not just in the U.S., but around the world, a very sophisticated approach in terms of multiple sleeves of representatives and medical experts that are representing both drugs across both indications. And it really is, let’s say, for example, in our largest market, the U.S., it’s relatively easy to execute, because what we see is that our representatives can highlight Skyrizi’s data and potential as the obvious frontline agent, which is obviously tremendous data. I mentioned the sequence data. I mentioned our core data. The naive to biologic data in UC is absolutely fantastic for the Skyrizi data. And then, really ironically, because of the label changes that took place a few years ago, Rinvoq is positioned in later lines. So, really, that sort of approach is highly synergistic in terms of we recommend that physicians consider starting with Skyrizi and the efficacy will be fantastic. But to Roopal’s point, there’s still pressure on that disease and then you have a backstop with tremendous, tremendous data on Rinvoq in later lines. And so that’s how we position it. We look and we monitor the cannibalization. It’s quite modest, and overall, when you look at the dynamic of share capture, it’s quite encouraging to see how the infield teams and the commercial teams are managing all of those assets. So, we’re very encouraged about how we’ve approached the market in terms of our execution and I think the results are speaking for themselves.
Jeff Stewart: And Steve and Jeff, so to give some sense, so we’re looking at coming up on the third year of biosimilar. So, the first way to think about it, in the first year 2023, we had very strong parity access across all the channels and we really exited the year around, I think, 97% or something like that. This year, I think, when we look at all the ins and outs, I think, the three-quarter approach is quite reasonable, and as I mentioned in my remarks to early one of the questions, it will certainly be lower next year and I would think that that range would be around that 0.5 point, but again, we’re not fully complete with all the dynamics. So, that gives you some broad spectrum over three years, maybe around the halfway point, plus or minus, as we go into 2025.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Hi. It’s Jeff. We’re very pleased with how both of the indications are performing and we monitor them very carefully, certainly with bipolar and aMDD. So when we look at our quarterly surveys of our target physicians and really our whole call cycle, we can see now that Vraylar is the most preferred agent overall for bipolar disease based on its indication set, its tolerability, its efficacy, et cetera. And we’ve really gone to the very top of the lead table for aMDD as well. So, if we look overall on our demand, we’re tracking above 20% in terms of the push. We continue to focus our team and where necessary add share a voice in terms of our sales force. So, we’re quite comfortable that we can continue to grow our share, which has been growing very, very nicely, particularly on the MBRX side, and certainly, face the competitive dynamics and navigate those as we go forward.
Rob Michael: And Chris, this is Rob. Just to reiterate an important point that Jeff made, I mean, one trend that we are watching very closely is the switching from the Humira molecule to new mechanisms. I mean, we are starting to see an inflection that is accruing to new mechanisms like Skyrizi and Rinvoq, as Jeff mentioned. And it makes sense, doctors that are reevaluating the patients in their practice are likely looking at more than just the patients that are covered by CVS. What we have factored in is the CVS impact. What we didn’t factor in necessarily is an impact beyond just the CVS-wise. And to the extent that trend continues, it would represent a downside for Humira and an upside for Skyrizi and Rinvoq, which is a very good long-term tradeoff for us. That’s an important point. We want to make sure that was captured.
Rob Michael: Hey, Carter. This is Rob. I’ll take your question on Cerevel. Look, we’ve made very good progress with the FTC and have certified substantial compliance to their second request. No divestments are expected. I would expect the transaction to close soon, potentially as early as next week. We’re obviously very excited about the potential best-in-class therapies in Cerevel’s pipeline, especially emraclidine for schizophrenia, davapidon for early Parkinson’s and their core antagonist for major depression. I mean, these assets clearly will be great additions to our neuroscience franchise.
Rob Michael: Yeah. Vamil, thanks for the question. So, the $11 floor, again, was on an ex-IPR&D basis, where obviously with this guidance, ex-IPR&D, I think, we’re just a little bit over $11.40 and we’re certainly positioned to return to robust growth. I mean, we’re delivering robust revenue growth this quarter. When you look at the outlook for 2025, it’s very strong and so we should be beyond the conversations on the floor at this point. As we think about the tradeoffs for the long-term and the short-term, clearly we have an on-market portfolio today that can drive the growth that we need to deliver on that high single-digit, top-tier outlook in this decade. So our BD efforts continue to be focused on early-stage assets that can drive growth in the next decade, and you’ve seen us execute nearly a dozen deals this year along those lines. These include new mechanisms in immunology that can combine with Skyrizi or Rinvoq or be pursued as model therapies. We’ve also added new platforms, including multi-specifics, that have applicability in immunology and oncology. Our deal targeting in situ CAR-T therapy is another example of a platform investment in oncology. And we added a novel mechanism for psychiatric disorders, given our focus in neuroscience. So we intend to continue adding more depth to our pipeline in our core areas, particularly think about early-stage deals, because what we’re really trying to set up for is that growth in the next decade. We have a clear line of sight to top-tier growth this decade and we want to position the company to deliver strong growth in the next decade as well.
Rob Michael: And Steve, this is Rob. If you just look at, as I mentioned in my remarks, the first half of the year, we talked operational growth around 4%. If you -- the implied operational growth in the second half, based on our guidance, would be slightly above that and really driven by the ex-Humira growth platform, which on a reported basis, grew more than 18% this quarter. And so we’re very pleased with the performance of the business, and I think, when you look at the guidance and you do the math, you’ll see that the actual implied second half operational growth is slightly higher than the first half.
Rob Michael: Yeah. So, typically, again, in some cases we are able to secure multiyear contracts. And as you can imagine that we would do that for the portfolio, basically, the way that our products work. So, that does help with the visibility in terms of what our access would look like for 2025, as well as the pricing dynamics. Again, I want to clarify that the negotiating season is not fully complete, but the dynamics are progressing, as I highlighted there. So, yes, to your first question. The other dynamic in terms of Cordavis, I’m not sure that that’s actually changing the dynamics in terms of the negotiations overall. That was obviously a volume-related deal with CVS that we announced over a year ago or almost a year ago now. So it doesn’t necessarily play into other negotiations. Each of these payers and pharmacy benefit managers, they have their own ideas in terms of how they want to approach the I&I category and certainly the Humira -- the emergence of the Humira biosimilars. So it’s a CVS-unique dynamic.
Rob Michael: So, Louise, this is Rob. I’ll take your question. Look, we like the aesthetics business. When you think about the growth profile, the profitability, we have set it up as a fully integrated standalone unit, because it behaves differently than the therapeutics business. We think we’ve actually seen, since we announced the transaction, really strong performance. We’ve exceeded our deal model expectations since we announced the deal. So we think it’s operating very well. Obviously, we’re working through some macroeconomic headwinds. But when you look at, for example, share performance, we had the entry of DAXXIFY last year and we did not lose any share. I think a lot of investors were concerned that we’d see considerable share loss. And so I think the team has done a remarkable job of competing in this marketplace, going through a period with economic headwinds. We’re still very confident given low penetration rates, given our relationship in the field, the potential innovations that we plan to bring forward. It has a very nice fit. And you think about just from a profitability and a growth standpoint, it fits the profile we’re looking for. So I certainly feel it’s a nice fit for the company. As it relates to the election, look, it’s hard to handicap it, whether Democrat or Republican. If you think about we’ve obviously contemplated the Inflation Reduction Act. We’ve come out and said that even with modeling that impact in, that we still expect to deliver on our long-term outlook. Now, I will say our view on the IRA from a policy perspective is we’re certainly in favor of the Part D benefit redesign because it helps address patient out-of-pocket burn. But the price-setting provisions in the IRA will certainly harm long-term innovation in our industry. So, we are hopeful that if it’s a new administration or the current administration, that they’ll reassess those provisions that ultimately are harmful for long-term patient care in the U.S. I mean, it clearly takes away the incentive to launch in later lines of smaller patient populations, which is really a very unfortunate negative outcome for the legislation. So, the way I view it is addressing patient out-of-pocket burden is good policy, but taking away the incentive for innovation is not, and my hope is under either administration, that will be reconsidered.
Roopal Thakkar: Hey, Mohit. It’s Roopal. I can talk about that. With respect to orals, we did do this deal with Landos and this is our NX-13asset, which we’ll anticipate a readout end of this year, beginning of next year. Early data point to good outcomes in ulcerative colitis and this asset works through NF-kappa-beta, so you’ll see what we’ve observed in preclinical models is reductions in IL-6, IL-1, TNF, interferon gamma. And it’s potentially a monotherapy and one that wouldn’t have a boxed warning. So far, the safety data has looked good. But there’s also opportunities, we believe, as you mentioned, combinations, that you could still combine with Rinvoq. And as I mentioned the boxed warning and in certain geographies, Rinvoq is utilized post-anti-TNF. Even with a combo there, there’s still opportunity. The second and third line segments in IBD and across immunology continue to grow, and they’re getting larger and larger as patients cycle through biosimilar anti-TNFs. We’ll see them cycle through, for example, in IBD with IL-1223, like Stelara. So in the future, there’s multiple opportunities. And the way we think about these is do we see an asset that is novel and can address mechanisms that haven’t been addressed yet, and can they complement something like Rinvoq? So if you see a little bit less efficacy, that may be okay if it’s complementary. It may not work necessarily as a monotherapy, but we still see opportunities for a combo. And given the other assets that we’ve talked about that could be IV or sub-cue, we still see a lot of opportunity with Skyrizi. In a platform study in IBD we’ll kick off later this year, looking at various combinations, many of the assets that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, including a TL1A, including our own internal alpha-4 beta-7, could be added on to Skyrizi to drive that efficacy even higher because there’s still a bit of a ceiling effect. And I would say the unmet need in IBD in particular continues to be quite high.
Roopal Thakkar: Trung, it’s Roopal. I’ll take the next question on the pipeline. So, we continue to be excited about bispecifics, in particular lutikizumab. And it’s an IL-1 alpha, and importantly, also 1-beta. And this, we believe, distinguishes it from earlier generation assets that were singular, and let’s say, only took out IL-1 alpha. We see, I would say, very, very strong benefits in hidradenitis suppurativa and I don’t think that was observed as a pure monoclonal. And the efficacy that we’re seeing is in a 100% anti-TNF failure population and very sick, early Stage 3, 70%. It is one of the most severe, probably the most severe ever studied. So we think there continues to be potential in the bispecific space as you take out multiple cytokines. The way to address it is through engineering of the assets. The other way is combination, so we can get to that bispecific approach through combos. And then, thirdly, I would say earlier in the pipeline is the multispecific approach, which the advantage that could provide is you maintain your bispecific approach, but then a third arm, let’s say, can target specific cells and that could further enhance efficacy, and in particular, safety. And we’re looking at that approach in immunology and as well in oncology, and that was reflected in our partnership with Tentarix.
Roopal Thakkar: Jeff, maybe to add. it’s Roopal here. There is going to be competition, but what we see as a benefit clinically for Vraylar is that full spectrum coverage in bipolar and when you’re able to take mania, you don’t need an adjunctive therapy for that. So that’s a big advantage. The other thing that we continue to hear and probably reflected in our data is the really limited impact on fatigue and sedation. And so what we’re hearing is with Vraylar, patients really don’t have to sacrifice their daytime productivity in order to gain that benefit. And then the other benefit, I would say, with Vraylar is flexible, adjustable dosing. So these things together, I think, underlie what Jeff was speaking about.
