William Chase: So Andrew, in terms of HUMIRA, if you look at the overall growth rates outside the U.S., I can't give you a complete slice of what IL-17s are doing specifically, because it impacts market by market. But broadly, when you look at our assumptions that we had around biosimilars and the underlying growth of the markets, things have been progressing very, very well. So you look at major markets across Europe, we've got market growing in the low teens, no changes there. And if you look at HUMIRA share, very, very minimal change year over year. Biosimilar Remicade has not had a major impact on the brand in any way whatsoever. And Enbrel, as we had told you at the beginning of the year, we anticipated a 2 to 3 percentage growth impact, but that was more or less based on the pricing that we expected the biosimilar to come in at. So the biosimilars have been performing very much in line with our expectations. The new entrants to market – look, it's something we're watching very closely. But the reality is, those new entrants tend to get slotted as for patients that are ultimately anti-TNF failures. And so while they are ultimately gaining some traction in the market and they're picking up market share, I don't think you should read that through as a direct erosion to the market share of HUMIRA. Again, in fact, we've got a very, very strong market share position across those markets.
William Chase: Ami, it's Bill Chase. HUMIRA's kind of a difficult brand to look at on a sequential quarter basis. First of all, it's a very well-established brand – growing rapidly, but well-established. If you go back and look over the years, it is not unusual in the U.S. or abroad to see a general flattening out over the summer and then an acceleration back in the back half of the year. And that is the pattern that we're seeing this year. Now, could there be some degree of inventory between Q2 and Q3 that's impacting that sequential growth? Yeah. I mean, look, minor moves flow – impact that sequential. But really at the end of the day when we look at the brand, and we look at the dynamics around the brand, and we look at the prior year destock that we saw in the second quarter, and the subsequent restock in the third quarter, there is nothing that is alarming us about this third quarter. You have you to remember that our second quarter results had 26.7% growth. That was largely related – that difference from the 20% was largely related to a destocking event in the second quarter of 2015, and we're just seeing the impact of the restock in the third quarter of 2015. So we actually feel very, very good about it. We're guiding fourth quarter above 20%. We feel very, very good about our full-year forecast.
William Chase: Okay, so, John, just to clarify on the price, the net price comment refers to what happened to net price before any future price actions. Okay? Now, what we're not saying is that there will be no net price increase next year. We still have within our contracts the ability to raise price and see a positive impact on the P&L from those actions. The net price actually has to do with, without any future price increases – which, by the way, that isn't how we're modeling the year, what we would expect – price would be an a constant basis without price increases. The contracts allow us to take net price. And any net price increases, any price increase that we took, would have a positive impact on our bottom line. That's the way you need to think about it. That said, in 2017, we are planning conservatively, as we always do. We're approaching the 2017 guidance with the exact same philosophy on how we plan for price increases that we have in the past. So hopefully that helps out. And then from a P&L management standpoint – look, the SG&A ratio, we're very pleased with. It's really a couple different things. There is a leverage impact from the rapidly growing top line that obviously we've been delivering over the last few quarters. That said, we look at our spend. We're looking at admin very, very closely. We're looking at the productivity of all of our SG&A investments, as you would expect us to. And we fund projects based on an ROI and a return. And if they have positive ROI, we find a way to get the money in the right places to deliver the return. In terms of HUMIRA, we are not backing off our spend on HUMIRA. The spend on HUMIRA has been the driver of the spectacular growth that the brand has put up. And all of those programs are very, very high ROI, which as you can see – as you can imagine based on the sales growth.
Michael Severino: Well, I think we can comment on the clinical trial experience as probably the best ability to assess the rates. And there the AFib rates have been in large data sets, so big Phase 3 studies, on the order of about 6% to 7% on a number of – across the studies that make up our label. And there is a background rate, of course, for AFib in that population as well, which runs in the low single digits. And for bleeding events, we're seeing bleeding events in about that same range of patients. And, again, there's a background rate in the population. With bleeding, most of the episodes of major bleeding that we've seen in our clinical trial program have generally been associated with other precipitants, so trauma or other events that might be associated with bleeding. And, again, there's a background rate there as well.
Michael Severino: Yes, this is Mike. What I would add is, as a leader in immunology, we have a very clear understanding of the profile that we believe will be competitive, not only today but in the future and in the timeframe that these products will launch. And when we look at, in the case of the two molecules you mentioned, the Phase 2b data to make a decision on either advancement or in-licensing, we kept that profile in mind. And I think each of those assets stands up very well to that understanding of what we'll need to be competitive. With the JAK, for example, that's why we focused on differentiated efficacies, strong efficacy in very difficult-to-treat patient populations, and very, very strong data at the higher-levels response, endpoints like remission, low disease activity, durable ACR70s, and the like. And for risankizumab, it was it was really the same thought process. We looked at those data and we believed, based on a very substantial set of clinical trial results, that the efficacy there was truly differentiated. And we can point, for example, to the approximately 50% posi 100 response for risankizumab in Phase 2b with very favorable pharmaceutical properties of that agent, very favorable dosing that we believe is attainable in Phase 3 and in registration. So we're keeping that profile in mind, and we're advancing assets that we believe will be competitive in the future.
Michael Severino: With respect to Elagolix, we're obviously aware of the competition and keep a close eye on competition across all of our franchises. But we feel very good about the position we have with Elagolix. We have a substantial lead, having completed two Phase 3 studies, and competition is considerably behind that in terms of timing. And we're going to continue to drive that program forward. The efficacy and the safety results that we see, we view very favorably. We think they support the value proposition that we had in mind when we entered into Phase 3. And we're going to continue in subsequent studies, in post-registration studies, Phase 4 work, if you will, to continue to define that profile. Add-back could be an important part of that profile, and we are pursuing that. And there may be other strategies to continue to enhance the value proposition for Elagolix. Then we're going to be driving forward with that aggressively.
Michael Severino: Yeah, this is Mike. With respect to the basket study for Rova-T, so this is a study that has eight arms, and each arm looks at a different type of the tumors that have neuroendocrine features and share the same underlying biology as small-cell lung cancer. Examples of these tumor types might be the large-cell component of non-small-cell lung cancer, a form of pancreatic cancer that has neuroendocrine features, subsets of colorectal cancer and metastatic melanoma, for example. So each of these eight arms is going to look for response rate in refractory patients with those tumors. And when we see a response rate that we view as indicative of good activity, we would then have the ability to expand out both those cohorts and start additional studies that could be registration-enabling, following the same conceptual strategy that we did with Rova-T and small-cell. Of course the nature of what each registrational program would look like would be tailored to the individual tumor type. But this is a study that could rapidly trigger additional registrational work in those other tumors as we see signs of activity.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. With respect to CAR-Ts, obviously there's been a lot of activity. It's still early days for the use of those agents in later-stage trials and obviously not yet being registered agents. And there's also a lot of work that is going on to try to figure out what is the right functionality that one would want to build into a CAR-T to optimize its applicability across a range of both hematologic and other tumors. And so we're keeping a close eye on the space. As a leader in immunology with our very strong presence in oncology, obviously there are a lot of skills that we bring to the table that we think we could apply to CAR-Ts. And we'll continue to monitor that area closely, both with our internal work and keeping an eye on the external environment.
Michael Severino: Sure. This is Mike. And we've certainly heard the comments that you're referring to by AZ, but we agree that they've not been very specific. I don't think we can really speculate on what they have in mind. What I can tell you is with ibrutinib, we're moving forward very aggressively, very rapidly across a number of fronts, moving to front line in CLL, advancing our programs in other areas like non-Hodgkin lymphoma. So we're really focused on raising the bar there and making sure that we're driving IMBRUVICA as rapidly and aggressively as we possibly can.
