Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Also on the call with me today are: Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements that we make today are or may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is included in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. In addition to the news release issued this morning, we have also posted slides on our website at investors.abbvie.com that supplement some of the content we'll be covering this morning. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So now with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Thanks, Vamil. We've got now almost 90 minutes, so we got only time for one more question. Obviously, after the call, we'll be available to answer and address any additional questions that we're unable to get to in the queue today. So, operator, we'll take the last question.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Thanks, everyone. That concludes today's conference call. You could access a replay of the call at our website. Thanks again for joining us.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. Today, we'll be covering two topics. I'll briefly discuss our third quarter performance and operational highlights, and Mike and Bill will walk you through the quarter in more detail. Then, I'll provide an update on the company's long-term strategic and financial objectives. And as always, we'll provide ample time at the end of the call to answer your questions. We delivered another quarter of outstanding performance, with results ahead of our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.41, up 16.5% versus last year. We also delivered strong top line results in the quarter with operational sales growth of 8.8%, driven by a number of products in our portfolio. This includes HUMIRA, with global operational sales growth of nearly 15%, and IMBRUVICA, which grew more than 37% versus the prior year. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, we are raising our full-year 2017 EPS guidance to $5.53 to $5.55, reflecting growth of 14.9% at the midpoint. During the quarter, we announced the global resolution of all intellectual property-related litigation with Amgen over their biosimilar to HUMIRA. We're pleased with this settlement, which we believe demonstrates the strength of our HUMIRA IP portfolio and further demonstrates our confidence that we will not see direct biosimilar competition in the U.S. until at least the 2022 timeframe. Importantly, this will allow a number of key assets within our robust late-stage pipeline to enter the marketplace and establish a strong growth trajectory. Mike will provide additional color around recent advancements across numerous pipeline programs, but I'll briefly mention a few highlights. We're very pleased with the significant progress we've made with several late-stage assets. In particular, the data readouts for upadacitinib and risankizumab illustrate that both of these therapies have the potential to be highly differentiated best-in-class agents across a range of immune-mediated conditions. We've established strong leadership in immunology with HUMIRA. The 2019 commercialization of both of these therapies will allow us to further grow that already strong position. We're also very encouraged by the results from the Phase III MURANO trial, which evaluated VENCLEXTA in combination with RITUXAN for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory CLL, an indication for which we received Breakthrough Therapy Designation. An independent data monitoring committee reviewed the MURANO study and made the recommendation to unblind the trial based on the strong positive results. The full results of the study will be presented in an upcoming medical meeting, and we're moving forward with our regulatory applications. Finally, this morning we announced we received Priority Review for elagolix in endometriosis. This status, which shortens the FDA review period, is granted to medicines the agency determines have potential to provide significant improvements in the safety and effectiveness of the treatment of a serious disease. There have been no new treatments for endometriosis-associated pain in well over a decade. So if approved, elagolix will represent an important treatment option for this painful condition and underserved patient population. In summary, we continue to demonstrate outstanding performance, driven by our strong commercial, operational, and R&D execution. We have delivered strong financial results, and we're making significant advancements in our pipeline. I'll discuss our outlook for 2018 and provide an update on our long-term strategic and financial objectives following Mike and Bill's comments. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, so let me talk a little bit about the psoriasis market first. I think what is being confused here is the slowdown in our product versus the slowdown in our market, and we had something similar happen roughly a year ago with a different product. If you think about when OTEZLA entered the market, it really drove a number of patients, particularly the more mild patients into the market. And if you recall correctly, we saw the psoriasis market rate grow very rapidly over that period of time, the market rate. And essentially, what we're seeing now is that that product is no longer gaining traction. And therefore, that group of patients and that growth is no longer in the market. But if you strip that out, which is what we do all the time to look at our performance, because we really compete in more of the moderate patient population where the biologics tend to compete, moderate to severe, that rate has stayed the same or accelerated. In fact, it's actually accelerated a bit because you'll have patients that don't get adequate response on OTEZLA that then move on to a biologic. And psoriasis is one of the fastest-growing segments we operate in, mid-teens growth rate. It's a very robust market. It's a highly attractive market. We perform extremely well within that market. And so I'd say our point of view is very different, and I think our performance clearly demonstrates that it supports our point of view as being different. So I think it's not a question of the market, it's a question of the performance of that asset and what it drove into the marketplace. On your third question, which was HCV greater than $3 billion, look, we're certainly tracking below $3 billion today. MAVYRET is off to a very good start, and I think MAVYRET does offer a significant opportunity for us going forward. I'd also say that we need to see this market sort itself out. This is a more challenging market to have a high degree of predictability in what you're going to be able to achieve and sustain over the longer term. Patient volumes have changed pretty dramatically. The competitive response in this market has been robust in certain situations. And so we're just too early in that launch to make those kinds of predictions. We've obviously dialed in a certain level of HCV performance for 2018 in what we're projecting. I'd say we're optimistic, in fact, I'd say very optimistic about the uptake that we're getting in the marketplace. But we probably won't reach a real steady-state level until the second quarter of 2018, and then I think we'll be in a much better position to make longer-term projections. And based on the fact that I made one of these projections before, I'll probably wait till I have a little better idea of what that rate looks like. Elagolix, I think, Jeff, you make an excellent point. This is an area where women are suffering from a significant level of chronic pain, and our clinical trial clearly demonstrated that we could reduce the level of pain medication use. And I think we would be hopeful that that will be something that's identified in the label. I think the trial was designed in a way where that should be something that would be an objective for us, and we do think it will serve an important purpose in treating people with endometriosis. And so we need to go through the regulatory process, but that certainly will be an objective that we have for the asset. I think it will be an important objective for the asset going forward. And I can tell you that we're extremely excited about the opportunity for elagolix.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Jami, if you look at our objective when we launched the company, we knew from day one that there was a point of time when we would be dealing with biosimilar competition on HUMIRA. And our whole focus on building a pipeline, a robust pipeline, was designed to allow us to be able to grow through that period. And we talked over and over again about the importance of the 2019 date in order to launch those products and ultimately be able to drive them up the growth curve to the point where they are profitable and they are contributing significantly. And I think as we continue to advance, we are hitting all of those milestones that we set for ourselves to be able to do that. And so I would tell you that our whole intent was to be able to drive through that erosion curve that we expected. I'd also say that as we watch biosimilars play out, mostly in the international markets is where we've seen most of the experience. They are operating in a way and the counter-strategies that the innovators are using are operating in a way that is consistent with our model that we will use, and we'll actually start that model in 2018 in markets that are going to see at the end of 2018 biosimilar competition outside the U.S. We're seeing erosion that is consistent with what we assume. And I think we will be able to deal with that in a way that is effective. And so I would say could you have some lumpiness at certain points? I think you could. Do I think will we be able to grow through it on an extended basis? I don't think there's any question that we'll be able to grow through it.
Richard A. Gonzalez: On the managed care contracting, so we're through all the contracting for managed care and PBMs for 2018. HUMIRA has over 95% preferred covered lives coverage, so we're very pleased with our overall coverage range. And so I don't know specifically how many of those bridge into 2019, so I don't have that data available. But there was one change, and that was in Aetna, where Aetna did change our status for new patients. We've maintained existing patients, but Aetna is not a large number of covered lives, so that doesn't have any material impact on the brand or on the company, obviously. But as I said, we have a little over 95% preferred access, which is clearly where we want to be.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So I think if you look at the psoriasis business – and I'd say in general, if you look at all of the areas where HUMIRA competes, it has been and continues to be a relatively crowded market. That hasn't changed the performance of HUMIRA, and I don't expect it to change going forward either. Certainly, there are room in this market for significant additional biologic penetration. In fact, if you look at the psoriasis market, it has the lowest biologic penetration rates of the three major segments – rheum, GI, and derm. Derm is the lowest of the three, so it certainly has the greatest opportunity to be able to drive additional biologic penetration. And there clearly is an opportunity to have differentiated products within that segment where you have very, very high efficacy products, like our IL-23, that fit in a portfolio with products like HUMIRA. And in fact, as we look at our positioning within that market, that is how we think about it. We think about HUMIRA will still be a workhorse product within that market, and risankizumab will fit in for where physicians have patients that ultimately want a higher level of efficacy, and it clearly has a very durable response. I think the perception is in derm that over time you see a waning effect of these drugs. And in fact, if we look at the risankizumab data, what we see is just the opposite. As we go out in time, the response becomes more robust. And in fact, if you look at total clearance, it's 60% I think at 12 months, which is very impressive. We haven't seen an agent that looks like that. Convenience of dosing is going to be another significant thing. There will be patients who prefer a less frequent dosing regimen. And so we see these attributes being able to fit together quite nicely and serve the broader patient population. I think there's always pricing dynamics in every market that you operate in. I don't see anything in this market that has changed significantly, and I don't anticipate that we'll see something that changes, certainly over what is a reasonable time horizon, the next couple of years. So I don't see any dynamics there that overly concern me. This is still going to boil down to having the right assets and having the right team to be able to execute those assets. And we view the whole concept of both upadacitinib and risankizumab in combination with HUMIRA give us a powerful portfolio of medicines to be able to serve this market even more broadly than we serve it today, and that gives us tremendous opportunity to be able to grow this business going forward. We've given you some projections of what we think the market will look like and what we think we'll be able to do. If you think about those projections, the market that we compete in, these assets, $5 billion to $6.5 billion is what we're projecting for each asset by 2025. That represents roughly 7% market share for each asset. This is a big market. It's a market that is growing at a very rapid pace, and it's a market that the fundamentals still suggest that you can drive biologic penetration levels higher. And certainly, our execution level around that has demonstrated that. On capital deployment, we're in the nice position that we have a business that generates a tremendous amount of capital. And as we continue to grow it at the rates we're growing it, that cash is only going to grow over time. And our first priority is always to deploy that cash against strategic opportunities to be able to continue to grow the business. One of the things we did when we started the company is we committed that we would put in a long-term strategy that would allow us to be able to create a pipeline and fund that pipeline in a way that we could sustain growth over the long term. So we're always looking out in that period of 10 years to say do we have sufficient assets in the pipeline to be able to grow it? So I would always tell you that we'll be looking for those kinds of opportunities. And when we find them, we're going to go after them, and we're in the position to be able to do that. And I think we have the team that can go out and has demonstrated it can execute to get those assets when we want them. And then the second part is, obviously, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders. We've certainly demonstrated that, both in the dividend – I mentioned in my comments, we've grown the dividend over 77% since we became a public company, and we've made significant share repurchases over that five-year time period. So we're in a position where we want to continue to grow that and look for opportunities to grow that. If we get tax reform that gives us greater access to our offshore cash, that will allow us to invest more in the U.S., and it will also allow us to be able to return more cash to shareholders, and that would be desirable to us.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Well, I don't know that I would describe them as lessons learned. I think as we indicated when we launched MAVYRET, one of the things that we look carefully at is what segment of the U.S. market would be available for this asset and what was the right go-to-market strategy to be able to access that, because we certainly viewed that as the early opportunity. And then obviously, we drove our decision to come out with a WAC that was in the price range that we came out with it. So whether you call that a lesson learned or you just say that basically in our analysis of how to be successful in this segment of the market, that was the strategy we came up with. I think you can look at it either way. Certainly, I think as we look back at that decision, that was a good decision that clearly has had the impact that we had hoped it would have. And I think in general, we like stability in this market. Certainly, this is a market that has had significant price erosion over the last several years. Most of our contracting is positioned in a parity fashion, and we're totally comfortable with that. In fact, that's our preferred position because we believe this asset can compete effectively, quite effectively, on the attributes of the asset itself. And I think that is the positioning that we're using in the marketplace, and it's been effective.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, I'll handle the Amgen settlement piece. We have an agreement with Amgen that we have not released all of the specifics around the contract between us and Amgen, and I'm certainly not going to do that now. What I would tell you is this. What gives us confidence that we're not going to have earlier launches? Let's disconnect it from whether or not Amgen would be able to go to the market or not, is the fact that, one, we believe this clearly demonstrates the power of our IP. Number two, we've been very clear about our position and how we'll enforce our IP. And if necessary, we will attempt to get a preliminary injunction to block anyone that launches if they violate our IP. I think if you look at the rulings that have come out of the patent office around the formulation patents alone, I would say that would be an extremely compelling argument with the court in order to obtain a preliminary injunction against someone. And I think the precedents would suggest that it would be unlikely that the court wouldn't follow what the patent office had described as they reviewed those patents and reaffirmed those patents against the challengers. And so I think what gives us confidence is we fundamentally believe, one, that's an incredibly risky strategy for someone to take based on the size of this asset and the damage that would be done and the consequences of that damage if they lost. Number two, I don't know that I can be any clearer about what our intent is, but I think they understand what our intent would be to defend it. And number three, I think our probability of success of getting a PI is high.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, Vamil, this is Rick. So HUMIRA pricing was your first question as it relates the long-term guidance. I think obviously, we do a long-range plan. What you're seeing is the result of what comes out of that long-range planning process. That's where these numbers obviously come from. And we have communicated previously I think to the investment community that our typical strategy is that we are conservative particularly on the out years because it's much harder to predict from a pricing standpoint, so we tend to be relatively conservative on those out years. We evaluate it as we get close to the coming year what we think the dynamics are. We have recently come out and said that in 2018, we'll have one price increase, similar to what we did in 2017. And that price increase, I can't remember the specific language. Bill probably can. But it basically said that it would be below double-digit, and that is how we plan on operating in 2018. And so I think it's consistent with all of that. As far as biosimilars outside of the U.S., we've obviously spent a lot of time studying both the Remicade biosimilar, which has been out there for a longer period of time, the Enbrel biosimilar. We're watching the Remicade biosimilar here in the U.S. as well. And we've modeled both our strategy and our expected erosion curves against the experience that we've seen there and the competitive response that we've seen and the effectiveness of that competitive response. We've communicated as part of the previous long-range planning guidance that we gave, is that what we expect is for the brand internationally to peak at in 2018 and then start a modest erosion curve as we see biosimilars enter the marketplaces outside the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2018 moving forward. And if you model that going forward all the way through 2020, what you essentially would see is from peak to 2020, the erosion is about 15% or 20%. Now what you have to remember is, unlike some of these other drugs, we are growing volume. In fact, we're growing volume outside the United States at a rate of high single digits, low double-digit volume increases. And if you looked at some of the other brands, when the biosimilar entered the marketplace, they weren't growing volume, and so therefore, they would have a greater impact on what their revenues eroded over that period of time. So if you actually dial back in what we're assuming in the way of volume growth that will occur at the same time, then instead of being 15%, as an example, the number would be closer to about 25%, let's say. And that's relatively consistent, probably a little bit on the lower end compared to Remicade or Enbrel, but I'd say it's within the range of what we've seen from them. Now obviously, we hope to execute even better than that, but I think for planning purposes, that's a reasonable way for investors to think about it. Your third point was erosion starting in 2023 and the impact that price would have at that point. Again, we have an erosion model that we've built. I think that erosion model is reflective of what we think is likely. It has built into it what we think the pricing assumptions would be leading up to that. And 2023 is a long ways out though. So we need to continue to monitor that, and we'll obviously adjust it along the way. But I'd say right now it factors in a relatively conservative level of price leading up to the biosimilars entering the marketplace.
Richard A. Gonzalez: If you look at elagolix in endometriosis, that deck that we provided you will give you the specific numbers, but I'll do this from recall. There are approximately about 2.5 million women in the U.S. that are diagnosed. We think that undiagnosed is probably in the range of about 4 million women. So obviously, it's a big opportunity, and it's the earlier opportunity. Now, there are more patients who have uterine fibroids, but uterine fibroids are behind endometriosis. And so clearly, we think this is so multibillion-dollar opportunity in endometriosis. It is one that will require education because this is an area where there hasn't been any real new therapies in this market for 10 years or so. So it is going to require both patient education as well as physician education. And so it will have a ramp that is consistent with the kinds of assets that require that kind of market development. And we're going to start that market development from a disease awareness standpoint prior to the approval of the drug. So we'll be starting that in 2018 to start to prepare the market for the launch of elagolix. But I think it's a very significant opportunity, and it's one we're obviously preparing for a high-level success. As far LUPRON is concerned because of the side effect profile of LUPRON, LUPRON is incredibly effective at this. The problem is that it completely shuts down the access, and so it has all of the implications of essentially putting the patient into menopause. And so it's not a very desirable drug to use for this particular indication, and therefore the sales for this area are relatively modest. So it won't have a material impact at all. My guess is it will have significant erosion of the little bit that it has, but that won't have any kind of material impact overall. And on MURANO, obviously, today we have a label that's essentially for 17p deletion, which is a relatively – it's an important segment of the market for those patients because they have difficult outcomes, but it's a relatively small number of patients. The broader relapsed/refractory indication in CLL is a very significant opportunity. So this will drive – once we have this in the marketplace, we would expect that this will drive significant revenue ramping of VENCLEXTA.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Certainly. So on upadacitinib, what we've said is that we monitor the program very carefully, and we look at the aggregate data. And so when we monitor the data at this stage, we're looking in a blinded manner across our entire database. And it's important to understand that because I can't give you a rate that is a upadacitinib rate today without talking about unblinded data and ongoing studies, and I can't do that. So what I'll do is I'll talk about aggregate rates. And what we said and what remains true is that those aggregate rates are consistent with the background. And we've said that the background, there's variability in that background, but those estimates are around 0.8. And so that hasn't changed. It also hasn't changed that we haven't seen anything that we consider a signal. And the aggregate of our monitoring program tells us that all the statements that we've made are still holding.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, and so this is Mike. I'll take the question about Stemcentrx and our overall portfolio. So as we mentioned on the call, we have a very robust portfolio overall in R&D. And certainly within oncology, we are building considerable momentum. As I mentioned, we have 20 programs in the clinic, 17 of those are in early development. And that's a mix between Stemcentrx and other AbbVie programs. And so that makes it difficult to give you a percentage that Stemcentrx will represent going forward because, of course, that's going to be based on the total number of programs that advance into later-stage development. What I would say is we're seeing encouraging signs across that portfolio, on stem programs and other programs of activity, so we'd expect to advance a number of those programs. And with respect to your question about targeting technologies, we certainly have a number of ADCs in our portfolio. We feel that the talents we have as an organization fit that very well in terms of our skills in small molecule chemistry and protein engineering and antibody engineering, but we are in no way limited to ADCs. We have very robust capabilities in small molecules, in novel biologics beyond monoclonal antibodies. We have a presence now in oncolytic viruses and other novel means to modulate targets. And so we're going to look at the targets that we have available, and we're going to pick the best modality that we can to address them, and that is in no way going to be limited to ADCs.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: So small-cell lung cancer remains an area of very, very substantial unmet medical need. The standard of care hasn't changed in many years. And we view it in a positive way overall that there are now some therapies that look like they can make a real difference here, Rova-T included. I'm not sure that the bar has changed substantially though. So for example, if you look at third-line or greater small-cell lung cancer, there are no approved therapies. Response rates based on expert opinion, because there really are no good clinical studies here, would probably be in the low single-digit range, if not zero. And survival is dismal. And as Rick mentioned, with recent I-O releases, objective response rates of 10% or 20% are meaningfully different from that. And so there's a huge unmet medical need here, and there's an unmet medical need that relates not only to response rates but also to getting patients on a course that allows them to have good long-term outcomes. And those longer-term outcomes have been a strength of Rova-T based on its stem cell-targeting approach, cancer stem cell-targeting approach. So while there are encouraging signs, there's still a huge unmet medical need, and I don't think the bar has changed substantially.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, so this is Mike. With respect to the RA studies for upadacitinib and what will support an NDA next year, as you mentioned, we have six studies, and those cover a range of patients from methotrexate inadequate responders to biologic inadequate responders. They include active comparator studies and studies aimed to look at structural endpoints. And so we will file with at least five studies of the six. We've always considered five studies our core. There was a sixth study, which is a structural study, which was originally anticipated to take longer than the others, but it is moving forward ahead of schedule. So it's possible that that could actually come in at a time that it can be included, but we're going to continue to evaluate that, but it would either be five or six studies that we would include.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Certainly. So with respect to rates across the program, I think the best answer that I can give you is the answer that I gave you in my prepared remarks, which is that we monitor the program in aggregate across all of the studies. And of course, we're still blinded on the majority of the studies and therefore the majority of our database. And when we look at that and when we look at those rates, those rates are consistent with the background rate that we've stated on a number of occasions. We're going to continue to monitor carefully, but we do not see that situation change. I'll also refer to the remarks I made about our DMC. We are firewalled from our DMC by design, but our DMC has access to all of the data, including the unblinded data, and they have consistently recommended that we continue the program without any modifications. And if they had concerns, you certainly wouldn't expect that to have been their course of action. With respect to platelet changes, we've looked at it. We've not seen any changes with platelets. Platelets remain stable on therapy. And I think platelets don't seem to be playing any part of the picture for upadacitinib. In terms of launches in UC and Crohn's, it's early on in those programs. So we're always going to try to move as quickly as we can and advance programs rapidly, but we're not seeing any bottlenecks in sites. We're not seeing any bottlenecks in patients. In fact, recruitment across the program has gone very well, I think indicative of strong investigator and patient interest in the upadacitinib program broadly.
