Larry Peepo: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. Also on the call with me is Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Laura Schumacher, Executive Vice President Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'll remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is included in our 2014 Annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today's conference call as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website.  We want to remind you that we issued two separate news releases this morning in advance of today's call and have also posted slides on abbvieinvestor.com that supplements some of the content we'll be covering this morning. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Larry Peepo: Thanks, Rick, and we'll now open the call for questions. Operator, we will take our first question please.
Larry Peepo: And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to the replay of the call please visit our website at abbvieinvestor.com. Thanks again for joining us today.
Richard Gonzalez: Thank you Jami for all those questions. So, we'll cover each and every one of them. Let me start with the management comp. I mean, I think similar to probably the other companies in our industry, the vast majority of the executive team's comp is in long-term incentive that's associated with the appreciation of the stock. So, I'd say we're directly linked to that. In addition to that, for the top people within our company, we have two levels of incentive plans. One, is basically focused on the short-term plan year and then we have one, which is a longer term plan that basically is designed to hit a three-year out target, where you would set things like this operating margin target and so the bottom line is yes, I mean, there's perfect alignment between all of these metrics and how people will be rewarded against those. To your second question, which was, is the GAAP primarily the timing of biosimilars? I'd say, that's accurate for the most part. There's probably more penetration and more growth in the indications in general that are built-in versus the Street but the more significant part is the assumption that we're making around the timing of U.S. biosimilar entry. As far as the Amgen CEO, I read the comment. I find the comment encouraging, but I'm not going to comment specifically on what they said. I think, to your point about, is the Street just now coming around to our point of view, I mean, in fairness much of this IP has only really come out in the last two years and I think both competitively that is now something that people who were interested in coming up with a biosimilar are having to evaluate. So, it's not like they had a lot of time. The Street certainly didn't have a lot of time to be able to evaluate that as well. I'd say, secondarily look, there was no advantage to us going out early and touting that either. We were to make sure that our strategy was in a position that was solid and where we wanted to be and we worked hard over the last three or four years to get our strategy in place and we're at a point now where we're confident to be able talk about it, and you heard my words, so you probably can't be much clearer about what our intent is and so at the end of the day, I think, in fairness to the Street you now have all the information you can determine your point of view around that. I'd say on the confidence in the IP, we have a high level of confidence in the IP, and so I think we feel very good about our position and if anything, our tendency, when we do our long-range plan is to be a little bit on the conservative side. I'd say the Europe assumptions that we're making as an example, I think are clearly conservative. There's far more opportunity for upside than there is downside and that's normally how we try to build our forecast because, we want an opportunity to be able to make sure that we achieve those. On the operating margin, I think what your question was, was, is it almost all driven by sales leverage? No, and I think, the way to think about it is this, so, in Bill's comments, we guided to the end of this year being 42.5, because remember the fourth quarter will have high Synagis sales and we'll also have a full quarter of IMBRUVICA. So, we have more partnered revenues in the fourth quarter. So that tends to be dilutive as I described. So we'll exit this year somewhere around 42.5, but then I think that the way to think about the target that we've set here is you have to back out the dilutive impact over the five-year LRP, which is about 200 basis points. So you back down to about 40 as your starting point. So you're going to go to 40 to something north of 50, so about a 10 point improvement. If you look at that 10 point improvement, and I've Bill here with me, roughly 25% of it comes from the royalty reduction on HUMIRA that will occur between '17 and '18, about 30% of it comes from cost reductions, cost management kinds of programs and the remainder comes from the leverage that we see of a fast growing top line with expenses being managed at a significantly lower growth rate. That's how you ought to think about it.
Richard Gonzalez: So on the 2016 guidance, I mean, obviously, we've just gone through our planning process for 2016, and the way we do planning is we build everything up from the bottom up, product by product, and we make determinations as to what we're going to assume for each product based on a set of assumptions that we think are absolutely realistic and so we have an HCV number that's in our 2016. We tend to be a little bit on the conservative side when we build these up so that we have the flexibility to make sure that for any unforeseen events, we have the ability to be able to manage our way through those and I'd say, this plan is no different than previous ones that we built, but specifically, for HCV, I'd say HCV will have some growth built into it year-over-year because just the gadding [ph] of how the countries have rolled out over time internationally you're going to get year-over-year and we're just launching in Japan now, well, we're not launching. We will be launching shortly in Japan now and Japan's a significant opportunity for us. So it will create a year-over-year growth driver for us as well. So, I'd say there is growth built into the HCV franchise, but let me specifically talk maybe about this $3 billion running rate, because I know I made that prediction in the early part of the year. If you look at where we are right now, what I would tell you is, we're going to be close, but we're slightly below that right now in the fourth quarter. At least as what we had built into our current guidance for the year and is the function primarily of the fact that -- in the beginning of the year, the number of patients being treated was significantly higher. We've seen that trend down. We've seen some changes in VA, in the United States. So, I'd say, we're going to be close. We could make it, but we might miss it and as I said, we tend to build conservatively what we have in the fourth quarter right now is slightly below that.
Richard Gonzalez: 494, based on the profile that we've set up. I would say $4 billion of risk-adjusted revenue for an asset that has that profile in that timeframe isn't a stretched number from our perspective at all. When you look at the level of response you have in the TNF inadequate responder patient population, which as I said in my remarks represent about 35% of the U.S. patients, we assume it's something similar to that in Europe. It's a little more difficult to get to the data in Europe. It's a sizable population and it's in the population that has relatively limited number of options available to it. In addition to that, when you think about how biosimilars will ultimately roll out, I think it's a good assumption to assume that biosimilars are going to capture some portion, maybe a significant portion but at least some portion of the new patients. So they're going to be generating more TNF inadequate responders. Now, they might rotate to another TNF after that but, a proprietary product will have an opportunity in a biosimilar world to go after those nonresponders, and so that's a very significant opportunity. In addition to that, obviously to my comments about our organization representing this product will be a goal to be able to take the appropriate patients and try to move them to the appropriate kinds of therapies. So, patients that aren't responding as well on HUMIRA, obviously we would want to move them to 494 as an alternative. So when you look at all of that, I'd actually say that the $4 billion number is not a number that we're uncomfortable with.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. So, I don't know that the 50% margin target would be realistic in a more catastrophic kind of situation. What I would tell you is, we've obviously laid out contingency plans by country, because this will be rolled out by country obviously, right as biosimilars enter those countries and we have an erosion curve that we built by country and if the country starts to fall below that erosion curve, then we'll do what we always do and that is, we will manage the expense base accordingly. So, we have the ability to be able to manage and offset the profitability like we would do with any type of LOE. So at the end of the day, I think know whether or not it had a 50% margin target or not, we would put a contingency plan in place that would allow us to try to maximize profitability or preserve profitability under that scenario. Having said that, what I will tell you is, we have a high level of confidence in what we've built here and we don't build LRPs that we don't believe we can achieve. Again, we're not showing you anything different than what our internal LRP says that we present to our Board every year. So, at the end of the day, I can tell you, we have a high level of confidence that we can deliver against what we've put here. The learnings from Amgen. I'm assuming you're talking about sort of the whole IP and litigation process for Amgen. I'm going to have Laura address that for you.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. Thanks Laura. Then on the European erosion curve, obviously as part of this planning process we have built a very specific erosion curve for both Europe as well as the United States when we get beyond 2022. So, what I would say to you is, I'll walk through the European one or I'll walk through the international one, I guess more generally. What I'd say is, it's fairly complex, because there are lots of different variables if you think about it right, you're going to have countries rolling out at different times as they enter those countries and they get pricing approval within those countries. Not every country is exactly the same, how you get pricing approval. So, there's sort of this gated period where you go across country by country as biosimilars would enter it. The second thing is, you have to layer in what our strategy will be, and we've built a strategy by country. There will be countries where we choose to take price erosion to maintain all of the patients, new patients and well-maintained patients. There may be countries where we choose to only keep well-maintained patients, and do something different from a pricing standpoint. So, there's some complexities around that. Then the third point that I'd say to you, that's very important as you think about this, because I'm going to walk you through what the erosion looks like here in just a moment, is when a biosimilar enters the international market, these markets are still growing. As I said, they're growing like mid-single-digits and so as I described to you what the erosion looks like, the number I'm going to give you is lower than what they could actually capture or the price erosion might ultimately translate to, because they will take a certain portion of that market growth within those markets. So having said all that, I think the simplest way to think about the erosion curve is this, if you think about international HUMIRA sales, they will peak in the forecast we laid out for you here, all the financials we've laid out, they peak in 2018 and from 2018 then they start to decline, and if you move out two years to 2020 which is the year we're characterizing for you, the erosion of the international HUMIRA business is about 15% to 18%. Now, having said that, the impact or the opportunity lost, that probably is the best way to think about would be greater than that, because without biosimilar competition, HUMIRA would've continued to grow in those international markets beyond that period of time, and so it probably sounds a little lower than you would've expected, but it's because you have to think about it in those two components, part of the component is it will take some price out of the market which will reduce market growth, the other component is and they take some new patients. So, they're taking some of the market growth out that way, but just say what is the impact on AbbVie? It is the brand peaks at that point and it declines about 15% over that period of time.
Richard Gonzalez: So, on the EPS target, I would just tell you that at the end of the day, we built it up from the bottom up and we don't come up with your number. At the end of the day, you're going to assume 50%, 60%, 70% operating margin profile and get pretty big numbers, but if you're going to drive this level of growth, you have to invest in the business in a way that allows you to be able to do that. So I think the numbers we have forecasted certainly represent the top tier in this industry and they're the numbers that we're willing to stand behind. On operational growth internationally for HUMIRA quarter versus quarter, what I'd tell you is this, we sell HUMIRA in almost 100 countries around the world, right and many of those countries have tenders and tenders don't always fall consistently in the same quarter. So, quarter over quarter, doesn't necessarily give you a very accurate picture of how the brand is growing, although I'll address it here in a moment to answer specifically your question. I think the best way to think about HUMIRA internationally, I'd like to choose this year as the example is the [indiscernible] growth rate is for the first three quarters worth of growth and compare it to what the prior year was, I think that's the most reflective way to look at it, and I would say that revenues are up about 8.3% year to date, year-over-year. Volume is up about 10%, so slightly down in price, which is consistent with what we've seen in previous years, nothing unusual there, and market share is stable at just under 34%, versus the prior year, and I would tell you that's well within the range of what we expected when we did our plan and it's tracking consistently with what we expected as it relates to our plan. So, international HUMIRA is performing the way we would've hoped and expected it to be able to perform. Now, if you look at quarter versus quarter and I'm assuming you're specifically talking about third quarter versus second quarter. If you look at third quarter versus second quarter, it's down about 1.3% or 1.4%. 1.4%, which you have to recognize, I'm sure you're aware of this, the month of August in Europe is the holiday month, right and so most physician offices don't have the same number of office days. In fact, they have very limited number of office days. So you get a significantly lower level of new patient starts in the month of August versus other months in the year and therefore every year the third quarter is lower. In fact, if you look at last year, I think last year, it was down about 4% or 4.4%, and so, that's a common trend that we see. I'd also tell you as I mentioned at the very beginning, this -- if you look at it quarter to quarter and you don't make all the adjustments for any kind of anomaly of tenders between those periods of time. It's not very meaningful information for you. So I think the best way to look at it is year-to-date how are we performing and I'd say when you look at this level of performance, we're pretty comfortable with it.
Richard Gonzalez: Thanks Vamil. So, let me start with HUMIRA competition. I think, as you know, this is in particularly take RA as an example, it's a pretty crowded field already, and there's the pretty good mechanisms in there, and yet still the TNF still control the vast majority of this market. It's a tough market to break into even with fairly good profiles of drugs. Now, having said that, I'd say there are some good profiles that are starting to emerge. The IL-17s are a good example. I think IL-17s have a pretty strong profile, but what typically happens in this area is those mechanisms for quite a period of time are relegated to the failure patient population, because physicians are comfortable. There are many other factors that are built into it and they tend to take up that failure population for at least a number of years and that tends to be the areas that they grow in. Now, over a longer period of time, they might have a more material impact, but as I mentioned, our assumption is and I think this is a valid assumption based on our experience in the past is that HUMIRA will have some erosion in the United States, but relatively modest erosion over this five-year period of time, and that because we're assuming biosimilars don't come into the marketplace that is driven by these other innovative products that enter the market. So that is our assumption around that. As it relates to neuro, maybe I'll have Mike talk a little bit about some of the earlier stuff, but I'd say our work in Alzheimer's an example there really isn't anything that's built into this planning period, but --
Richard Gonzalez: I'll just add a couple of points on Zinbryta, I mean, we're obviously doing a lot of the work to prepare as we anticipate approval of this product, so we've been doing market research and a fair amount of work in preparation and I'd say the profile of Zinbryta is a pretty compelling profile and as Mike mentioned, the unfortunate thing about this disease is that patients relapse and they relapse on average, probably about every 2 to 3 years on the current agents and this is certainly a high efficacy agent, from an annualized relapse rate, reduction and when you look at it versus the active comparator it has good performance. I think the other thing that is appealing to physicians is the compliance aspect of it that from a dosing standpoint, they know they'll have drug on board for an extended period of time. So, I think Zinbryta will have a very important role in the treatment of MS patients and it's going to be one of the things that physicians are able to go to, a more -- I'd say a higher efficacy kind of agent. We don't view it coming in as the first line but certainly as patients rotate through that, we think it will compete quite effectively in that second line.
Richard Gonzalez: I'm not sure I could give you the exact percentage of the contracts. I'd say the vast majority of them are protected through -- vast majority of the volume is protected I'd say through 2016, but, let us get back to you with something that's maybe a little bit more specific. As it relates to the label, as outlined in my comments, this was obviously moving from not recommended to contraindicated, and if you look at the patient population in Bs and Cs, it's a relatively small patient population. It's probably something in the 3% or 4% kind of range of U.S. patients. So if you look at it purely from the perspective of that, it wouldn't be a big impact and frankly the fact that we weren't recommended and contraindicated in Cs you wouldn't assume that there was a lot of volume treating those patients anyway. Having said that, I will tell you we've gone out and contacted probably now around 80% of the physicians that prescribed the drug to make sure that they understand the changes in the label. I think that's gone well, and the feedback I'm getting directly back from the commercial organization. So, that is going well. We've gone back to all of our contracted -- our contract managed care contracts and other contracts and that has gone well, they understand it and I think, agree that in the previous label it was outlined in a way that probably there wasn't a tremendous amount of use there anyway. Having said that, I think we have to wait for -- see how this plays out for the next maybe 30 days or so to be absolutely sure, but right now, we are assuming based on everything that we know, that we'll have a material impact on the brand. The drug pricing. Well, certainly, I think if you look at the debate around drug pricing, it's not likely to go away. In fact, I think with a political debate that's going on we'll probably continue to hear more about it and I think, everything isn't consistent across our industry. Certainly a lot of the debate came around taking old drugs and raising the prices a very significant amount. That's not a model that we have or we participate in. I think the important thing for our industry, the innovative industry is that we continue to bring out drugs that have a significant impact and we price those drugs in a way that gets the right value proposition, the right return for the value that those drugs have, both the clinical value but also the economic value and we demonstrate that economic value. I will tell you, in the international markets like Europe, where HUMIRA has competed for a long time, those are markets that looked very carefully at the economic value that their healthcare system pays and obviously HUMIRA has done extremely well in those markets and it's because it is a good value proposition and I think a lot of the areas that we're in, in specialty pharmaceuticals, it allows you to be able to do that. It allows you to be able to create a medicine that has truly outstanding impact for patients and also has the right economic value proposition and then pricing them accordingly. So, I don't fundamentally believe we'll see a significant change, but I think the debate will continue on and I think our industry needs to respond in a way that's appropriate to that.
William Chase: No, I mean, obviously, if you look at this long-range plan, there's going to be pretty robust cash generation. As we get out a couple of years, that can clearly fund larger M&A if we deem that's necessary. To the extent that, that an opportunity isn't readily apparent, well then, we'd certainly have to look at other things to do with that cash and share repurchases could very well be part of that.
William Chase: And Mark on AndroGel, clearly it has performed better than the Street was thinking and frankly it's performed a little bit better than we were thinking. The market still is in decline. However, what you're really seeing is less uptake or less impact on the brand from the generic 1% formulation. It's something we're just going to have to keep our eye on, but so far so good.
William Chase: Yeah, so, if you look at this business since we separated from Abbott, the tax rate has been pretty consistently in the 21% to 22% range. That's largely driven by our need for U.S. cash for certain items. So, as we do our LRP again, what we do is, we build it on a fairly conservative basis and what I would tell you is our assumptions are that that tax rate in the 21% to 22% is the right assumption for this business over the next 10 years.
William Chase: Yeah, but you've got IMBRUVICA which is largely a U.S. product for us from a tax rate. So, that actually lifts the tax rate the other way. So, I mean, you've got a lot of different things in the mix, Mark.
William Chase: So, our numbers for Q3 -- our volume was higher than what you're seeing in the script, so the way you've got to think about price in the U.S. on the quarter was around a third of the overall growth, was related to price. In terms of over the LRP, look, again we've said multiple times, as we build out our LRP, we try to put in conservative and realistic assumptions. So along those lines we don't take what is currently happening in price and extrapolate that out across the LRP. In the U.S. it is -- where we do think we'll be able to maintain some degree of positive price, but what I would tell you is we're modelling a little lower than mid-single digits on that as you go out over the long range plan period. Ex-U.S., it's actually a negative pricing environment. So, when you actually look at the additive of the two across the LRP, we've got very, very, very low levels of price built in to our forecast.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hey guys, thanks for all the detail. I am in agreement with the other analysts on that. A couple of questions. Number one, what was operational HUMIRA growth rates -- operational HUMIRA growth rates quarter on quarter as well as year on year in international markets? The second question is you didn't comment on your tax rate over the long-term. I don't think I saw that in your slides, and I would assume that as the Company diversifies away from HUMIRA, you're going to diversify into more tax optimized drugs -- tax optimized assets. So, I would personally be comfortable modelling a decline in your tax rate. I wanted to hear your thoughts on that and when I do that, and when I use an operating margin of only 51, even though your guidance says, greater than 50, it could be 55 or 60 who knows, I'm getting to an EPS number in 2020 of around $10 a share. I'm just -- I know you're not giving an EPS number, but am I thinking about this all wrong, because most people say I'm not very good with math.
Mark Schoenebaum: That's because of your repatriation needs. So, imagine the tax rate on single assets that are large, like your new JAK and IMBRUVICA, on a P&L basis, a single product P&L basis would be much lower.
Mark Schoenebaum: Rick, I've got a bunch of e-mails in from clients to the answer to my previous question about the $10 number where you said, you didn't come up it. Were you trying to suggest that you came up with numbers higher than that or numbers lower than that? Thanks.
