Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan Aesthetics; and Roopal Thakkar, Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer, Global Therapeutics. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer, Global Research. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. In addition to the news release issued this morning, we have also posted slides on our website at investors.abbvie.com that supplement some of the content we'll be covering this morning. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Scott. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please.
Liz Shea: Yes, unfortunately, it's just not coming clear -- coming through clearly. Happy to address the question following the call. Apologies for that. Operator, next question please.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Luisa. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Carrie Strom: Thank you, Jeff. Fourth quarter global aesthetic sales were approximately $1.4 billion, an operational increase of 6.9%. In the U.S., aesthetic sales of $884 million increased 5.7%, marked by accelerating market growth and strong key product performance. Fourth quarter U.S. Botox Cosmetic sales were $453 million, an increase of 7.3%. We continue to see sustained momentum in the recovery of the U.S. facial toxin market, which was a primary driver of growth in the fourth quarter. Botox Cosmetic remains the clear market leader with strong and stable share, despite new competitive entrants. U.S. Juvederm sales were $156 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of more than 20% versus the prior year. This robust growth was driven by the strong launches of Volux and SkinVive, which continue to drive new consumers and greater penetration in the dermal filler category. Consistent with our expectations, the U.S. filler market recovery trails out of toxins, but it's continuing to show improvement as year-over-year growth was roughly flat in the fourth quarter. As we look at 2024, we are pleased with the momentum of our U.S. aesthetics portfolio. We expect full year sales growth as our market leadership positions us very well from a competitive perspective, and we anticipate continued recovery in both toxin and filler markets. Internationally, fourth quarter aesthetic sales were $487 million, representing an operational increase of 9%. We experienced strong performance in most regions and growth benefited from the impact of China's COVID lockdowns in late 2022. Within China, the softening economic conditions that emerged in the third quarter continued to impact results. Consistent with what we experienced in the US, the economic slowdown has impacted fillers more than toxins, based upon their relatively higher price. We anticipate economic headwinds will continue in China over the near term, balanced against our expectations for continued strong performance in other international regions. Looking to the long-term, Aesthetics remains an area with very low market penetration. And we have demonstrated our ability to drive growth through investments in our customers, consumers, and innovation. As such, we anticipate Aesthetics will be a strong growth portfolio for years to come and remain confident in our ability to deliver more than $9 billion of sales by the end of the decade. With that, I'll turn the call over to Roopal.
Carrie Strom: Hi, this is Carrie, I'll take your first question on Aesthetics and the Aesthetics market recovery. So I'll start with the US and we have started to see the US toxin market recover the end of 2023. We expect that recovery to continue. And for the market growth for toxins to continue to improve in 2024. For fillers, in the US, in Q4, after multiple quarters of decline, the filler market in the US was somewhat flat. And so, that dynamic of the filler market recovery lagging the toxin market recovery is playing out. And we do expect that recovery on fillers to also continue -- to a lesser degree than toxins, more of a modest growth, positive growth for 2024. And as we look at the beginning of the year here in 2024, we are seeing our patient demand metrics and Google metrics really supporting our expectations here. In terms of China, we do expect the economic headwinds that we saw beginning mid-year 2023 to continue in the near-term with China. And we expect the China Aesthetics market to be flat overall in 2024. That would look like negative market in the first half of the year until the China market starts to recover in the second half of 2024. And we expect that China performance to be balanced against expectations for strong performance in other international regions, including Japan, which has become an important market for Aesthetics and areas of Latin America, like Brazil, which is a highly aesthetically oriented market. It's also important to know in terms of Q1 of 2024, in terms of our guidance there that the growth in the US will be offset by that international decline, specifically in China. So not only the China economic headwinds, but also a difficult year-over-year comp in Q1, because recall, in Q1 of 2023, there was the post-pandemic reopening in China. So that's really how we see the market growth factors in US, China and other parts of the world playing out in 2024.
Carrie Strom: Hi, this is Carrie. So the short answer is, we have not seen an impact on our Aesthetics business positive or negative so far. That said, absolutely, our customers and our consumers are participating in this market. We are seeing it integrated into some of these Aesthetics practices. And to your point, there are instances where a patient will make a trade-off in terms of her share of wallet. But that said, we do see it as a long-term tailwind anytime people are getting more engaged in their appearance, that's a positive thing for Aesthetics. And as we ask our consumers and our customers about it, really that -- what we've learned is that it does reinforce its long-term tailwind because the majority of people who engage in these medical weight-loss products are more interested in Aesthetics afterwards than they never before. So, that's really how we see it in terms of the that dynamic impacting Aesthetics.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, Chris. It's Jeff. Maybe I'll walk through a little bit of the process there and answer your questions. So we can see historically actuals and sort of fast forward in terms of the first thing we look at is the bio penetration of these big indications. And there still remain significant headroom in terms of the ability for moderate to severe patients with these diseases to continue to be exposed to these biologics and these advanced orals, absolutely. And we can see for sure that psoriasis still in -- even in the US is about 15%, it's relatively modest, atopic dermatitis, the penetration rate is only about 7%. And then you have higher penetrated markets like IBD and I'll talk about what's interesting about IBD, that’s somewhere in the 40% or 50% range across those. And then we can see clearly as these markets develop and I've highlighted this before that you see line of therapy expansion. So first-line becomes less and less important, as you move towards second and third-line over time. And right now, IBD is a big story about that, that we calculate into our long-term estimates, because it's still largely despite the severity a frontline oriented market, because physicians, just kind of hang on to their frontline agents, that's going to change quite dramatically believe over this mid-term and even in the long-term perspective. We have a good peg on the market growth rates. Many of these market growth rates are very significant, very stable. And we'll have good growth rates going into the next decade because of these dynamics around bio penetration and line of therapy expansion. I highlighted in my remarks around share, share we -- we have a very good competitive position, very high capture rates. And we're really in the sort of low end of the range in terms of the total prescription share, that will feed up and catch up to that. Pricing, I think we talked a little bit. We're not going to give detailed pricing. But certainly, you can see based on Scott's comments that, the idea of a high CAGR on high single-digit pricing is not something we've contemplated. So, we believe that there is significant room for growth even past 2027. Especially, as we'll have more Rinvoq indications coming that we've talked through. So we think that we're going to see robust growth based on our share capture and also how dynamic these markets are into the next decade.
Jeff Stewart: And Terence, this is Jeff, I'll start-off and have Roopal will address the second part of your second question. So we established many years ago now this HS market with the approval of Humira. And we thought it was a relatively small market, and it turned out to be quite a surprise. There is a significant amount of patients around the world that suffer from HS, it's already a multi-billion dollar category. And we think it's going to continue to expand. And I say that, because we can see that like IBD, there's just some new approvals just coming. So, everyone sort of holds on Humira as long as they can if they're exposed to a biologic. And so we see the same dynamic as you start to see IL-17s come into this space, and certainly, we're very excited about lutikizumab because of the profile that we're seeing emerge in the clinic. So it's a significant commercial opportunity. And I would say that when we look back over all the Humira indications, over the last decade or more, HS was one of the most rapid indications that moved to $1 billion plus business. So it's an exciting opportunity, both commercially and certainly for patients. And Roopal can address your comment on IBD.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, Andrew. Thanks for your question. It's Jeff. We think that the, particularly the negotiation aspects of the IRA will be very contained on the Medicare side. And as you can imagine with government programs over the years -- when we had discussion with payers, they'll often say things over, well we know what the FSS price is for the VA or demand mandated discounts and supplemental discounts in the Medicaid channel. But we think those are really government actions and government rules. And so, we see that the market we believe will play out largely like it has with the other government channels, that it's a unique dynamic in terms of essentially a forced negotiation that we think will be contained largely in the Medicare space. So that's how we view the world.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. I'll take the first question. So what we look at when we see this market at a macro -- at a macro-level, you have a significant number of patients, 85% of patients are just on these oral medication. So, oral [indiscernible]. Okay. And they essentially need to consume more and more and more orals, and sometimes at the end of it they're taken 12 pills a day, it's very, very difficult to manage. But then they're faced with a very difficult decision, which we kind of call like a surgical barrier. And that surgical barrier is to get any sort of more advanced relief, you either have to think about deep brain stimulation, which is a brain surgery or our own DUOPA, which is a GI surgery. So the way we see this market developing is we see that 951 starts to establish a very nice transition zone, because you don't have -- it's a subcu. So a new market segment that starts to emerge before bigger interventions like DBS or DUOPA. And obviously, the ability to basically move quicker to more relief from these chronic oral basically over treatment. So that's how we see it. And as Roopal highlighted, we're seeing some very nice uptake in Japan, where we launched late last year, and also in Germany and some of the first European launches. So that's how the market is exactly playing out. We're establishing essentially a new high efficacy category here with 24 hours of ongoing relief. You can do super specific dosing titration and the pump is much smaller and again, it's a subcu injection that you move around every three days. So it's a nice -- it's a nice opportunity for the company.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. I'll take that one. We've learned a lot from watching Skyrizi and Rinvoq in Crohn's. And to Rick's points, look, we're very careful about how we position these assets, you know how we basically represent them with our medical teams and our commercial teams. And so what we see certainly in our biggest markets, we see that they are actually complementary positioning. So, Rick highlighted the label change, right. So Rinvoq, in the US, is basically indicated for use after a TNF. So it's basically a later-line therapy. Skyrizi, if you look at the Skyrizi, you see results, it's very, very impressive. We've studied some very, very tough patients there. The bio-naive patients, the efficacy is just outstanding. I would say it's best-in-class. So we can see that based on the profile of the agents for many of our representatives, we're able to talk to physicians about the consideration for Skyrizi frontline. And then in later lines Rinvoq. So the cannibalization or the overlap is very manageable and minimal. And what happens is you start to see this, this very significant build for total AbbVie share because of that complementary positioning. So we're quite confident that we'll be able to navigate this very well just as we see in the larger Crohn's market.
Jeff Stewart: Yea. Thank you, Luisa. It's Jeff. And we have we have contemplated in our planning and long-term guidance, both the Part-D redesign and of course the IRA impacts based on our projections over when some of our drugs might be negotiated. To give you some color on the Part-D redesign, we have clearly a very good visibility over the pricing dynamics that will take place as you say, many of our brands basically will be under the catastrophic redesign component. Now we've also understood based on one of the policy items, which is the cap and smooth, we've also countered some of that price with volume offsets based on patients having the ability to acquire these. Now that volume does not fully offset the pricing impact. But suffice it to say that, that's been very much contemplated into that. I'll let Rob comment over how that sort of feeds into the growth rates.
Rob Michael: And Chris, this is Rob. I'll just add, you think about the markets, the rheum market is growing low-single digits, atopic dermatitis is growing mid-teens and IBD is growing high-single-digits. So they're very strong market, they will continue to be strong markets for us. And we're also seeing, as Jeff mentioned, there's a lot of headroom in terms of share capture. So we do expect that robust growth to continue beyond 2027 into early part of the next decade. I think your observation is correct. Given that we would expect up to five new indications for Rinvoq. If you look at the rate of growth, Rinvoq versus Skyrizi, I think it's reasonable to assume that Rinvoq would have a higher rate of growth given the new indications, but both will grow very nicely. So, I would certainly encourage you to look at more robust expectations for both therapies with Rinvoq a little bit higher because of the new indications.
Rob Michael: Hi, it's Rob. I'll take that question. So we do expect that in the US tail will start to emerge in 2025 or 2026 timeframe. Keep in mind 2024 is the first full year for US biosimilars. We'll have to see what happens with volume uptake this year and also where interchangeability lands. And ultimately, what does contracting look like next year. So, I wouldn't expect us to quantify the tail this year. But it's certainly possible, something we would do either in 2025 or 2026. As it relates to international, you're seeing, I think this year, it's a step-down of about $400 million. Half of that is really the last wave of markets like Canada, Puerto Rico where we're seeing, I'd say, some incremental erosion we would expect this year. And then the other half would be your typical international price erosion you see across therapeutic areas. So not really specific to biosimilars. And then the other quarter of it would be what we're seeing is just the strength of Skyrizi and Rinvoq as these newer agents elevate standard-of-care, you see some share go to those newer agents. And so, probably the best way to think about international would be, if you want to adjust for half of the erosion this year as being more of the final waves, and then you get a sense of what could potentially be the ongoing beyond that. But we'll be more specific, I think we need to see really how the US plays out with this being the first full year for biosimilars, before we can really give you more color. But we're very, very pleased with the progress we've made so far.
Rob Michael: So, this is Rob. I'll take that question. Yes, we did include ImmunoGen and Cerevel in our long-term guide. The thing to keep in mind is, high-single-digits, when you think about the range that could represent, that's around $10 billion between the low-end of the high-single-digits and the high-end of the high-single-digits. And so, there aren't any pulls, what we've updated as we walk you through it is, we've increased the oral CGRP peak revenue, we've increased Skyrizi, Rinvoq and we've reaffirmed the others. So there's nothing that we took down. But just keep in mind that you've got a pretty, pretty wide range. If you look at Street consensus, we're encouraged that it continues to move up. It has moved up over the course of the last quarter, about $3 billion in 2029. It's nice to see that upward movement. But it's still below what we expect. If you think that, that growth rate for the Street is just under 5%, we expect high-single-digits. And so, even with this update, as well as ImmunoGen and Cerevel, we're still high-single-digits. But keep in mind, it's a pretty wide range. And it would be, regardless industry-leading growth and we're set up very well to continue delivering a very strong growth, and we're setting ourselves very well to grow very nicely in the next decade as well.
Rob Michael: And Gary, this is Rob. To build on the Aesthetics story, I said in the past to get to our guidance of greater than $9 billion, we need to deliver annual growth of high-single-digits on average. And as Carrie just walked you through, we haven't quite seen the recovery for the fillers market yet this year. And we will, but it's not going to be a normal year, we'll see a ramping. And we also had a slowdown in China. But despite that we're still delivering high single digit growth. And given how under penetrated these markets are, we can drive that market growth that's required to achieve the long-term guidance. And then on top of that, we have several innovations that will further support that growth. I've said this before, but the masseter and platysma indications for Botox will add a few $100 million each. Our novel short-acting toxin BoNT/E has the potential to activate new patients who have not started toxin due to fear of an unnatural look. So that could drive an inflection in market growth and market share. And then our region, our fillers pipeline is really aimed at providing both short and long-term treatment benefits for consumers. So we have several avenues to get to our greater than $9 billion guide. I have seen consensus estimates at $8 billion for 2029, but we're very confident in our guidance of greater than $9 billion by that period.
Rob Michael: Hi, Tim, it's Rob. I'll take that question. So our BD efforts continue to be focused on identifying assets, really that can drive growth in the next decade across immunology, oncology, neuroscience, aesthetics and eye care. But we have what we need in our current portfolio to deliver on growth expectations in this decade. So our external efforts are really aimed at early-stage opportunities, which are typically smaller-sized deals. As we look across the growth areas, if you think about immunology Skyrizi and Rinvoq will drive robust growth into the next decade. So our focus in immunology in terms of BD is really looking for new mechanisms of action that can elevate standard-of-care whether monotherapy or in combination. I'd say there's a lot of interest in combination. In oncology, ImmunoGen really nicely complements our efforts with ADCs, it gives us a head start, an entry in the solid tumor space, that we're not in today. But in addition to ADCs, we're focused on bispecific, multi- specifics immuno onc agents. We also recently announced a collaboration with Umoja studying insight to CAR-T therapy. So a lot of focus in oncology, but these again would be earlier-stage smaller-sized deals. In Neuroscience, Cerevel adds depth to our neuropsych pipeline, but we also have a focus on migraine and neurodegeneration. In eye care, we're extremely excited about the REGENXBIO program in wet-AMD and diabetic retinopathy. But we continue to look for innovation in glaucoma and retinal disease. So we certainly have an interest there. And then in Aesthetics, it's always about looking for innovation that can drive new consumers into our providers practices. So our BD group is still very active. We certainly have the financial wherewithal to pursue those opportunities to further bolster our pipeline. But those are the areas that we're most interested in.
Rob Michael: Luisa you asked a very good question. This is Rob. Clearly, and we have contemplated that in the high single digit CAGR, the impacts of IRA. But as you think about the annual progression, it is important to note that Part-D benefit redesign starts in 2025. So that is certainly something you should consider for modeling of annual sales. I mean, that impact by itself, on a net basis could be worth a few points of growth. As Jeff mentioned, the higher cost share with an offset in volume, we have studied the improvement in abandonment rates as we look at the low-income subsidy part of Part-D which doesn't have the out of pocket burden that the standard benefit does. And when we compare the abandonment rates and as you address this issue of out of pocket burden, we would expect the abandonment rates to improve across Medicare Part-D, but not enough to fully offset the higher-cost share. That was something we certainly contemplated. But as you think about the progression of growth, the rate of growth will accelerate starting next year through 2029. So we'll deliver a high-single-digit CAGR. But it's important to note that in 2025, you do have that beginning of Part-D benefit redesign, which adds, I'd say a couple of points of growth headwind that will still allow us to deliver robust growth, but it won't -- you shouldn't think about the same amount of growth every year, it's going to accelerate over the long-range plan.
Rick Gonzalez: All right, Terence. This is Rick. So I'll cover the first one. I guess what I would say is, I have nothing new to report today, but what I'd indicate is, we've talked about the criteria that we're going to use to make the decision when we're going to make the transition. That criteria is the same, when we believe that we are comfortable, we've navigated the LOE, and the rest of the business is performing at high level. That's the point at which we want to make the transition, because we think that's the best time to be able to transition the CEO position. So I understand there's a lot of interest from investors here, that's logical and clear. Maybe what I can do is, give you a little better perspective on the process that we're going to use in order to make the decision with the Board. I would say, the Board has been actively involved for the last four or five years with a lot of emphasis around ensuring that our internal candidate would get the experiences that we thought were needed prior to making the transition. I can tell you from my perspective, that's gone extremely well. We have regularly scheduled Board meetings several times a year where we specifically talk about succession and the progress that we're making. At the point at which the business has achieved that criteria that I described before, at the next regularly scheduled Board meeting, then I would make a recommendation to the Board that this is the proper time to be able to make the transition. The Board would vote on that recommendation. At the end of that vote, we would send out an announcement to investors. And what you can expect when you get that announcement is that, we would make an announcement that we were going to make the transition out at some point in the future, in all likelihood four months to six months in the future. And the purpose of that is to make the final transition between myself and that person. And that'll take four months to five months in order to be able to do that. I would say it's also very likely at that time, based on the discussions I've been having with the Board, is that, I will be named the Executive Chair for a period of time, and the purpose of that will be to make the transition of the full position over a period of time. So I think it's a very well thought out, I think very well managed process. And I think that's what you can expect going forward.
Rick Gonzalez: Steve, this is Rick. I think if you step back and you look over the last, I'd say, 10 years, we were trying to develop a strategy that we fundamentally believed will allow us to be able to offset the Humira LOE and continue to deliver top-tier financial performance as we have for the past 10 years. That was the whole objective. And we knew we had to build a very diversified growth platform in order to be able to do that, to be able to absorb that impact and return to growth as rapidly as possible. And so, we as an executive team focused a lot of energy around how do we do that, how do we build it, how do we do it in the right markets. I think AbbVie, I'm obviously biased, I guess, but I would say our commercial execution has always been exceptional in my opinion. We understand the markets we're in extremely well. We understand the competitive environment that we compete in those markets extremely well. We understand the patient journey and how that patient journey is affected by access to medicines to ensure that patients can get their medicines routinely and be able to get the benefit of those medicines. It takes all of those things I think to end up with kind of success that we see with assets like Skyrizi and Rinvoq. But it also takes I think a company that is very good at what I describe as read and react. There are always challenges in businesses as big and as complex as this. And I think the difference between companies that can continue to perform at the top tier, year in and year out is they're good at seeing issues, and then quickly reacting to how they're going to either offset those, or deal with those. We had many of those examples. I'd say the label change on Rinvoq was a great example. But look at where Rinvoq is growing now. And despite that label change many would not have predicted that. Migraine, was a very challenging market for a period of time. We look at how we've operated with Ubrelvy and Qulipta. And the kind of success we've seen against the competitors in those markets. Neuroscience, very different kind of market with Vraylar. That's all about trying to grow market-share and expand your position there with a very good asset. And so, we're good at that, and I think that is the real differentiator. The other thing I'd say is, I think we have been very efficient at our R&D investment. We obviously don't have the largest R&D investment in the industry. But we produced a tremendous amount of return against that R&D investment. Now having said that, as we go forward, we know we need to increase R&D as I've said in my comments. We did a fairly significant increase last year despite dealing with the Humira LOE. And we're going to do another fairly significant increase this year because we had some assets that had very, very significant opportunities like 383 and like 400 and several others. They are going to require a large Phase 3 -- multiple large Phase 3 studies to be able to get the kind of label that we need, and that's another thing, I'd say, we're good at. Understanding how you have a competitive label and building your clinical programs to get that. So, I think it requires all of those things. I don't think there is one magic formula. I think those are the kinds of things that we have honed here at AbbVie an executive team. And we execute very well against those.
Rick Gonzalez: And then, this is Rick on the Imbruvica price, yes, we have received the initial offer on Imbruvica recently. As you know, there is a process that CMS is going through here to set pricing. And because none of us have any experience with this, we don't know exactly how that process will proceed. There will be some back and forth between the manufacturer and CMS. CMS has indicated that they'll have the final price by September 1st. It's certainly premature for us to talk about the price now, because it's not the final price. I don't know that we'll know the final price until very close to the point at which they are prepared to publish that price, having not had any experience here. So, I wouldn't anticipate we will get any updates until that date or very close to that date.
Roopal Thakkar: Yes. Hi, Terence. Part of it starts, I would say, almost 15 years ago with our insights in Crohn's disease with Humira, as Jeff was discussing, where we started to see efficacy in patients that had HS. We saw a good amount of overlap between Crohn's and HS. So that's part of it. Now that doesn't really pan out for IL-17, but what we've observed with IL-1 beta in particular is that, our internal data and external data do show elevated expression signals with one beta. So we think we have that opportunity with luti, because it also covers 1 beta and we have two shots at this, right. One is, to go specifically and look at a biomarker-driven targeted profile where we would be able to distinguish which patients actually have that higher expression. And the other approach, which we maybe weren't talking about years ago because we didn't have a product like Skyrizi which have high efficacy and very strong safety profile in Crohn's. What we have now is the opportunity to also look at in combination. So a biomarker approach and a combo approach, our insights from Humira and preclinical or biopsy-based insights that we have externally and internally.
Roopal Thakkar: Hi it's Roopal, I'll talk about luti and your question around neutrophils. Yes, we do see impact on neutrophils, it's dose-driven. However, I think we think about inflammatory bowel disease, probably lupus, others to have a different tolerance for benefit-risk, because today in those disease states despite the success that we've seen with Skyrizi and Rinvoq, there's still substantial headroom to lead to more transformational efficacy, not every patient is getting into remission, though high levels, not every patient. So we still believe that a combo can get to that and break that efficacy threshold. The other opportunity there is what we'll do with the combination is obviously optimize the dose to assure safety. And thus far in the HS trial, even at the highest dose we saw very little infections.
Roopal Thakkar: Hi, Mohit. It's Roopal, I'll take that. So, I think as you've seen in resistance we've seen that overall survival benefit, a very substantial one, unprecedented thus far. And to your point, the plan is to move into earlier lines of therapy. Secondly, it's also part of the strategy to move into sensitive populations, which is around 55% of the population, resistance is around 45%. And then the third aspect is, we've seen encouraging data in medium expressers of FR alpha. And those are approximately 30% of the patients, high is around 35%. So those are the three strategies to go forward. Now how do we get into earlier lines of therapy? Well, a couple of things, insights that we've seen. One is, we've seen Elahere been able to combine at full dose with carbo-platinum. So that's encouraging, that gives you an opportunity to upfront combine. And then as you stated, maintain on Elahere or with Elahere plus BEV. So the other approaches that we would do getting to earlier line of maintenance is have that upfront therapy and then we see patients that go onto BEV, we can combine with BEV at that time point. And we'll be looking at combinations with PARP inhibitors, which is about the other half of the patient populations, which are HRD deficient. So, taken altogether, we see there is an opportunity. Now, the PFS is going to be a little bit longer, along with OS. So that is something that we're planning for, we'll start these studies as soon as possible, but they will read out in the later part of the decade and into 2030.
Roopal Thakkar: And maybe I'll talk about the other assets that you mentioned in Alzheimers. First, 916, that's our A beta antibody. What we like about that one thus far, the profile we've seen is a long half-life, which would be good to space out dosing. Potentially higher potency if that holds, and we see robust reductions in beta amyloid that could allow for subcutaneous dosing that's spaced apart. And the other thing we are looking at is potentially lower ARIA. So if we see those three things over the course, I would say, end of this year, early next year, I think that, that would be quite exciting, because it would be a differentiated profile, again a better convenience and potentially better benefit-risk profile. So that's 916. 552 is our SV2A that's our oral medication in cognition that's currently in Phase 2. And we anticipate readout at the end of this year, early next year. Now, that one is being studied in a setting where patient can be on a therapy already like an [Aricept] (ph), or nothing. And we would use the typical ADAS-Cog assessments along with a variety of others including other neuropsychiatric symptoms, like depression. So that's another nice one that could combine with a variety of different assets in Alzheimers. The third one I'll mention is around Emraclidine, which comes from Cerevel. They are at early stages right now in elderly patients. And the goal there would be an Alzheimer's disease psychosis of the six million or so diagnoses, I would say around 40% of these patients present with symptoms of psychosis. So with all the therapies that are in the clinic, we think we have a very nice complementary suite of options that could address numerous symptoms of Alzheimers, because it won't be just one therapy that's going to solve this. But more to come end of this year and into next year.
Scott Reents: Gary, this is Scott. I'll take your question regarding operating margin expansion. So for 2024, as I mentioned in my remarks, we've guided to 46.5%. When we do return to robust growth in 2025, we do see that operating margin will expand, and will continue to expand as we grow through the decade. I think that when we think about the pace of that expansion, it will be a relatively steady over several years. I would though, if you're modeling that, I would kind of peak it out at around 50%. I think that's where we'll hit a peak at the operating margin. But we do see expansion both in 2025 on that return to robust growth, including the impact of the two transactions ImmunoGen and Cerevel, which should presumably be a full-year at that point in time. But at the full year impact, we see that expansion. And I do think it's worth noting, even at our current levels, we have industry-leading operating margin. And certainly with the future expansion we will continue to have that and only grow that position.
Scott Reents: Steve, this is Scott. I'll start with your tax rate question. So with respect to the tax rate, we were essentially flat between this year and last year at 15.7%. We do see that tax rate over the three year period including this year increasing about 1% on average. Now that's not going to be a 1% per year. What you'll see is a step up in a couple of years when the US tax rates do increase the GILTI rate in particular, will increase. So we see that over a three year period about 1% per year on average. That does include all the impacts of a number of things going on globally with the OECD and some of these -- OECD minimum taxes and other things. I would say the one thing it does not include, you saw just this week, the House passed a tax bill that includes the provision regarding the R&D expensing. So if that bill were to pass, as it's written, we would see a slight step down in our tax rate, about 80 basis points from the impact of that on an ongoing basis.
Scott Reents: Sure, this is Scott. Regarding the GILTI tax. So this is the US tax, the foreign minimum tax on foreign earnings that the US supplies. That tax rate today is at 10.5%, it's going to move up to 13.1% a little bit more than that. That will occur -- the implementation date is a little bit mixed, because it depends on fiscal year-ends of legal entities, but let's call it 2026 is when we can look at that. And only part of our income is subject to that rate. So, I would say that's approximately a 1.5% impact to our tax rate that you would see. And that's baked into my 1% on average over the next three years.
