Larry Peepo - Vice President: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Henry Gosebruch, our Chief Strategy Officer, will be joining us for the Q&A portion of the call. In addition to our earnings release this morning, we have also issued a press release announcing our acquisition of Stemcentrx. You can find a set of slides on our website that provide an overview of the transaction. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to the forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Larry Peepo - Vice President: Thanks, Bill, and we'll open the call for questions, now. Jay, we'll take our first question, please.
Larry Peepo - Vice President: Thanks, Alex. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at abbvieinvestor.com. Thanks, again, for joining us.
Michael E. Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll take the first question with respect to the competitive environment for Rova-T and some of the other programs that Stemcentrx has been working on. And what I'll say is that one of the things that really impressed us with Stemcentrx is the novelty of their platform. They've invested early in this technology. They have developed great expertise. And they are out in the lead in all of the areas that they're pursuing. So DLL3 is out in the lead. It's demonstrated very compelling results, and we think it's an asset that has tremendous promise and will really change the standard of care. And I think if you look at all of the programs that Stemcentrx is advancing, there's a high degree of novelty and very strong signs of activity from the first three clinical programs. So, we vary – we feel very good about their position in the competitive environment.
Michael E. Severino: All right. So, I will – this is Mike. I will take the first of those, and then Rick may want to add some follow up. So with respect to cancer stem cells, what I would say is we've had a fair amount of time to get very comfortable with the platform that Stemcentrx has developed. And we believe that they are doing something really novel here. In terms of understanding how mouse models might translate into human clinical trials or, ultimately, clinical benefit, we certainly recognize that that translational leap is often fraught with peril, but in this case we don't have to wonder. We've seen the first three assets move into the clinic showing strong activity. And so, they have demonstrated with their first three clinical assets activity in small cell lung cancer, triple-negative breast cancer and ovarian cancer. So there are human data to back up their hypothesis, not only one time, but three times in a row; and, obviously, being right three times in a row in this business doesn't happen by chance very often. So with respect to our confidence that small cell lung cancer will transfer to other cancers, the set of cancers that we're talking about all share neuroendocrine features, as does small cell. And Stemcentrx has done a large amount of work to understand the role that DLL3 plays biologically in these tumors. And we know, based on the work that they have done, that DLL3 is playing the same role across these tumors. And so, that's why we have much greater than average confidence that what we're seeing in those preclinical studies in other tumors will translate into the basket study that they are running. So, as Rick said, we've seen a lot of data here and we feel very good about this opportunity. With respect to the ADC landscape, Stemcentrx has shown that they are very good at generating highly selective monoclonal antibodies that make good reagents for ADCs, and they also have the linker technology and the toxin technology all fully integrated within their company to rapidly produce these ADCs. And, again, I would say that their clinical track record speaks for itself. So with that, I'll turn it over to Rick for the other questions.
Michael E. Severino: Sure. So one of the things that I think is very important to note in the Calico collaboration is that there's a very strong scientific and cultural fit between our teams. And that was one of the real drivers behind doing that deal. The Calico team is obviously very talented. They have a long and very successful track record. Our teams are working together very well. We're advancing a number of programs. But, of course, we do need to keep in mind that these are early discovery programs that have been initiated in the last 12 months to 18 months. So we intend to move very quickly, but it takes a bit of time before programs are ready for clinical introduction and the sort of news flow that would – you'd expect to hear in this sort of setting. So what I would say is the cultural fit is great. We've made great progress building up a set of programs in the areas that Rick mentioned that I think are a very good fit for our overall strategy, and we remain very optimistic about the Calico partnership.
Michael E. Severino: So with respect to ASCO, we'll obviously be seeing the Rova-T data that we've talked about in small cell lung cancer, which is a Best of ASCO presentation. Venclexta also has a Best of ASCO presentation, which comes from the program in AML in combination with hypomethylating agents. There are nine additional abstracts for Venclexta that'll be presented, updating across the range of studies that are being conducted with that molecule in non-Hodgkin lymphoma and other settings as well. You'll start to see additional data from ADCs that we're introducing into the clinic. There'll be updated data on ABT-414. You'll start to see data on some of our newer ADCs and we continue to have a number of programs that will be moving into clinical development in oncology. So, overall, we're going to be active at ASCO and, of course, we're also having our R&D Day to coincide with the timing of ASCO. So you'll see a broad update on our pipeline there.
Michael E. Severino: Certainly. So the BI compound, which is now called risankizumab, the IL-23 antibody, is our lead asset in psoriasis, and I think the data clearly bear that out. And I think, based on what we know about the pathway, it makes sense to make that same statement about psoriatic arthritis. We're very pleased with the data we've seen today. We think there's really tremendous potential for that asset. With respect to ABT-122, which is our IL-17 TNF DVD, we are going to be seeing mid-stage data internally the middle of this year; so, shortly. We'll probably be in a position to present that externally around the ACR timeframe. And so, we'll make a decision when we have those data. But what I can say is, to move forward with those molecules, it would have to fit our strategy with that molecule, with ABT-122. It would have to fit our strategy to raise the bar in the standard of care. So we would be looking through differentiated efficacy compared to not only what we have in our own portfolio, but what's available externally. And so, we'll be making that decision later on this year. With respect to your question about our presence in lung cancer, we've said for quite some time that we want to build our presence in solid tumors. I think the Stemcentrx acquisition clearly does that. It gives us a broad platform as well as a very promising lead asset and other clinical assets behind that. And so, we're going to continue to build on that presence, not only with the development engine that comes from Stemcentrx, but with our internal pipeline. And I think you'll see that we have a number of programs that could be applicable to lung cancer and other solid tumors that will be moving through the clinic, shortly.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Chris, this is Rick. The only thing I'd add on the – I know what you're trying to do. You're obviously trying to model – or incorporate into your model what the R&D impact will be on 2017. I think that's what you're trying to do, based on your question. And I'd say, as we factored in this number and as we look at 2017, it certainly incorporates the assumptions that we've made around the expansion into other tumors that are DLL3 positive. It incorporates what Mike described as the first-line trials that ultimately they're pursuing with Rova-T. The one part that it probably does not include at this point, and we just need to work on it some more, would be we also believe that this could be a synergistic strategy in first-line with immunotherapy. And they have walked us through a plan where, potentially, as an example, Rova-T could be a highly specific debulking agent on the front end for DLL3 positive patients in small cell; and knocking out the stem cells in the process, which traditional chemotherapy does not do today. And then, you would get the disease under control and debulked and you would follow it with immunotherapy for longer-term maintenance. And so, they've laid out some plans around that, and that has not been incorporated to this point. So that would be the only thing. Now, we obviously have a significant R&D budget and we would look at how we normally do R&D – is we add everything up, and then we make a decision where we draw the line, and we're going to be conscious of that. So I'm not telling you that would be incremental, but what I'm telling you is that's the one thing that's outside the scope of what's in the current R&D planning assumptions. So, hopefully that gives you some clarity around that. On the M&A front, similar to the comments that I made earlier, we have been looking for a solid tumor platform. I think we made that somewhat clear that that was something we were interested in doing. I would say this came in at a valuation that was significantly below the numbers that we had flagged before. But we are looking to balance near-term performance against making sure that we build a significant portfolio of assets out in that 2020 and beyond period that can contribute to delivering strong EPS growth and strong revenue growth. But I'd say where we are right now is we have a lot of things going right now and we've filled a lot of the needs that we have. And so, I would not expect that we will go out and do another significant transaction. And – obviously, Pharmacyclics was a significant transaction, but I'm talking about even a transaction of this size. So I think for the next, certainly, 18 months or so, if we were to do anything, it would probably be more of a BI kind of transaction, more of a single asset; might be an in-licensing kind of a transaction. And I think, based on the fact that we have delivered some level of dilution here, we would have to be in position we would absorb the dilution going forward. So, hopefully, that answers your question.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. I mean, I guess the only thing I'd add on that first set of questions, Jami, is the reality is human data trumps everything else in our business, right? So I think you can interpret from that we had to get comfortable with the human data that we saw and the impact that it had to make the decisions that we made. And as that comes out, I think you'll draw your own conclusions, obviously, but I think that will be informative as it comes out for you, okay? I want to make sure I understand your IPR question, so I'm going to ask you to ask it one more time.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Thank you. If you think about this process, the process we will go through is that the Patent Office makes a decision whether or not there is enough evidence to even review the patent. That's the process that's going to occur here in the May-June timeframe with the IPRs. And so, all it is is, is there enough in the claim of the company challenging the IP to even make a decision to review it? If the Patent Office decides that is the case, then they will review it; and there'll be a process that we go through that's well documented of how we defend the patent, and the process that the challenger would go through as well. That takes about 12 months. So at the end of 12 months there would be a decision on the patent. And depending upon which way that decision went, if it went for us, then obviously the patent would be upheld and would be, obviously, strengthened dramatically. If not, then we have the right to appeal. So that's the process. And I think that essentially defines sort of the implications of the process. If it gets turned down on the front end similar to what the formulation patent with Amgen did, then obviously that creates a very significant hurdle for the company that's challenging it. So those are the implications of it.
Richard A. Gonzalez: So, therefore, we can opt-in back on one of those if we choose to. So I think that probably gives you as much as we can give you around the Pfizer compounds. On Calico, I'm going to have Mike talk a little bit about the pipeline, but that is a transaction that we did about a year or so ago, now. And when you look at the individuals that Calico first started-up with, Art and Hal and others, they've assembled a very talented team. And that's – that was the big reason that we ultimately decided to do something with them. But essentially what we have is we co-fund a discovery effort to find new innovative targets in a number of different areas. Oncology is one of them; diseases of the aging is another. Neurodegenerative diseases is another area that ultimately we have a lot of interest in. And the way it works is, essentially, we can opt-in on anything that's discovered there, and there's a point at which we take it over. We have commercial rights to it, and then there's basically a 50/50 profit sharing arrangement between us and Calico. So, essentially, we have rights to anything over a certain period of time that is discovered within Calico. Mike works closely with the team, so I'm going to ask him to talk a little bit more about progress that they're making.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Thanks, Marc. Okay. So, this is Rick. I'll take VIEKIRA , and Bill can take the HUMIRA question, and we'll have Mike cover the ASCO question. So, VIEKIRA, let me start with Japan. I mean, Japan is continuing to track consistent with our expectations, so I think there's nothing all that remarkable from Japan. It's a good market, and our profile within that market is a good profile. The U.S. has certainly been more challenging. I would say that it's a combination of several factors, some volume loss as well as some price loss. As Merck has entered the market, we know that they set the list price lower than the other products in the marketplace. That strategy, initially, I think we interpreted as a strategy that would go after medical exceptions, because medical exceptions historically are in at more of a list price point. And so, they have the lowest price, essentially, on a medical exception basis. And they have been somewhat successful in gaining some of those medical exceptions. So that's part of the issue. The second part of the issue, though, is they have been more aggressive than we anticipated from a pricing standpoint, particularly in the public segments, the VA in particular. And as we looked at that, we ultimately made the decision that we were not going to compete with the lowest overall price in the VA. We did adjust our price down, but we didn't adjust it down to the very lowest price. And that has caused us to obviously lose price, but also lose volume. And we had a fairly significant share of VA. So I think it is those factors playing out. And I would say that, based on where the U.S. is going, it is unlikely that we will achieve the $2 billion number that we described earlier. I think a number that you should be thinking about now is more in the $1.6 billion range; globally, I'm talking about. And you can look at this quarter as an example. Even though VIEKIRA was weaker than we expected, we obviously beat our EPS number and achieved our revenue numbers. So I talked to strength of the rest of the business; and that's the nice thing about our business is we have good balanced performance across a number of different assets. And so, when one thing doesn't go as well as we had hoped, then others can pick up the slack. So we will not be changing our guidance based on this. We've factored that into our going-forward guidance in 2016 and we're comfortable with the guidance that we've provided you, but those are the facts around VIEKIRA.
Richard A. Gonzalez: So, Andrew – Henry, why don't you cover the milestones, and then we can talk a little bit about first-line.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. And then on the M&A, it's consistent with what I described earlier. We'd be looking for those kinds of assets. We continue to evaluate things that are in the marketplace. We've built a fairly extensive pipeline internally and – but obviously we continue to look on the outside for those assets that look interesting. And – but it will be of a profile – an investment profile of what I described to you a moment ago.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. As far as the model, obviously, we went through the model in some level of detail around Pharmacyclics, one, because of the magnitude of the investment that we were making, and we described what supported that investment and how we built up the model. What I characterized for you already basically tells you how we built this model, right? It's built primarily around second- and third-line small cell, which we believe has a very high probability of success. So you can imagine we've risk-adjusted it, accordingly, at a high probability of success. It does have a couple of other smaller indications where we believe there is a very high probability of being able to extend it into some of these other cancers that we described. I wouldn't say that has a significant impact on it, and those are risk-adjusted, accordingly. It doesn't have first-line in it, and the milestone, or the CVR, is basically driven off of what we think the value would be and the return would be appropriate for first-line; and it doesn't have any other of these other milestone-driven POCs that would come forward. So I think that's roughly the same kind of guidance. We gave share and some other kinds of things, and we've obviously built the model around those same kinds of assumptions. But I think, in this case, we'll wait to provide that at a later date once we get closer to a launch of the asset in 2018. On the R&D line – or I think really what you're asking is are we still committed to delivering 50% or greater in 2020? And the short answer to that is, yes. We've looked at it. We've carefully looked at the commitments we've made around the compounded growth rate and the revenue projections as well as the operating margin profile that we communicated last year, and we're still absolutely committed to delivering against that.
Richard A. Gonzalez: I think there's two ways to look at it. I mean, first of all, if you look at the guidance that we provided back in, I think it was October 29 of last year, and you look at what happened to the consensus numbers, what you'll see is they shifted out roughly a year. I think the mean now is probably – if you look at where people are assuming biosimilar impact in the United States, it's probably in that 2019 – Larry, correct me if I'm wrong here, that 2019 timeframe; so, it moved out from about 2017 to 2019. And I'd say one of the things we track to try to understand how the market is perceiving that guidance is we track what our stock performance has been versus our peers over that period of time. And I saw it just the other day. It may have changed in the last couple of days a little bit, but we're the number one performing stock since that point in time. So I think it was around 14% appreciation, or something like that; 15% appreciation. So I think it did have a positive impact. Having said that, I would agree with your point that there's still this overhang and this overhang is built around different catalysts. As we've said before, we've given a lot of clarity in that review of what our IP strategy is and the confidence that we have in our IP strategy. How the market will relate to that, that's a little harder for me to describe or predict, I'd say. But certainly, I think, as it plays out, I think the market will basically start to better understand what our position is. And certainly, as you have more confidence around that, I think you will see the sentiment change. I think the bigger issue – and I think Rova-T and the IL-23 are two good examples. Look, we obviously have a point of view of what we think is going to happen. We've communicated what that point of view looks like, I think, in very clear terms. That doesn't mean that everybody believes that point of view. But what I'd say is, if you look at even the bear case on HUMIRA, which we certainly don't agree with, and you look at this pipeline that we've now assembled of assets that have a very high profitability of success, I think even in the most bear case possible, most people would look at that pipeline and say, they should be able to grow through whatever happens. Now, obviously, we have a different view of what we think is going to happen, but even if you look at – at least the models I've looked at that have the worst case built into them, when I look at our pipeline and the probability of success of those assets I described in my formal remarks, and you just add them up and risk-adjust them based on the data you've seen and the commercial success you would expect from those assets, I think a reasonable person would draw the conclusion that you can grow through that. And I think that ultimately will be the calculus that investors are going to have to make.
