A – Rick Gonzalez: Steve, this is Rick. Let me take the first one, Mike take the second and Bill can take the third and maybe I can add some color onto the third. So as far as biosimilar assumptions in the EU. I’d say there is nothing different from what we had anticipated. I recently had a review I’m going to have another review in a month or so with the team. I’d say everything is tracking as we had assumed it would track, so and we certainly wouldn’t, if we had concerns we certainly wouldn’t be raising guidance at this point because we’re already delivering tremendous levels of performance if we had any level of uncertainty and based on what I said a few moments ago, we take extremely seriously that we’re never going to miss. We wouldn’t be raising guidance at this point, unless we had a lot of confidence in what that fourth quarter was going to look like. Now am I going to go through the defense strategies, I apologize on that because unfortunately it’s not my objective to telegraph to all of our competitors, what our defense strategies are? But what I can tell you is, thus far it is playing out exactly as we had planned it to play out and certainly as we go through the fourth quarter all of our are going to get a lot of clarity, on with that quarter looks like. I think buyer actions you can probably tell, we feel about it. But we’re all going to know here soon. And I have confidence in how we’re going to execute against that.
A – Rick Gonzalez: Thanks for that, that’s accurate. I will say that since the MURANO approval, we have seen an inflection point in patient starts. We track patient starts on VENCLEXTA like we do on other drugs. And so we have seen a fairly significant uptick in patient starts and so we are I think we’re encouraged based on what we’re seeing here now. It’s obviously very early since but I think if you look at that data, you look at the position, you look at the feedback that we’re getting from KOLs [ph] about their excitement about this asset and most importantly if you look at the benefit they can provide patients in this Relapsed/Refractory setting particularly patients who have failed BTK inhibitor. I think it’s a tremendous opportunity going forward for us. And I think another big opportunity for VENCLEXTA is AML. This is a very serious disease has bad outcomes for patients, particularly patients that can’t tolerate intensive chemotherapy and this is an excellent new therapy for those patients and it provides significant benefit for those patients and so I think our ability to have a big impact in AML is a high probability.
A – Rick Gonzalez: First on ORILISSA there isn’t any monitoring requirements in the label, but maybe let me back up a little bit and talk about what are the key attributes of this product in order for it to be successful and then I’ll talk about the ramp. So if you think about this area, what you would want to get the maximum value out of an asset in this area is, one you want a drug that gives high levels of efficacy, has a relatively clean safety profile, fast on, fast off because many of these women are reproductive age and they want to, if they choose to become pregnant or try to become pregnant, you want a drug they can stop taking and therefore they can move forward from a pregnancy standpoint. You want a label that allows for clinical diagnosis not diagnosis by lab, which is what we have. We wanted two doses because you have different levels of pain among these women and so you want to be able to titrate the dose depending upon their level of pain and your ability to be able to control that pain overtime. We’ve obviously gotten that in the label. You want the ability to be able to maintain therapy for a relatively long period of time and we were extremely pleased with the duration of the low dose being two years and you don’t want monitoring or any kind of black box for a drug of this size or of this nature rather. So we’ve gotten everything that we hope for in the label. We priced it in a way that it’s design to get relatively rapid uptake, it’s price at roughly 30% lower than Lupron which is one of the competitive alternatives, that’s available and so I think we have priced it in a way that should enhance the length. Now having said that, there hasn’t been a therapy new therapy in this area now, 15 or 20 years and because of that physicians aren’t used to prescribing medical therapy for it. So and patients aren’t necessarily used to seeking therapies other than paying management kinds of therapies for it. And so there is an education element that has to occur. Now we start at disease awareness campaign already, we started it a couple of months ago and we’re going to continue to run that disease awareness campaign. I think the early returns would suggest it’s working well. six months post the approval we’ve launched then a branded DTC campaign for the drug and so it’s more a function of just getting the patients engaged in a way that they go to their physicians and seek therapy for this condition and number two, then educating physicians what are the attributes of this product and how should it be used? And so that drives a different ramp then and HCV is an example or you get a very rapid update. So it has a softer ramp on the front end because of that. but I’d say, if I look at every attribute of the product from a label standpoint all the attributes of the product and we’ll repriced it or designed to ultimately give you maximum value and we believe this is a multi-billion opportunity for us.
A – Rick Gonzalez: I mean only thing I’d add Josh, this is Rick. Is if you think about the strategy we had with HUMIRA, it was a strategy where we tried to maximize the value of the asset by identifying other disease states where that mechanism could be successful and provide a good clinical benefit. As you look at things like Risa and especially Upadacitinib. The breadth of that mechanism I think we’re equally as excited as we were with HUMIRA that it will allow us to be able to expand the indications fairly significantly overtime and remember those are going to come out more in a 2021, 2022, 2023 timeframe. So going in areas like Crohn’s Disease like atopic dermatitis which we’ve seen impressive data. Those are big opportunities, they’re big markets that too is going to add to our ability to be able to continue to grow and add on significant opportunities in the pipeline overtime, in addition to our earlier stage or mid stage pipeline as Mike mentioned in oncology and immunology as an example.
A – Rick Gonzalez: Gregg, it’s Rick. When you say do anything different I mean clearly we’re still committed to be able to return significant capital to shareholders. So it’s clearly our intent and we have the ability to continue to grow the dividend and we’ve obviously just finished a fairly significant share repurchase. We have $2.5 billion left on the existing buyback program that we have and at the point, where that gets lower. We’ll obviously go back to our board and gain authorization for another share repurchase and so we continue to be committed in those areas from BDC endpoint as I said, we continue to look for various opportunities and if we were to find the right kind of opportunity, we obviously add to that. I think the other question that Jami mentioned was some kind of a spin and I wouldn’t say that we’re evaluating anything in that area.
Mike Severino: Okay, so this is Mike. With respect to the Risa file, the file was submitted in April. It was accepted on scheduled, so it would be June. We don’t typically give exact PDUFA dates, but you can do the math from there. It’s a standard 10 plus 2 review, so I call it – and although it’s very early what I would say is the file is going very smoothly and matching our very high expectations.
Mike Severino: This is Mike, I’ll take that. We’re pursuing Phase 3B program for ORILISSA looking at the ability of low dose hormonal add-back to mitigate some of the anti-estrogenic effects are intrinsic to this mechanism of action. We would expect that would allow for longer duration of therapy and we already feel pretty good about the tiers we have, but then maybe some women who knew even more than that and add-back maybe a route, to allow that to happen. We’ve not given specific timing on that study or on subsequent label changes because we’re still in the execution phase, but it’s something that we are progressing very nicely. With respect to the pipeline, as you point out we have a number of assets that are transitioning into commercialization. These are the assets for which we’ve been delivering positive Phase 3 data pretty consistently over the course of the last couple of years and we’ve paid a lot of attention to making sure that the pipeline is full behind that. What I would point to is a number of assets in our early oncology pipeline. We’ve invested a lot to make sure that pipeline is robust. We have on the order of about 18 programs in the clinic in early oncology and that number changes day-to-day as we advance programs, but that’s very robust across a number of areas. We have our stem [ph] [indiscernible] pipeline we have our early immune-oncology programs and some of those are producing very interesting early data, late preclinical and early clinical data and we have other programs aimed at our areas of expertise like apoptosis as one example. So we have a very robust pipeline there that will drive future growth we’re quite confident and outside of oncology we’ve also invested a lot in our pipeline. We’ve invested in our early immunology pipeline with a number of assets now either in Phase 2 or post enter Phase 2. These include things like our TNF steroid, immunology ABC platform which uses a steroid [indiscernible] non-acidic toxic [indiscernible] with the goal of driving very differentiated response in patients with RA and other TNF mediated diseases and if successful that could be a platform that we could apply to other disease states as well, with other targeting antibodies. We have a number of small molecule programs like our BTK and BTK JAK inhibitor combo programs and we have a number of very interesting programs in inflammatory bowel diseases like our CD40 program that is moving forward therein and many earlier than that. so it’s a overall, we put a lot of focus, a lot of attention into making sure that early pipeline is robust and will drive the next generation of product launches and next generation of growth.
Mike Severino: Okay, this is Mike. I’ll take the third part of your question around the phases of our strategy. And Phase 1 as you point out is operational execution, Phase 2 is the phase that we’re in right now, delivering on our late stage pipeline to create the next generation of marketed products that can drive our growth and then the third phase looks beyond that. It is sustainable growth out into the 2020’s and beyond and what I would say about that is a couple of things. One when you look at pipeline execution there is long-term growth out of our existing pipeline assets as Rick pointed out and with assets like Upadacitinib and Risankizumab we’re really just at the starting gates and there’s a lot of work to be done and there’s like Crohn’s Disease and atopic dermatitis, [indiscernible] inflammatory bowel diseases for Risankizumab that will drive growth. So there is more to that longer term growth story than just aren’t really pipeline. What we have as I mentioned a little while earlier, invested considerably in our early pipeline. We’ve invested in immunology because we’re fully determined to remain a long-term leader in immunology and we have a robust set of pipeline assets behind both Upadacitinib and Risankizumab and those are in the areas that I mentioned already and we’re investing in our pipeline and other areas as well. In oncology, we’ve built a very robust early pipeline. As I mentioned we have a large number of early clinical assets in oncology as well as we late preclinical assets, they’re poised to move into the clinical. These are across wide range of areas. There’s our Stemcentrx pipeline, our next generation immune-oncology efforts which are going very well and other efforts aimed at our core capabilities as a company, expanding on the work that we’ve done in apoptosis with VENCLEXTA for example, with mechanisms that can take us into solid tumors there. So what I would say is, there is large number programs very importantly they’re high quality programs all supported by very strong, preclinical data and for the most advanced promising early clinical data as well. We’re not dependent on any one mechanism or any technology, so we’re very diversified in early set, we’re not dependent on ADC’s per se or in any one technology. Although we have very good ADC programs, we have very good immune-oncology programs and we have very strong pipeline across the board there and that’s going to start reveal itself over the course of the next say 12 to 24 months. We’ve invested considerably in our neuro pipeline both in terms of capabilities in Cambridge Massachusetts Research Center and in our pipeline. Our lead asset AE12 is an Tau Antibody that’s in Phase 2 and two indications, in Alzheimer’s disease, but we’ve built a robust pipeline behind that in neuroinflammation in [indiscernible], in disease modifying agent scenarios like Parkinson’s disease and others. So we really have invested in that early pipeline and we’re starting to see the fruits of those labours. Those programs are now moving to the clinic. They’re entering Phase 2 and over the course of the coming years, we’re poised and delivered, a lot of exciting there.
