Rick Gonzalez: Well, first Jami I disagree with your analysis on the investment expense, because if they take your own report and I had to gather the SG&A and the R&D spend for those three companies that I mentioned were slightly below total investment, when you include SG&A and R&D. So it's a question of how you distribute your investments, I would say the second thing is in any cases, we have a broader portfolio of products and broader geographic spread of our products within some of those companies still. Is there anything structural? No, there is nothing structural, I mean obviously we have a geographic footprint it's much larger than many of those other company companies. We believe that’s a competitive advantage. As far as HUMIRA spending is concerned, we obviously do bottoms up budgeting every single year, we justify what we’re going to spend, I would tell you that the selling model that we have is somewhat unique in the industry, but it also tell you that the performance that it's delivering is unique as well. And products don’t sell themselves and so at the end of the day we believe we’re getting a good return out of the investment that we’re making. And we’re balancing our ability to be able to perform in best long-term as well as short-term significant return, and we may increase all the time. I would also say that when you look at some of those brands the broad conclusion that they don't require promotion is not an accurate conclusion. Lupron has promotional activities associated as an example with it. And so generally speaking what I would say is that there is nothing structural that would cause us not to be able to make significant changes. And as I mentioned in my comments to Mark if we were in a situation where ultimately that was something that we believe it was in the best long-term interest of shareholders then we will make that change. But we’re certainly not in that position now. If you look at our performance this quarter we’re growing rapidly, we expect to continue to grow. We have a number of pipelined drugs, as we believe will be approved over the course of the next two years we’re certainly going to put ourselves in a position to be able to launch those drugs and be effective and we’re going to balance the investment we’re making in other areas against that investment to try to be as efficient as possible. And we believe that is the appropriate way to run the business. And we don't believe it is appropriate to try to hit some margin target whatever the number is by cutting R&D or productive SG&A. We don't think that is in the long-term interest of the shareholders.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. I will talk a little bit about the international roll-out. Obviously we've launched in a number of European countries and in a number of other select countries outside of Europe, Germany is a good example of one that has gotten significant uptake. But you will see Italy coming online, Spain has come online and a number of other ones have come on line. So it's the major European countries that you would expect to be the greatest value. And then assume -- we’re assuming Japan we will see in the fourth quarter as well.
Rick Gonzalez: I think it is fair to say that because it's an outcome driven trial this trial will take a significant period of time to hit the number of events based on the endpoint that we’ve assumed.
Rick Gonzalez: In terms of market-share Alex, let me give you just a quick snapshot, rheumatology we’ve got about a roughly 25% share right now and dermatology it's approaching a 40% share and in the gastro space it's kind of around 45% market share for us, so very strong market share.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick, I’ll cover the market-share piece. So we’re obviously still pretty early on in the launch with three, four months into the launch and maybe the easiest way to characterize it is this, if you actually look I am going to give you a slightly different number than we’ve given you in the past because it will relate better to the overall market-share. So if you look at what we have under contract now and preferred or exclusive contracts total in other words there is still a percentage of covered lives that have not contracted yet and that percentage actually has stayed pretty constant for the last 30 or 45 days. So that’s why I am going to give you a total market-share. You say that we have about 21% of the market that’s under contract as a preferred, well we have preferred agent within those accounts. The vast majority of those have come online roughly in the March timeframe and there actually spread for March, April, May, obviously ESI came on early on and we’ve now demonstrated within the exclusives that we’ve been in for 90 days that we’re able to achieve high share. But ultimately we will deliver the overall share in the U.S. market will be ramping up in these other preferred or exclusive accounts and we’re not going to be able to see that data probably for another 90 days or so as they come online and we ramp. So, I think the best way I need the best way to think about the U.S. just qualitatively would be that you will see this essentially this lighter ramp in the first half of the year for the U.S. and a faster ramp in the second half of the year. Then the parody accounts obviously we've had a number of those under contract and we’re ramping there, they are not ramping as high as the exclusive accounts did. And so the blended share will be determined it's really too early I think to give you a prediction yet, but within 90 days or so I think we will be in a better position to be able to predict that. But it will be a blended share between what we’re able to drive in these preferred accounts, a level we get in parody accounts and then obviously in the areas where our volumes are indicated, we’re getting some share out of their exclusive accounts and it will be the blend of all of those. But now I would say you should be thinking about it in the teens right now, on a low end of the teens but should ramp from there.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick, I'll take the guidance question. It's specifically two things, it's what I just mentioned a moment ago that many of these exclusive accounts are just now coming on and if we look at our experience in the earlier ones that has taken us about 90 days to get to peak share. And so we need to make sure that we can demonstrate that level of share in those accounts to be able to give you an accurate prediction because obviously that drives a significant part of the share and the volume. And then the second thing is it's this issue that we described before and that is clearly we’re having greater success than we had planned in the international markets. And so the mix is different than what we expected in our original planning process. And so we need more time to see that rollout and that’s gated based on how you get reimbursement in those countries. So we don't want to give you an inaccurate number and we want to see it play out a little bit longer. But what we do know is we feel confident that we should be able to hit the greater than $3 billion run rate by the end of the year. And we've looked at that carefully and we've really communicated that. When we’re at a point that we feel comfortable we can give you a full year estimate we will provide that to you.
Rick Gonzalez: The partner aspect of it, first let me start with J&J. Obviously Pharmacyclics is an independent company right now and the relationship that they have with J&J is that something we can interfere with or be directly involved and we've had communication with J&J it's been very, very positive, I think we’ve worked with J&J in other aspects relationships that we've very had and our prior experience with Abbott and they are fine company, I think the relationship will work extremely well. I make similar comments about Roche, I think Roche, Genentech we’ve had very good relationships with and we don’t anticipate any challenges and managing our way through this relationship between the two partners.
Rick Gonzalez: Two big questions. So the Analyst Day, we had kick around the idea of an Analyst Day, we may do something post closing Pharmacyclics so we -- that was just something we need to plan for and not only we’ll be able to talk about the other aspects of the business that talk about our oncology strategy in more detail. So I would stay tuned on that and we think there a number of things if we could communicate kind of the summer, fall kind of timeframe. I think would be the most appropriate time and now there is a suggested similar suggestion to us about doing an Analyst Day. So that is something we’re considering. What I would tell you on the HUMIRA situation, it is not the launch of a biosimilar, obviously we had a strategy in place that we believe will allow us to continue to drive strong performance out of HUMIRA a post launch of a biosimilar. But what I would tell you is we obviously have contingency plans that we have in place that we will pull the trigger on. Remember it's going to be not just one single launch, right, because HUMIRA is sold all around the world. So there will be different countries, obviously the U.S. is significant part of that and the major European countries are another significant part of it. But we would be evaluating every single country on an ongoing basis and we would make a determination and I’d say the disaster scenario for us would be that ultimately we were significantly unable to achieve the objective that we built into our long range plan. Obviously built into the plan expectations, how we would deal with any price erosion that might occur, any share erosion that might occur and then we have a contingency plan that basically will be built around missing that particular set of assumptions, and you wouldn’t pull it all at once, you basically start to titrate if you are missing in a way to be able to offset or mitigate any financial impact versus what you had planned for. And so I think that’s the way to think about it.
Rick Gonzalez: So on HUMIRA and the biosimilar launch in -- the Remicade biosimilar launch expanding beyond the countries that has been in now for a couple of years. What it says we’ve been watching these launches carefully in the countries that they have been in for some period of time. If you look at those countries relatively modest share has been achieved by the biosimilar product in most of those countries and its well within the expectations of what we would have assumed. We’re watching the competitive response and learning from how that competitive response works. And I’d say so far that’s been consistent with what we would have expected from a pricing standpoint and a strategy standpoint. And so within the countries we’re in now, where we’re seeing these launches I can tell you HUMIRA is not impacted. We’re continuing to grow patient share within those countries and so there certainly isn’t any direct impact on HUMIRA within those countries what where we see it today. Is it a good metric in order to measure what we could expect with HUMIRA? I think that’s probably a little bit difficult to judge because again it all bodes boils to your position in the marketplace and I’d also say that the European market and international markets are different than the U.S. market for a number of different reasons. And so if you were to assume that a HUMIRA biosimilar would be in the U.S. prior to the international markets then I would say it's not a good surrogate at all to look at because I think U.S. will be a very different kind of competitive situation. And I think even in the European markets each product is positioned a little bit differently within the market and it bodes down to how to stay competitive response handle the launch of that product. So that one is a little tougher for me to answer. But I would say for right now it's tracking the way we would expected it to be. On the BD priorities post deal, if I understand the question correctly, are we looking to go out and find another large growth platform? The answer is no. We've obviously made a significant commitment here with the acquisition of Pharmacyclics and it positions us well in this sector. And ultimately it was platform play for us and it's a platform play that we would assume that we needed or wanted going forward. So now I think you will see us go back to a similar kind of strategy that we had before which is more looking for individual products that we build out. The areas that we had specific therapeutic interest in like immunology, like virology, like oncology and continuing to add on to that potentially some tuck in kinds of acquisitions, smaller acquisitions to add to it, but more of what you've seen from us in the past.
Mike Severino: With respect to IP, this is Mike Severino. With respect IP in Alzheimer's disease, we’re active from a research perspective in a wide range variance and we’re active in Neuroscience as well and that work generates IP it's done so in the past and we will continue to do so in the future. So I think you will see us continue to pursue research activities in this area over time.
Mike Severino: This is Mike Severino. With respect to offsetting status that’s our molecule that's been studied in diabetic neuropathy that is progressing well, it's in the Phase 3 study, that’s an outcome study and it's invent driven. So it's hard to make exact predictions about when it will read out, but I think those data will continue to mature over the next few years and so I think you can expect to hear more from it in that timeframe.
Mike Severino: And then Mark on separation expenses, when we separated from Abbott, we operated under a number of transition service agreements. It generally had a two to three year timeline. The majority of those were off with the exception of two large ones and that has to do with the rollout of the existing back office in Abbott and how quickly we could create a new back office and we’ve made great progress on that rolling out a very efficient shared outsource model, but we’re not completely done with that, we’ll be done at midpoint of this year. The other major initiative as you can imagine is just entangling the IT environment and infrastructure in general is extremely complex and that will be done by the third quarter and those are the majority of the costs you're still seeing coming through.
Mike Severino: So this is Mike Severino, with respect to our next generation HCV program, I think you're referring to comments we made about a 99% SVR4 response rate in genotype 1 non-cirrhotic patients. Those are simply the first data that we have available. We have not excluded cirrhotic patients on our Phase 2 program. You’ll see our Phase 2 program continue to mature a little course of this year and we'll be providing update as appropriate.
Mike Severino: This is Mike Severino. With respect to data coming out of ESOL and short course therapy in the future for Hep C. I think it's still a bit early to say where various regiments around the industry are going to sort out with respect to treatment duration. We've seen hints that six weeks maybe possible but those have sort of come and gone in the past and I think we’re going to need more data to know where treatment durations will really sort out over the next few years. What we do know is that it's very important to have high response rates to very high cure rates and I don't personally believe that people will be willing to sacrifice a lot on secured rates to say for example two weeks of the treatment duration and that’s certainly the philosophy that we’re taking. So I think those data will continue to evolve and we'll keep a close eye and with respect to our next generation program we’re going to study eight weeks and we will go where the data take us. We will go as short as we think the data support. Again while maintaining those very high cure rates. So I think when I look at all the data coming out of ESOL I still see our regimen is very, very competitive and I think treatment durations that we’re exploring are going to be appropriate with the landscape that we see out there in three to five years and beyond.
Mike Severino: This is Mike Severino. With respect elotuzumab and ABT-199 specifically the 17p del data. The question if I can paraphrase is, are we on track? And when we can see more data from these programs? We’re on track with both programs. Elotuzumab you will see an update at ASCO so that’s in a very near future. With ABT-199, and 17p del, we’re on track where we’re working with the data recall that this is an open label study so we’re working with the data. And what we see is consistent with our expectations. We'll look for an appropriate venue and timeframe to share details for those data externally. But we continue to have confidence in that molecule and have a view towards the regulatory submission later on this year.
Mike Severino: So with respect to ESOL, we continue to feel confident that VIEKIRA PAK will provide competitive efficacy in the timeframe that’s you are describing in the 2065 timeframe and beyond. Recall that cure rates of VIEKIRA are very high and that duration is been well tolerated and we don't see major shifts for example in duration of therapy in the timeframe that you are describing that would change that picture in any meaningful way. Of course over the longer-term we have our own next generation program which I talked about a little bit earlier in this call, which will continue to drive innovation in this space. And so we feel good about our presence in Hep C today. And we'll continue to do so over the years to follow. With respect real world cure rates with VIEKIRA PAK that doesn't match our experience. And so I really can't comment on that report. Our real world experience is actually a quite good with respect to adherence to the regimen and therefore realizing the cure rates that have been demonstrated in clinical trials.  With respect to Imbruvica, we're each obtaining inhibition in autoimmune disorders, obviously that’s something that has been a focus of research for a number of companies including ourselves. It's something we'll continue to investigate. I think we will be positioned very well to pursue that aggressively given our extensive experience in immunology and post close given PCYC's experience in BTK inhibition. So it's certainly something that we will keep a close eye on something that we would pursue.
