William Chase: On your operating margin question, first of all, I think we've made enormous progress on operating margin, if you look at where we've come since spin-off, and we certainly did last year in the third quarter -- or I'm sorry, 2015 in the third quarter communicate our intent to hit 50% by 2020. Everything as we look at it right now is still on that plan. Obviously, we're in the process of pulling the other new LRP, and we're going to look at it again, but that's our goal as a management team and we certainly are constructing a path to get there. If you look at '17 relative to '16, we're showing improvement. We had said in our long range guidance that we'd anticipate 100 to 200 basis improvements per year; it is true in '17 we're coming up a little shot of that. But you've to recognize that the annualization of Stem and BI as well as the required investment on those programs has pretty much added about a 120 basis points of dilution. So, if you back that out we would back within that range and what we communicated back at the end of '16 before we did Stem and BI. So, we think it's -- the base business is showing the right level of performance, and obviously we're having the opportunity to invest in those two very important programs and still deliver operating margin expansion. So, we're quite pleased with the number in '17. In terms of how we get to 2020 target of 50%, you have to recognize that we first and foremost have the royalty stack on HUMIRA rolling off, that will have impact on the P&L in '18 and '19, just as we've communicated before but to remind you that royalty stack is 5% to 6% of global HUMIRA sales to one-third of the stack disappears at the end of '17 with P&L benefit in '18, two-thirds at the end of '18, P&L benefit in '19. So that will give you some idea of how that flows in, and then we are always committed to driving more efficient supply chain. We're enjoying those benefits right now and we have enjoyed them since then as well as other cost containment programs. We have pretty I'd say strong targets internally to deliver on those, and then finally you can't overlook the importance of sales leverage across this P&L. Most notably '18 and beyond as we start launching new products, and we start getting the full indication to lead Venclexta, and again obviously HUMIRA in the U.S., we anticipate growth throughout that period. So, when you add all of those things up, even despite partnership accounting which we think will present about 200 basis points of drag. We feel that we got enough positives in the mix to drive that share -- of that operating margin profile goal.
William Chase: So, Chris, picking up from there, obviously our guidance on HUMIRA in the U.S. is mid-high-teens and I think the way you want to think about that is continued volume in low double digits, high single digits. Price will have more of an impact earlier in the year and that's why we are guiding first quarter above 20% and then but we expect that volume to remain low double digit throughout the year.
William Chase: Sure. So, at the end of the quarter we had about $8 billion of cash, and I think it's always safe to assume the vast majority that is overseas given that to hold cash in the U.S. under current tax paradigm is somewhat on economical to us. So, we try to keep that cash offshore. In terms of our ability to manufacture in the event that there is a tax paradigm that favors U.S. manufacturing, look, if you look at our manufacturing assets mostly our HUMIRA, which is the main point of I believe your question. We've got manufacturing facilities in the U.S., the original plant the HUMIRA was manufactured is out in Massachusetts. We also have manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico. So, obviously, we'd have to look closely to whether Puerto Rico is considered part of the U.S., which we obviously think it should be, but if that was the case then it would really be no requirement to move our supply chain around drastically.
Richard Gonzalez: Good morning, Jamie, it's Rick. So, interchangeability, I think as we all know the FDA has communicated for some time that they were going to come out with this guidance by the end of '16, so I think the timing of it was, was as expected. We got a chance to go through it, I think it clearly reflects that interchangeability is a higher standard than biosimilarity, it describes that biosimilars will have to do a three-way switching study between the biosimilar and the innovator, and it strongly suggests that those studies be done with U.S. reference products, as the comparator. I'd also say that FDA devoted a considerable amount of time in the guidance to packaging and the delivery system or the device differences and potentially depending upon what those differences are, it could require a human factor studies in order to demonstrate that there's no significant difference between the biosimilar and the innovator's product. So, I think as we step back and we’re continuing to obviously analyze this, when direct biosimilars come into the marketplace, we’ve said that our strategy will be a strategy that's designed to maintain market share while maximizing the profitability of the brand. That remains the same, and I think unlike small molecules where the erosion curve is really driven by retail pharmacy substitution which is what makes it so challenging. On a small molecule very little or almost none of biologics go through retail pharmacy, they go through and are dispensed through specialty pharmacy where your formulary position is really what dictates what product is dispensed, not the individual pharmacy. So, I don’t think it fundamentally changes that part of the strategy. As far as the competitive dynamics, I think it's too early, I mean we don’t believe based on what we know that any of the single-switch studies they're being done now would meet the standard. But we'll have to see how the competitive dynamics play out as people look at this and start to design programs in order to try to achieve interchangeability and so, and it will need to see how that plays out over time.
Richard Gonzalez: Well that's probably not something I just want to guess on. Yes, obviously, there are significant issues that play through your question. First and foremost, it's one of the biosimilars on the market to begin from a standpoint of our IP protection, and we remain committed to the position that we took back in 2015 that we believe our portfolio of IP will protect HUMIRA within the U.S. until 2022. And so beyond that, it's difficult for me to project based on where we are today, because I am not aware of anyone doing a study that would be compliant with what's described here. That doesn’t mean it does not happen, it's just I am not aware of it.
Richard Gonzalez: All right. So, Jeff, maybe let me talk a little bit about pricing or reforms in the Affordable Care Act, there obviously are a lot of things out in the environment slowing around but there is not a lot of specificity yet. So, it's probably one difficult and two an appropriate for me to try to speculate on what some other changes might be. I think as we look at our business and the mix of our business, certainly, we are being conscious of pricing our products and way that is responsible and you have seen that. I think what is important for all of us in the innovation pharmaceutical space is to continue to demonstrate the value of the medicines that we have. And in many cases as you know, these medicines actually reduce overall healthcare class and pharmaceuticals are still a relatively more percentage of the overall spend within the healthcares system the Medicare system. Specifically when we look at our business, I think most of our medicines are underpinned by strong evidence base that they're not only clinically very important and very effective, but also provided good economic value proposition for the system itself and we see that in the usage that get and fully socialized systems where they can determine, what products they use into the extent of that they use those systems. You see products like HUMIRA do extremely well in those markets. Additionally, if you look at our business overall, it's not heavily weighted towards Medicare that only about 12% of our total revenues going to Medicare. So, we are not overly, heavily weighted within that sector. But I would say while our goal will be is to continue to advocate for access to innovative medicines for all patients, across all the channels, and I would hope that one of the things that as we look at reforming the Affordable Care Act that we could deal with, is the burden that donor hold and copays put on seniors in the Medicare program because I think that creates a lot of the challenge that we see. So, we'll have to see how it plays out. I mean I think some of the effort in this area I think, will benefit over the long haul that we've to see some more of the details. So, on IMBRUVICA if you actually look at IMBRUVICA, it continues to perform extremely well. And global sales were $511 million in the quarter. The U.S. was 434; that's up about 47% year-over-year. Full year we were above the guidance that we gave, slightly above the guidance we gave of $1.8 billion, that represents 67% growth. If you look at the IMS prescription growth, it's up 38% in the quarter versus the prior year, and if you look quarter-to-quarter it's up about 6%, which we think is more indicative of the growth of the brand. That was if you look at just pure revenue in the two quarters, that was about $15 million or $20 million with a channel or inventory that occurred in the third quarter, the depressed revenues in the fourth quarter. So that's essentially what you see when you look at the sequential growth quarter-to-quarter; as we look at fourth quarter as Bill mentioned in his comments, we're forecasting sequential growth in the high single-digit range -- I'm sorry in the first quarter in the high single-digit range. But it's overall we're very pleased with how IMBRUVICA is going, it continues to track where we had hoped or slightly ahead. So, we're very comfortable with IMBRUVICA. And then you're last question is on the mix of biosimilar impact outside the U.S., actually for the vast majority of our countries, the fourth quarter of 2018 is the time at which biosimilars will be able to enter the marketplace, and as far as the geographic mix. That'll be driven by the competitors; how they launch, when they get access? Maybe one other things, that would be indicative or least directionally helpful is to look at the biosimilars that are in the marketplace today. So, if you look at the Remicade biosimilar, I think they're in about 66 countries today, at least 50 countries have reimbursement or pricing for those biosimilars. They have about just under 5% of the overall market and they have about just under 25% of the molecule share, after being on the market for several years. If we look at the Enbrel biosimilar which has only been in the market for a shorter period of time; today they're approved in about 34 countries, they're pricing in 19 countries -- pricing reimbursement in 19 countries. The latest data says that they had just over 3% share of the overall category and about 14% or 15% share of the molecule. So, I think directionally that gives you a feel for how it will probably roll out, that's consistent with what we had assumed when we provided guidance back in 2015 when we described to you what we thought the erosion curve would look like. We continue to monitor this and we feel comfortable with what erosion curve continues to look like.
Richard Gonzalez: As far as transactions or acquisitions or licensing opportunities, I mean you continue to active, but as we said when we did the Stem transaction for the next year or half from that point we said we wouldn’t be looking for any kind of platform any kind of transaction it would be more individual products. I mean what really drives our efforts here is the strategy we have within each one of the verticals. We have a very specific set of price area would an each one of those verticals of assets that we are looking for. And as we signed those kinds of opportunities then obviously we purse those opportunities it’s a today we don’t view that we need any kind of a platform play or technology within any of those verticals and so I think you can assume more individual products whether they be straight at acquisition or such structure that is more similar today to the IL23 transaction that we did. I think that’s what you should expect.
Richard Gonzalez: I think on gross demand I mean we have never communicated the growth in that before and for competitive reasons we just don’t think that’s something it's appropriate for us to communicate Mark. As far as trends are concern as we indicated I think it was in the third quarter call. We have negotiated all of our managed care contracts for '17. And there was not a significant change or I would say very good change in the gross to net, between those two. Some of those are both '17 and '18 and some are just '17. So, I would say there is relative stability in gross to net going forward, at least for the next year and half two years I'll say. Obviously the environment can change, but that’s the view of it right now. As you go back to the OUS, as you look it sequentially, I think we had this discussion maybe a year or so ago I remember. Outside the U.S. because there are tenders in certain places where, the quarters can jump along quite a bit. And so sequential growth quarter-to-quarter sometime is not a very good indicator of the overall growth of the brand in time. So that’s the only caution I have. If you try to understand or they how is it actually performing in the back drop of the bio similar which maybe what you are trying to understand. I essentially gave to an earlier question, some of the latest biosimilar data. The latest date that we have of the three month market share for the biosimilars, they had a very modest impact thus far. And we would expect that to continue going forward. If you look at our international HUMIRA business in 2016 and you just out the onetime impact for Venezuela for the devaluation of Venezuela. As Bill said in his comments, the brand is going from a revenue standpoint about 7%. If you actually look at volume is probably two points higher than that. So, high single digit volume growth and that’s indicative of what we are seeing across most major markets where we operate, in the back drop of having Remicade and Enbrel biosimilars in many of those markets.
Richard Gonzalez: So, Dave, this is Rick. Because we're in the active phase of litigation now, obviously I can't provide you a lot of color on how that will proceed, I mean obviously we're actively involved with Amgen on that litigation; you see now publicly when the trial date is scheduled for, which was consistent with the timeline that I think we discussed when we provided the longer term guidance, and so I think it's tracking on a path that ultimately is consistent with what are expectations were. And obviously as others file, we'll be going through a process with them, which will be somewhat similar to the Amgen process and we'll have to see as that plays out but nothing that I can give you color on. On the IPRs although you said excluding the IPRs, I guess the one thing I would point out on the IPR, it's just -- it's another form of this, right. We've had two IPRs now on some of our formulation patterns, broad formulation patterns; we were successful and prevailed on those. We've two more that are coming up now on method-of-use patents in the RA area, some of our method-of-use patents in RA are being challenged. I think one thing that's important for investors to understand, the strategy that we have in place is not one that hinges on one or two patents. I mean at the end of the day we have a portfolio patents, and its 110, and it is that portfolio patents that provides us confidence that ultimately we can protect the position which HUMIRA based on all the innovation that we've done and the investment we've made in HUMIRA that's a very broad portfolio of IP that protects it. And so regardless of which way the IPRs go this strategy is not hinged on one or two patents. So that will play out over the course of this year and the rest of the litigation will continue to play out, but I think that's important perspective for investors to have.
Richard Gonzalez: On venetoclax, I think it’s probably more indicative to look at the overall revenue so far in 2016. It was roughly $20 million, so relatively modest and I think there are couple of factors that you have to think through there, as Bill mentioned in his comments this is a 17p deletion is a relatively small market it's about $300 million, today IMBRUVICA between 50% and 60% of that market so other asset has a very significant share position. In addition when you start patients up because you set them up in dose, the initial month or so therapy is at a reduced cost because of the way the product is priced because it's priced on a milligram basis, and so essentially you step the patients through. So, when you're in the early phase of starting patients up then you generate less revenue because you're taking them through the start up phase. If you look at where we are right now our exit share was about a little over 20% or so, 20-22%. So the combined share between IMBRUVICA and venetoclax is significant obviously in this segment and we’re starting 80-90 patients a month on average roughly.
Michael Severino: So, Marc, I'll pick up SG&A on HUMIRA. There is really the nothing about that business that has been negative and we will lead us to pull back on SG&A. Now, obviously, we are thoughtful, when we had the discussion about SG&A on HUMIRA, we said that largely the required base was in place. Obviously, though, we do have things like merit, inflation those sorts of things when we are always looking for ways to make our spent more efficient, but there is nothing about that the performance of the brand that will pull back on SG&A. I think it's also important to recognize that we have a pretty sophisticated rigorous process of evaluating ROI on every one of our SG&A program, and certainly if you look at the growth that HUMIRA has contributed in the quarter and the year and forecasted in 2017. And you can see why we will be confident that ROI is still holding up and that investment as wise.
Michael Severino: With respect to our Phase 2 in Alzheimer's disease, we're very excited about this program which is our anti-tau antibody and tau is a protein that is very tightly correlated to dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases, and our antibody is thought to block the spreading of this pathology through the brain, and so we think it holds great promise as potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease. We just started Phase 2 right now basically and so it's going to take a bit of time before we get to meaningful data readouts. I think that the way we've designed the study, there are a number of opportunities for us to see data along the way. So, we can learn meaningful things certainly before we get to the end of a large Phase 2 study, but I think it's too early today to predict when along the course of that study that might be. Obviously, it's a program that we're going to be focused on and we're going to drive as quickly as possible.
Michael Severino: With respect to Elagolix, the ultimate duration of therapy is going to be part of the regulatory discussion and labeling discussion around that molecule, so I think it's early to predict an exact duration, but we have an extensive clinical trials program, one that included both extension studies for a longer duration of therapy and off treatment periods. So, we believe that will have the datasets to optimally support strong duration of therapy at the time of launch, and we're also pursuing post-launch Phase 3B programs to further extend both that data set and ultimately to extend duration of therapy, we believe through our approaches such as our add-back program. So, I think, it's early today to give you a concrete answer, but I think we're going to have the data to support the duration of therapy. Turning to the tau study, the a-beta imaging in that protocol is necessary to ensure that the patients who are enrolled in the study do in fact have Alzheimer's disease, and we know that if one doesn't take that measure that there are other forms of dementia that look clinically similar to Alzheimer's disease that could be enrolled essentially in error. Those patients wouldn't be expected to benefit from the therapy aimed at Alzheimer's pathology, and so that's the rule there, it's a little bit different than the response biomarkers that are being incorporated in our trial and in many others in the Alzheimer's field. We have a range of biomarkers in our program and a range of clinical measures that we think will allow us to interrogate this and those include imaging markers. We think we're going to have the data set to make a decision out of this trial. With respect to the correlation of tau with neuronal dysfunction, what we know about a-beta and tau is that the pattern of the pathology is different between the two. A-beta pathology peaks very early and is essentially stable at the time that disease progression occurs. It also doesn't correlate particularly well with the area of the brain that exhibits dysfunction. What we know about tau is the rise in tau pathology tracks much more closely with both neuronal dysfunction and clinical symptoms making, it very tightly linked in time to the progression of Alzheimer's disease. It's also very tightly linked in space with respect to the progression of Alzheimer's disease. So, there are these regional variants where you have different regions in the brain that are primarily affected and if you look at a-beta in those patients, the distribution of a-beta is essentially unchanged across them, but if you look at tau, tau pathology is most permanent in the areas where there is neuronal dysfunction. So, we think that those data will indicate a strong role of time for tau and a strong role for our mechanism. Ultimately of course the Phase 2 study and downstream studies will answer those questions definitively.
Michael Severino: With respect to the Phase 2 study for our tau antibody program, the completion date that would be listed on clinicaltrials.gov is the date in which the study would conclude, if it went out to the final analysis. With the Phase 2 study such as this one, there are opportunities to learn along the way as I mentioned a bit earlier. There are interim assessments. It's too early today to predict the exact timing of those assessments. But there will be opportunities along the way between today and that 2020-2022 timeframe for us to learn a lot more about the tau program and obviously as we learn more we’ll communicate better.
Michael Severino: Okay, so with respect to veliparib, as you point out the role for PARP inhibition in germline carriers of BRCA mutations would be either breast cancer or ovarian is really quite clear. And of course veliparib is registered based on single-arm studies in BRCA germline carriers. We have chosen to follow a different development path, specifically because we didn’t think it made a lot of sense for us to take our PARP and try to follow other into relatively a small although medically important indications like those BRCA germline carriers, that not need had already been met in our view. So, we are testing a different hypothesis. We are testing the hypothesis that first hit doesn’t have to come from a germline mutation, that in the setting of DNA damaging chemotherapy particularly platinum-based therapy. The role of DNA repair mechanisms become more important and that PARP inhibition may have an effect. Now, there is still preclinical rationale for this. The Phase 2 data were supportive of it, but it really is that Phase 3 question to answer, and so we have broad phase 2 program that will begin to readout over the course of this year. And the read out this year will be in a couple of areas neoadjuvant breast cancer as well as in two non-small cell lung cancer studies. So, we will start to see over the course of this year whether that broader hypothesis is going to play out. We do also have a study in ovarian cancer that study is just not as advanced as the non-small cell lung cancer study. With respect to potency, I think it's very hard to determine whether preclinical potency assays such as the ones that have been used for PARPs are going to translate into the clinic. Potency can vary based on assay conditions and number of other factors, and we believe the clinical activity is ultimately what will define the role of these PARP inhibitors. And in our early phase studies, we saw good single-agent activity in line with the degree of PARP inhibition that we would have hoped to have achieved.
