Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, Jami. Well, thanks very much for that question. I'll try to take these one at a time. So with respect to the safety profile of our agent, upadacitinib, and DVTs and PEs, the short answer is we've looked. And we don't see anything that we'd consider a signal or rates that exceed expected background. But maybe to fully answer your question, it would be helpful to take a step back from for a moment and think about what we know and what we don't know. So based on Lilly's recent statements, we know that questions around DVT and PE appear to be the driver behind their CRL and that that concern seems to be driven by an imbalance during the placebo-controlled portion of their studies. We also know that RA patients are at increased risk of DVT and PE, and that these events are observed in virtually all Phase 3 programs in RA, regardless of the mechanism of action. And as you point out, we also know that there have been a number, I think, it's something like 18, post-marketing reports of PE with XELJANZ. Since RA patients are at an increased risk and XELJANZ has been on the market for several years, I don't think that that is necessary surprising. When you think about what we don't know, there are a number of things in that column. For starters, we don't know whether bari [baricitinib] does, in fact, increase risk. Here, the FDA has just asked for more data. We also don't know the detailed data that Lilly and the FDA are looking at. For example, what's the total number of cases, including not only the placebo-controlled portions but also the open-label periods? What are rates overall and are they increased? What's the nature of the cases? Is there evidence of a dose response or not? So we still have a lot to learn about bari, but I can tell you about our program. We've been monitoring for DVT and PE right from the beginning because we know that RA patients are at an increased baseline risk, as I just said. Because of this background rate, which is generally between about 0.3 and 0.8 events per 100 patient years you'd expect to see some PEs in any RA clinical program. In fact, it would be surprising if you didn't. So to evaluate them, you have to look at the other factors that I just talked about. Now, again, as I said, we've been monitoring for these events right from the start, but based on the recent history from bari we've gone back and we've taken another very careful look at all the data we've collected so far. And, as I said, based on that look, we don't see anything that we'd consider a signal or rates that exceed expected background, so our view of our program hasn't changed. Now, you asked about platelets. We've looked at that. And what we see with our agent are a tendency towards modest decreases in platelets with treatment. Now, that's not necessarily surprising, because platelets can behave in some patients like an acute phase reactive. (28:25) They can go up when there's active inflammation. And when you treat that inflammation, they can return back towards normal. And all of the changes that we're seeing are very modest and they're all within the normal range. So I don't know that I would really make very much of that right now. You asked about hemoglobin in Phase 2. And what I would say is in Phase 2, we studied a very wide range of doses, including doses that are much higher than the doses we're carrying forward in Phase 3. And we did that because we wanted to make sure that we fully explored the dose range and we got that dose selection right, because dose selection is critical in any Phase 3 program. At the doses that we're studying in Phase 3, we're not seeing significant changes in hemoglobin and AEs (29:10) of anemia are very uncommon and seen in all dose groups, including placebo. So we're not seeing issues with hemoglobin in our program. With respect to the positioning of these agents, maybe I'll let Rick make a few comments and then I may close it out.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Certainly. So, as Rick mentioned, it's really the data that's going to drive the positioning. And we're very fortunate to have demonstrated very strong data from both of these programs. If you look at upadacitinib, we've seen get very good responses in Phase 2 and also in the first Phase 3 study, SELECT-NEXT, that we've top-lined. What we're particularly encouraged is the ability to drive responses at higher levels. And so that's getting patients to DAS, low disease activity DAS remission, for example. And we've seen very good performance out of both of our dose levels at those more stringent measures. We've also designed a very broad and very robust, very comprehensive Phase 3 program for upadacitinib in RA that will provide a lot of data and give a lot of time on drug so that we can very well characterize both the benefit and the risk profile of those agents. So I think the program that we've designed is going to be a real strength. We've seen good response in upadacitinib in other indications, as Rick mentioned, like inflammatory bowel diseases, where there's a real unmet medical need and so the breadth of that program, I think, will be very beneficial. If we move our attention to IL-23 and risankizumab, there are other agents in this class and it is a competitive space, but we were particularly struck with the Phase 2b data that we saw for risankizumab. We're driving very, very high levels of response and very high levels of response at a PASI 100 level, for example, that really are the best that have been seen in this field. And we did a head to head in Phase 2 and drove PASI 100 levels that were roughly double that of currently available agents. So I think those data are very strong. And when you couple that with the fact that we're able to achieve quarterly dosing and very durable responses, which have been a problem with past agents in psoriasis, I think that all shapes up to be a very strong profile. And, of course, risankizumab also provides strong data. We presented data in IBD at the DDW meeting, which showed very good responses in Phase 2. And we're moving forward with a very broad program for risankizumab as well.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: And this is Mike. With respect to the Stemcentrx pipeline beyond Rova-T, we continue to make very, very good progress. And one of the things that was really attractive about Stemcentrx was that it not only brought a lead asset, but it had a discovery platform that we thought we could capitalize and accelerate our presence in solid tumors. And we're seeing that play out. The scientific team there has been very productive. They've worked well with the broader scientific team at AbbVie. Our strengths really complement each other. We're driving that platform forward rapidly. We have a number of programs in the clinic, and we have a number of programs in late preclinical development, poised to enter early clinical development. And we could introduce as many as three to four programs a year into the clinic over the next couple of years from that platform, as we said in other settings. We're still tracking very well against that goal, and we feel good about the progress we're making.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. This is Mike. With respect to 494, what we've reported so far is from Phase 2. And in Phase 2, there were two cases of PE that were in patients with a number of risk factors. One of those was a recurring case. Given the background rates that I talked about, it really isn't surprising to see a small number of cases like this, particularly in Phase 2, where the large majority of patients are on active drug. With respect to our ongoing trials, what we've said is that we're monitoring our data closely. We have a good understanding of the background rate, which is between about 0.3 and 0.8 events per 100 patient years, and we're not seeing anything that's elevated above that rate.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. This is Mike. I'll take CF first. You know, our CF program is a program that we feel very good about. It's still in early phase studies. And so for a company of our size, we don't always spend a lot of time talking about our very early phase work, but that doesn't mean that we're not excited about it. I think there's a real opportunity there. I think the target has a lot of the characteristics of things we're really good at doing, engineering very, very specific and high-quality small molecules together with our partner on this, Galapagos. I think there clearly is an unmet medical need. Obviously, there have been advancements in the field, and that's good for patients, but there's more room to go. And so we think that we can contribute there. With respect to the Vertex data, and the Vertex data are strong, but we expected those data to come out and we expected them to be strong. We still believe that there is headroom above that that can benefit patients, and we can help meet that need. It's our mid-phase trials that are going to provide that answer. And we and Galapagos are working diligently to move into that phase of development. With respect to Phase 3, I think it's a bit early to predict timing on Phase 3 right now.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. This is Mike. I'll start with the elagolix question and hand it over to Rick. We've designed a program for elagolix that is going to provide a very large and very comprehensive database to guide real-world use. We have the initial efficacy periods, and those results were very strong. We've reported them in other settings. We have extension periods, which, as you point out, could be very important for informing duration of use. And then we have off-treatment periods, so that we can look at a number of factors that we'd want to examine as patients roll off of this therapy. And the results we've seen in each phase are very, very strong. What I would say is there's a real unmet medical need here. There hasn't been any innovation in this space in decades. And women's treatment options are very, very limited, so oral contraceptives are used upfront. They provide some women relief. And that's good, but we know that many, many women don't achieve necessary relief. Beyond that, there's no disease-specific intervention until you get all the way to the other end of the spectrum, either putting a woman in menopause with LUPRON or surgical interventions. And in-between, the only thing that doctors can do is give pain medicines and basically treat this as a chronic pain condition. And we know that the pain is severe enough that a large number of women go on opioid pain medicines for this condition. And so we think that elagolix is really going to offer a compelling profile to these women. And what it offers is the ability to titrate suppression of the hormonal lapses. (59:21) Instead of just an on and off switch, we can achieve different levels of suppression. And we've seen that that translates into improvement in pain, improvement in symptoms on a number of measures and a very favorable safety profile. So we're looking forward to moving forward with the regulatory submission, which will be later on this quarter. And we think it's going to be a real advance in this field. With that, I'll hand it over to Rick.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. So, this is Mike. I'll take the first question on upadacitinib and the rates of DVT and PE. So I think, as we've said, it's the overall rates that are really important. We continue to monitor those. We're well within that expected rate for the population. And, of course, one wouldn't expect to see something lower than the background rate for the population in any large clinical trials program. So when we have the aggregate data, we'll present the whole picture. And we'll show what those rates are. And we'll also show, at an appropriate time, the distribution in the control period. But really right now, we're very early on in un-blinding and reporting out our Phase 3 RA studies. With respect to those other rates, the rate that you quoted for Gilead, I think we'd have to really understand where that exposure comes from. Gilead is really just getting started in RA. Most of their data comes from Crohn's disease and other inflammatory bowel disease conditions, like UC, where the patient population's very different. They tend to be younger. The risk profile is different. So I think, at this stage, it's hard to use those benchmarks that you quoted as ranges. I think you have to look at the literature. You have to look at other sources of information. And we see a very, very consistent background rate of 0.3 to 0.8. You see that in the literature. We've done our own work in payer databases and we see that same rate. And we've seen that same rate across historical RA programs, regardless of mechanism of action. Some are ours. Some are other programs. So we think we have a really good handle on that rate. And what we're seeing right now is very, very consistent with nothing other than that background rate. When we have the data from our Phase 3 program, we'll present that whole picture.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. So this is Mike. I'll take that first one with respect to 494 and anemia. You know, as I mentioned, in Phase 2, we explored a very broad dose range, including doses above what we would expect, to study in either RA or other indications like inflammatory bowel diseases. At the doses we're studying, we're not seeing a problem with hemoglobin or anemia. And we, of course, have data, not only in RA, but we have mid-stage data in inflammatory bowel diseases, so we don't see anemia as being a problem across-the-board for that program.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Sure. Hi, Jami. I think if you step back and you think about what we're trying to accomplish in this particular area, obviously, we have a leadership position in immunology. We've been working on this strategy for a number of years now. Our goal was to bring forward a set of agents that we thought could restate standard of care in all the areas that we had a leadership position in. From the very beginning, we didn't believe that there was one mechanism of action that was likely to be able to do that, so we pursued multiple mechanisms of action. And now we have two assets that we believe can give us coverage with a differentiated profile within those areas. So if you think about the three major areas, RA, psoriasis and IBD, certainly as we look at 494 [ABT-494] and the data that we've seen thus far, we believe it fundamentally will have a differentiated profile, in particular in the TNF-inadequate responder population. We're excited and interested in what that data will look like and encouraged that we think that, that will be a profile that will be differentiated in the marketplace. And so, we think 494 is clearly the asset that will be our RA asset. In psoriasis, certainly the IL-23 risankizumab is certainly demonstrated in the Phase 2 studies, a significant differentiation versus other agents that are out there. And I'll have Mike talk specifically about the data here in a moment. So that's certainly the asset that we're targeting there. In IBD, these patients tend to rotate through therapies, because they do lose effect over time. And both of these agents, I think in our early data, it would suggest to us, we'll have good activity in IBD. And I think our strategy, although we have to see how the data plays out, will be that we will pursue both agents in this area. And that will give us the fullest level of coverage within this disease state and this is a disease state that still has a significant unmet need. And then, obviously, we're going to look at a number of other areas. And many of these other areas can be very significant opportunities. If you think about HS with HUMIRA, that's tracking to be a $1 billion indication for us. So many of these other areas will be significant opportunities as well, but that covers the major areas. Now from a go-to-market strategy and how we'll be positioning these products, it'll vary somewhat based on geography and based on other events, like the timing of biosimilar entries within those markets. But generally speaking, we view this portfolio of assets, HUMIRA and these two assets, as the way that we will compete in the marketplace. Certainly, we have the gold standard product in HUMIRA in these areas. It's really the flagship product. It will play an important role over the long term, as we've said. Even when we see biosimilars in this market, it'll be our goal to maintain our leadership position within this market. But HUMIRA doesn't work on every single patient. And I think the best way to think about it is this: despite how successful we have been with HUMIRA, we still have roughly a third of the market. When you add these other two agents into the mix of our portfolio, it should give us the opportunity to significantly grow our market share position, because we will then have a set of assets that should give us much broader coverage, from a clinical standpoint, across the patient groups in these areas to have agents that will be efficacious. Some will be follow-on agents. Some will compete head-to-head for new patients. It will depend a lot on the geography and the circumstances within that market. But we think this portfolio of assets in immunology will clearly give us an opportunity to be able to significantly increase our market share position in this area. We view this as a very exciting opportunity and one that can drive significant growth for the company going forward. Maybe, Mike, specifically talk a little bit about some of the data we've seen and the differentiation.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Jeff, this is Rick. You know, I think on cash generation, obviously, we have a business that generates significant cash flow and that cash flow is only going to grow over time. I think the distribution of that and the priorities are consistent with how we've operated in the past. Certainly, our first priority is always reinvesting back in the business. And, obviously, we've done some significant acquisitions with Pharmacyclics, Stemcentrx and others. Risankizumab is a good example of other assets that we then license, so that's always a priority. Having said that, I would say that over the course of the last four years or so, we have filled out a lot of the major gaps that we had in our therapeutic strategies and we're looking more now for individual assets, rather than larger platform kinds of plays, but that's always the first priority. The second priority is we're committed to the dividend. We're committed to a growing dividend. I think we've demonstrated that with our actions going forward across the last four years. And then as far as repurchase, today, we obviously look at share repurchase, which we've done a significant amount even outside of that related to M&A, as a more opportunistic strategy. When we have excess U.S. cash, we tend to deploy it in that fashion. You commented on there's been a lot of discussion around it. I think if there were tax reform and we had greater access to our offshore cash in a cost effective way, then that would open up different opportunities for us to be able to deploy further cash, because I think our cash generation would certainly exceed what we would view as our need to be able to redeploy it back in the business. But we'll have to see how that plays out. I think it's a little tough to handicap at this point where that will go. As it relates to HCV, we're certainly excited about MAVIRET. I think it has a profile that is highly competitive in the marketplace. The markets are very different within the U.S. and outside the U.S. I'd say if you think about this product outside the U.S., it certainly gives us the ability to compete in the broader set of genotypes, which we haven't had in the past. And it certainly gives us the ability to be able to compete more effectively in markets that have a significant genotype 1a population, because the profile of MAVIRET is more highly competitive than Viekira was in those particular marketplaces. And so, we view that opportunity as significant. We have to get pricing and reimbursement in those countries. And if you look at markets that were primarily 1b, where the profile of Viekira was more comparable to the competitive offerings, we typically get shares in the 30% range, the 30% to 40% range. Now having said that, I will also tell you that we are seeing price come down outside the U.S. And so we're going to have to be able to – if we get share gains, which we probably will, some of that will obviously be used to offset price impact that we see in those markets. Within the U.S. market, it's a different type of market. As you know, on the commercial side of the business, much of that is under contract with the market leader on exclusive contracts. So we don't see a significant opportunity for that in 2017 and probably certainly even halfway through 2018. So we don't view that as a short-term opportunity. So a significant part of our strategy will focus early on in the U. S. in the public channels, because those will become available more rapidly. And so our go-to-market strategy will be one that's focused initially in that particular area where we think there is the greatest opportunity to be able to have an impact. Now HCV is an unusual market, in that, within the U.S., if you look at the public channels versus the commercial channels and you look at currently those patients that are available for treatment that haven't been treated already, it's roughly 70%-30%. About 70% of the patients are in this public channel, Medicare, Medicaid, VA, et cetera, and 30% are in the commercial channels. And so it's a significant opportunity. And it's the part of the market that's still growing, where the commercial channel tends to be flat to declining from a patient volume standpoint. So once we get approval, that will be the area of focus within the U.S. But as Bill said in his comments, we don't view this asset as having much of an impact in 2017. It will have a more material impact in 2018 and 2019.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. Well, I mean I think for our modeling purposes, during the acquisition we used pricing that was typical of a proprietary oncology agent. I don't believe there's anything in our data that has changed our mind around that. Certainly, what's going to be the most important thing is the data that we see come out of the trials and that will dictate I think the adoption of the agent to a much greater extent than the pricing. This is a pretty devastating disease, where there really aren't many options for these patients. And if Rova-T shows what we think it will show, I think this will be an excellent opportunity to be able to provide those patients with a therapy that isn't available today that gives them an opportunity to have a significant clinical improvement. And I think that will drive the adoption more than the price point.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So, Chris, this is Rick. On the formulary front, you are correct. We obviously negotiated a number of contracts that were both 2017 and 2018. We never disclose, nor would we disclose, what percentage of the contracting falls into that category. But we are now in active negotiations for the remaining contracts in 2018. And I would tell you nothing is fundamentally changed as it relates to the access that we have assumed or the pricing of the asset or any of the aspects from a standpoint of managed care contracting. So you shouldn't assume any significant difference in any of our activities as it relates to formulary access or the structure of that access as well. As far as EU biosimilars, we obviously track it carefully. I wouldn't say it's my view that there's been a dramatic change in either REMICADE or ENBREL. The pricing has continued in the range that we've talked about in the past. If you look at their overall market share position, it obviously varies by country. And there are some countries where they have heavy penetration. But overall, the REMICADE biosimilar, the last data I looked at, a few weeks ago, would suggest that they have about 6% market share, and the ENBREL biosimilar, something less than 4%, 3.5%, 3.6%, something like that, was the last data I saw. If you look at it versus the brand, they're still in an area that's relatively modest. And the price erosion is pretty consistent with what we've expected, where you see in these tender countries, obviously, very high discounting, and, obviously, in some cases, a significant conversion to the biosimilar. The Nordics are a good example of that. But when you look at many of the major European countries, they have relatively modest up-take, and they have pricing in that 35% kind of range from a discounting standpoint. So I think it's relatively consistent with what we've seen and what we've been modeling for quite some time. And so it gives us continued confidence that our strategy, when that occurs, is one that should be highly effective.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. This is Rick. Obviously, we haven't in the last year or so, talked much about the litigation strategy, for obvious reasons. We're in active litigation right now. I would tell you nothing has changed in the way of our assumptions around timing, but I probably won't comment much further than that, but I would tell you there's not any concern around a change in significant timing around the litigation timelines. As far as contracting is concerned, it's consistent with what I said to you a few moments ago. We don't see any significant change in the contacting strategy. And that would include what is common in this industry around price protection, which has some impact around your pricing. Having said that, I would say, as we did this year, we're going to be careful and conservative as we think about price going forward. And certainly, as we've looked at our longer range plan, historically, that's how we operated, but I'd say even in this last cycle, we have been even a little more conservative than we have been in the past because this has become such a heated topic in the U.S. But it's not a function of any things related to the contracting strategy. It's more a function of how we're trying to operate the business overall.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. This is Rick. I'll answer your second question. Yes, I've been the only CEO of AbbVie, but AbbVie is only 4.5 years old. So, I guess, that's not too unusual. In fact, I'd say, if there were more than one, that probably would be a sign of something different, right? But on a more serious note, I think as you look at succession planning, it's obviously a critical issue for a company of this size. We have a very good, high-quality board of seasoned executives at the board level. We take succession planning very seriously. I'd say we view it as an active process that we continue to work on. But certainly once a year at a particular board meeting, we dedicate a significant amount of time to succession planning. We have a succession plan in place for the company, as most companies of our size would have, that's a planned structure of both internal candidates that we have and the development of those internal candidates. Obviously, there are always opportunities to go outside if the board were to choose that. We obviously also have an emergency succession plan, if something were to happen that would require that. And we have identified individuals that we fundamentally believe would be appropriate for that. So I can tell you, the board takes it seriously. It is an active process that we use. And I think I won't speak for the board. But as Chairman of the Board, I would tell you it's a process that I feel very comfortable with. And I believe it's very appropriate for a company of our size.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Well, as you pointed out, we have a number of launches, not just next year, but over the next several years. And it's really the evolution of our pipeline playing out. When we launched the company, we put major emphasis around building a pipeline that could sustain long-term top-tier growth and we've been working diligently to get that done. And I think you're starting to see now the evolution of that reach a point where we'll be launching a number of these products over time. I'd say as I look at our commercial organization, I think we have an outstanding commercial organization. And they've been preparing for many of these launches now for several years. We obviously do it in phases. You'll start to see us increase investment in certain areas to prepare for those launches. And I feel good about how we'll enter the marketplace with a number of these new drugs and the impact that we can have. As far as deals are concerned, what drives our deal decision-making is really built around the strategy for the business. Within each one of the verticals, we have a strategic set of objectives that we're trying to accomplish. And we basically apply our deal focus and our BD activity against that strategy. And so as I said earlier, we've obviously added a number of large platform plays to the business to build-out our oncology franchise, which was an important part of our strategy going forward for the business was to build another major growth platform in oncology. And I think as I look at IMBRUVICA and I look at the Pharmacyclics acquisition and I reflect on what we thought at the time we did it and I look at where we are now, I can tell you I'm very happy with how that has played out. I mentioned some of the numbers that we talked about a moment ago about the kind of penetration rates that we're getting with IMBRUVICA. If you look at second-line-plus, so second, third-line and beyond, IMBRUVICA has achieved one of the objectives that we had was to get to 65% market share across the vast majority of those indications. And we're at or above in second-line-plus. In first-line, now, we're focusing a lot of attention in growing our position there. And you're seeing in CLL, we're ramping very rapidly in that area. We'll get some additional approvals, we believe, that will allow us to grow first-line across a number of other tumor types. And then, as you see the NHL line of indication start to play out, we've dedicated a sales force to that, because we believe going forward, that will be another significant growth driver for us. As we track towards what the overall objective was, which was greater than $7 billion of revenue to AbbVie, we're right on that trajectory and $5 billion by 2020. So I think it played out the way we hoped and expected it should play out. We constantly look at deals. Henry's team is doing a great job. I can't say that there's a lot out there that either fits what our strategic objectives are or has a value proposition at this point that is something that we are comfortable with from a return standpoint. And that really is what's been driving the lack of activity versus any strategic intent not to go forward on transactions. But as I said, we're primarily focused now more on individual kinds of assets that can fill out our portfolio. But they have to be things that we're comfortable with, from the standpoint of the potential for the asset, the probability that the mechanism will work, and then obviously, the value proposition that we'd have to pay for. If it's something that we can't get the return, then it's not something we're going to pursue.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Sure. Obviously, we look at all different kinds of things, but what I would tell you is if you look at our growth – certainly, if you look at our growth over the last several years, and if you look at our going forward projections for growth across our long-range plan, this is a company that has performed extremely well, and we expect it to continue to perform well. Concentration was something that we had looked at as part of our overall pipeline strategy. We will fundamentally deconcentrate the business as we add more products, more pipeline assets and grow those assets to a sizable level. And you can start to see some of that with IMBRUVICA. IMBRUVICA is obviously contributing significant growth and will continue to contribute significant growth. As some of the additional oncology and other assets move into the phase where they're launched and starting to have a significant impact, you'll see further deconcentration. Now, one of the challenges has obviously been – it's a good challenge to have. We continue to grow HUMIRA at a very robust rate. And we're certainly not going to do anything to slow the growth down to deconcentrate. But that's not a bad problem. That's a good problem. And I think as we look at our strategy going forward of how we'll defend HUMIRA in a biosimilar world, we feel very comfortable with what that looks like and our ability to be able to do that. So I would tell you big M&A is not something that we are considering. And that's not to say it would never ever happen, because you never know in this world, but the reality is that is not fundamental to our strategy. Our strategy was always built around building out a strong pipeline around the verticals that we operate in and being able to drive to significant market share within those areas. As it relates to infrastructure on women's health, as you probably know, we currently sell as one of the indications for LUPRON, it has an endometriosis claim. Now, LUPRON is certainly not the ideal agent for this particular disease, because, obviously, it shuts down that access (67:15) completely and has all of the side effects that are associated with doing that, like bone loss and hot flash. So we have, I'd say, a modest-size sales organization, because it's really scaled to the opportunity that exists there. But, as I mentioned a moment ago, one of the things that I think we're very good at is planning out launches. So as we submit elagolix, there's a plan in place today to start to build-out the infrastructure that will be necessary to give the appropriate level of coverage. I can tell you elagolix is an asset that we are very excited about in endometriosis. We think it has a very good profile. And this is a disease that ultimately has significant consequences for the patients who have this. Opioid use, as an example, is significant within this population, which gives you some idea of how severe the pain is and difficult the pain is to manage. And so I think this will be an important drug for women who have endometriosis. And we'll obviously scale the organization appropriately to be able to deal with that. On the AndroGel case, yes, I would say it was a surprising verdict, from the standpoint that there was this punitive damages aspect to it, without really awarding any damages to the individual. From a legal standpoint, I think that's not only unusual, it's probably going to be a difficult situation to sustain over the longer term, but we need to work through that. I think the important part is on the other claims, obviously, the jury found in our favor. And I think that bodes well. We have a number of these cases, so we need to see how the other ones play out, but I'd say there's no fundamental change in the way we view the liability of this based on this single case.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, and this is Rick. On the second question, the biosimilar question. Obviously, we are monitoring both the international activity here and the U.S. activity, not just in our particular categories, but in other categories as we look at biosimilars and how it plays out over time. I would tell you, frankly, I was a bit surprised, the market reaction about the 35%. If you look at all of the metrics in Europe, this is well within the range of what you would expect. I think it would be odd to think that a biosimilar could get much uptake in the marketplace with discounts that were significantly below this, because, remember, obviously, there are discounts applied to these products as part of either rebate structures or other discounts associated with them. So it's going to require a discount in this range to have any way to be able to compete. So I wouldn't say that discount is a surprise to me at all.
