Rick Gonzalez: Yes. Steve, this is Rick. So, I’ll cover one and three, and then Mike can cover number two. So, first of all, if you look at HUMIRA, obviously, we continue to see strong growth in the U.S.; we’re continuing to see the biosimilar effect play out. We've assumed within our planning period of 2019 that we’ll see some continued erosion from a price standpoint across the time period that is greater than what we currently have -- is currently in place. So, obviously, we’ll have to see how that plays out. In the end, if we look at the long-term targets that we put in place, we still feel confident in the overall long-term targets. Whether or not one product is slightly different than another, I mean we'll see how that plays out, but we obviously feel confident in what we have committed to and we maintain that commitment. As far as the appetite for a big deal, I can tell you that is not something that we are contemplating.
Rick Gonzalez: So, Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover number two. We did announce a change in our organizational structure at the executive level. The purpose of that change -- and we've operated now for six years with a fairly a broad management structure reporting to me, and the purpose of the change really was to narrow the focus of the direct reports that I had that ultimately would allow us to focus and execute even at a higher level around where our strategy is going forward. In addition, we have a very talented executive leadership team and we wanted to get those people some additional experience in other areas, and this will allow us to be able to do that. I've heard all the rumors about potentially me retiring. I can tell you they are not true. As many of you probably know, I retired once. And I can tell you, I'm heck of a lot better running AbbVie than I was at retirement. So, hopefully that clarifies it.
Rick Gonzalez: So, this is Rick. I will cover those first two. So, there are still some countries where obviously, it is still evolving. The southern European countries are probably the most significant, and to some extent in Germany. I’d say, we haven't seen a lot of movement in price over the last 60 days or so. But, we are anticipating -- and as I said, we built into our forecast some incremental decline in price, just to make sure that we felt comfortable with where it potentially could go. As far as other countries in 2020, the majority of the volume doesn't come under additional biosimilar exposure in 2020. The more significant countries are in 2021. So, there is some, but the majority of it occurs in 2021, not in 20. As far as what you described as contracting dynamics, I think if you talk about our go-to-market strategy for these products, we’re not in a position, nor from a competitive standpoint do I think we would want to talk about at this point what our go-to-market strategy is. But, I think in general, the way you can think about these assets and then certainly the way we're thinking about it is, now that we’ve produced the data on upa and risa across the broad range of indications, it is validated for us that these assets ultimately are superior to what’s out there today. And clearly, as I indicated, we now have enough data across a broad range of clinical trials and across a broad range of patient population from naïve patients to TNF inadequate responding patients that we know these assets will ultimately be able to deliver significantly superior results to both HUMIRA as well as other assets that are out there, other medicines that are out there. And therefore, the logical strategy with these assets is to position them to be lead products in the marketplace. We would obviously put a contracting strategy in place that will be consistent with that approach, and obviously we will find those launches in a way to be able to drive that approach in the marketplace, both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. And we expect the uptake to be consistent with the profile of those assets.
Rick Gonzalez: So, I'll cover most of those questions, and Bill can fill in if anything that I haven't covered. So, let me start with what you described as the guidance. And let me go through the history of the guidance because I think it is important to lay out. We came out with the original guidance back in 2015, and that was based on what we saw out in the marketplace primarily at the time REMICADE and then followed it with ENBREL. And we updated it I think in 2017, specifically what we thought. And then from that point forward, we said we needed [ph] to see what it would look like going forward. On the third quarter call, what we -- we were only, to my best of my recollection, three weeks into biosimilars. Right? And we made it fairly clear, and I think if you go back and if you read this transcript, it's fairly clear that what we were giving the market was a snapshot of what we saw at that time. And in fact, I think I said at the time, you should not assume this is guidance, it's likely to get worse. So, hopefully, we were clear at that point. As far as specifically to your question, as I indicated, we have built in further erosion that we haven't seen yet. So, in the number that Bill described, the 30% to 31%, which is roughly 5 points above where it was before, that has some assumed erosion that has not occurred. And look, what we're giving you is our best estimate of what will happen. Obviously, this is driven by -- not us, it’s driven by competitors and their behavior. And so, ultimately, it's not like we have a crystal ball that we can predict exactly what they do. What I can tell you is this. We have a high level of confidence in delivering the bottom line performance that we described to the market, and we have enough ability to be able to do that and we have a high level of confidence in double-digit EPS. So, that's what you should rely upon. Whether or not things move around a little bit? They could. But to the best of our ability, we are forecasting what we believe. And I think I'd say, it's a reasonably high probability that those numbers should be accurate. As far as spending in infrastructure, I mean obviously, as we look at what's going on in these various markets, just like we do with any product that experiences an LOE, reflects as quickly as possible the spending around those products to be reflective of what's appropriate in that particular market in those circumstances. And we’re certainly doing that with you HUMIRA right now in the international markets. But, obviously, one of the things that's important to remember here is, we're going to launch -- or really either just launched or will launch over the course of the next 12 months, four major products that have multibillion-dollar potential. If you think about VENCLEXTA, it's in its very early stages now; it's just received the broad label in CLL and in AML. So, it's essentially a relatively small product that’s now growing rapidly. ORILISSA, we just launched that product. We’re going to launch upadacitinib; we’re going to launch risankizumab. These are all multibillion-dollar assets. We’re going to fund those to the extent that is appropriate to drive the potential because that is ultimately what will offset and absorb the biosimilar impact. And so, that's the strategy that we’ll drive.
Rick Gonzalez: And the only other thing I would add is, I think it’s important to keep in perspective how this business is performing. You have a business here that for six years has delivered top-tier performance. Last year, we grew the bottom line 41% with the top line 15%. If you look at 2019 and you look at that guidance range at the midpoint being 10%, you back out the share repurchase, which is about 3 or 4 points of it, it says that the underlying business, despite taking almost $2.5 billion hit, is growing at 6% or 7% from an EPS standpoint. If you adjusted for the $2.5 billion, the bottom line is growing at 23%. There aren’t many businesses around here that have that kind of performance. Top line is same thing. If I adjust the top line, which is roughly 1%, if I adjust it for the $2.5 billion, the rest of the business is growing high-single-digits. And so, you certainly want to make sure that you're in a position that you can continue to drive this business in a way that it can continue to perform because that is ultimately the way you’re going to absorb biosimilars. And I would tell you that despite the fact that these biosimilars have priced more aggressively than we thought or the analogs would have suggested, the business is absorbing them effectively, and that's what the strategy was designed to do.
Rick Gonzalez: I think if you look at pricing, we have now -- we were one of the companies that made a commitment that we're going to do one price increase per year, a couple of years ago, and it would be below double digits. And we've obviously honored that going forward. So, we've done the price increase for this year. You saw that it was lower, 6.2% roughly. And so, I think you know what the pricing will be in 2019 because we have no intention of doing another price increase in 2019. I think, if you look overall, yes, the industry has adjusted to some extent I believe to the environment as it relates to pricing. Our business is not a business that is driven to any great extent by pricing. We’re fortunate that we have innovative products, and volume is the vast majority of it, though I mean you're probably talking -- 2019, you're probably talking overall negative price.
Rick Gonzalez: Yes. So, it’s not heavily reliant upon price, nor last year was it heavily reliant upon price. So, I think we're comfortable with where we are from a pricing standpoint. We don’t see any exposure related to that. As far as, upa and risa, obviously, we will want to get these products on formulary as broadly and as quickly as possible. I would say, that's an area that we have a team that is good at doing that, effective at doing that. And so, obviously, based on the fact that we assume risa is going to be approved here in the not too distant future, we have to be in a position we are in discussions, nothing that we update you here on. But, I would say the operating assumption that is probably a good assumption is that we will end up with broad coverage of these assets. As far as the ramp is concerned, I think I understood your question, and I'm going to answer it in the backdrop of what I thought you asked. What I thought you asked is how would I compare these to prior competitive launches? And I can tell you that we would expect, like other launches that will take a little bit of time in order to ramp. But, I'd say also, with our expertise in this area and the portfolio of assets that we have and the profile of these particular drugs from a clinical standpoint, I would expect that these assets will be able to drive significant share over time, and a significant capture of new patients and switching patients. And that will certainly be the strategy we have in place to drive a significant part of those available patients to these better assets.
Rick Gonzalez: So, I think, I would see that you have gotten the vast majority of the impact from a price erosion standpoint in 2019. But, remember what I described before. We have factored into our plan further erosion as you go throughout. So, there’ll be some annualization impact that you would obviously see in 2020, if that is going to play out the way that we have planned for. And then, you will have some countries that will go biosimilar in ‘21; they have not gone biosimilar today. And then, we obviously have some impact, although I would say most of those countries, it should be a lower impact, but we’re going to have to see how that sorts itself out. So, certainly, I don't think you will see a step down that’s as significant as we’ve seen in the first year because there have been very aggressive pricings in certain countries. And so, we’ll obviously get to the point at which the biosimilar players have gotten to what they believe is the floor where they want to operate. And so, I think you should see it moderate, I guess, is the best way to describe it. As far as capital allocation versus share repo, I’d say, if you look at how we’ve operated this business since day one, we’ve obviously been very vocal about how we view the business and what our mission and what our vision is for the business; and that is to drive long-term, sustainable top-tier performance. And in order to do that, you have to invest in the business appropriately. We have obviously invested significantly in R&D. Since we launched the Company, we grew significantly. We've obviously been very active from a BD standpoint. At the same time, we have a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow, and we generated enough cash flow that we had opportunities to be able to also do share repurchase and other methods of being able to returning capital to shareholders, such as the growing dividend. And so, we try to balance those things in a way that is appropriate but never to not strategically invest in the business. That’s always our first priority. If you look at the share repo that we’ve done in 2018, as an example, I think the thing you have to remember, and the numbers I quoted a minute ago I think are reflective of that. Share repo is driving some of the EPS growth, if you look at the midpoint. But, it’s relatively modest, 3 to 4 percentage of that. And it wasn’t driven for the purpose of doing that. Ultimately, we did the share repo and we announced it, I believe, in that first quarter call that we were going to do a significant amount of share repo because of tax reform, and we thought that was fundamentally important to be able return cash and capital back to shareholders. And so, we did it long before we ever knew what the biosimilar pricing would be. So, it wasn’t driven for the purpose of driving the short-term versus the long-term. Having said all that, we continue to be active and looking at opportunities there are out there. We have a very active business development group. We look at things that are small, things that are medium, things that are large, and we certainly have the wherewithal to be able to do things, if we could find something that strategically fit and we could get a good return on that, I can tell you we would act and we would act swiftly in order to do that. I think you’ve seen us do that before. If we could find another IMBRUVICA or we could find another risankizumab out there, I can tell you we would aggressively pursue that. And so, we fundamentally have a pipeline that we believe has the ability to do what we strategically intended it to do, and that is to absorb the impact of biosimilars. Our focus is to ramp that pipeline as rapidly as we possibly can and make sure we're in a position to be able to continue to drive strong growth in the business.
Michael Severino: Okay. So, this is Mike. I'll take number two. With respect to upa and the potential for an AdCom, I think it's important to keep in mind that we’re in very-early stages of a regulatory review. But, if you look at the practice of this review division, it's common for filings like this for new molecular entities in RA to go to an AdCom. So, it's certainly possible article. But, we’ll have a much better idea once we’re further along in the review process.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. With respect to veliparib data, so, we announced those topline results when we had them. We’re committed to publishing all results and making the data available. I don’t have a specific meeting or a specific timeframe to point to here on the call today. But, we will be making those data publicly available.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I’ll take that. With respect to our hem-onc franchise, both IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA are performing very well, both from a data perspective and from their trajectories in the marketplace. One of the things that I think is particularly attractive about those two, with respect to our franchise, is that they cover a broad range of hem malignancies. They work well together in areas like CLL and mantle cell lymphoma, MCL, and they also have some unique areas, for example, like venetoclax in AML. So, that’s going to be an important area for us going forward. It’s now annualizing over $4 billion; it’s growing at a robust rate. So, I think, you can expect to see us continue to work in this area. We’re going to look at how we not only continue to develop those mechanisms in areas like multiple myeloma for VENCLEXTA, but also how from our earlier pipeline we can add additional mechanism, so that will further strengthen our position in hem-onc. And there are lot of things in our early, now approaching mid-stage pipeline work in apoptosis and other areas that could apply there. And of course, we’re looking more broadly than that. You’ve seen us do early stage deals, but early stage deals that give us access to interesting technologies. We have some very early plays that could be in toward cellular therapies and to other mechanisms that could further develop that franchise.
Bill Chase: Hi, Andrew. I’ll start with your first question. It’s Bill Chase. Our guidance around HUMIRA for 2019 is in the U.S. strong growth, 7% is what we are recommending to model. Outside of the U.S., obviously with the advent of biosimilars, we are forecasting a decline, and currently we view that as about 30% on an operational basis.
Bill Chase: Yes. The only thing I’d also add is as you look at the 50%, look, the big part of the story from here on out is going to be obviously P&L leverage, given robust sales that we’re expecting once these new products get up to into their ramp. So, 2020 should be a sales expansion year. But, even then, we’re always going to be thoughtful about how we deploy our resources. If you look at this year, on a operational sales increase of 1%, we’re still delivering 200 basis points of op margin progress. So, I think that's pretty good. And we are appropriately funding those new product launches. The only way you can do that is being thoughtful about your overall book of SG&A and do some prudent reallocation. And obviously, you could infer to that happening in the numbers this year. So, look, we’re always going to be thoughtful on spend. But, the real way to get an improved op margin is going to be through sales leverage, P&L leverage. And we are going to remain focused on making sure that we appropriately fund new opportunities.
Bill Chase: Yes, sure. So, if you look at U.S. HUMIRA, we're guiding 7% in 2019. That's coming off of a number in ‘18 of 10%, and with, as I thank you pointed out, a lighter price increase on the years. So, if you really factor out the change in pricing year-over-year, you'll see that the business is still performing very, very well; volumes are still pretty much pegged right where they have been historically. You got the law of large numbers here a little bit. But, I wouldn't read much into underlying dynamics on HUMIRA other than continued strong performance in the U.S.
