Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that some statements made today are or may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is included in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Thanks, John. Obviously we're cognizant that there are a number of peer companies reporting today, so we've got time for just one more question. Operator, we'll take the last question.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Hi, Jami, yes. Well, first thanks for the question. Maybe let me come at it from a broader perspective first, and then I'll specifically talk about how we think about it as it relates to Humira and AbbVie. If you listen to the framework of tax reform that came out yesterday, I'd say generally speaking, I find that incredibly encouraging for companies like ours, U.S.-based companies. It certainly would put us in a position where we'd be far more competitive to our foreign competitors, which make up a significant part of our peer competitive company base and it would certainly give us a lot more encouragement to invest in the U.S. and create U.S. jobs. So I find the discussion encouraging and I think it would be extremely beneficial for companies, certainly our industry and across other industries. Specifically as it relates to AbbVie, I'd say first I've read your report. I thought it was extremely well done and I'll tell you that I agree wholeheartedly with the thesis that you laid out in the report. And as you point out, we have a business that generates tremendous cash flow, and we anticipate that that cash flow is sustainable over the long term. That cash flow certainly, as it is generated, far outweighs what we would envision as what is required for us to reinvest back in the business. We're certainly going to reinvest back in the business, as we have historically, but I'd say as we project forward, we would be building cash offshore. And so, certainly it is in excess of what we would anticipate we would need for strategic reinvestment back in the business. I'd also say that as you point out in your report, we're significantly undervalued. We're undervalued from the standpoint of Humira and the benefit that it drives in the business, and certainly that's driven by the concentration that we have in Humira, and oddly enough, as we continue to drive Humira and show the success with it, I think that increases that pressure. Secondly, I'd say we're tremendously undervalued as you look at the pipeline that we have. As I mentioned in my comments, you're going to see a dozen pivotal trial results that are going to read out over the course of 2017. There aren't many companies in our industry that have those kind of catalysts going forward. And so as we look at it, if we were to get tax reform where we could get better access or more cost-effective access to our offshore cash, we're certainly going to be looking at ways to be able to appropriately deploy that cash. Dividend has always been important for us, and I can tell you we're committed to a growing dividend. The idea of a special dividend, I think, is a very unique idea and one that I think has strong merit. Certainly share buyback is another way to do that, but returning cash to shareholders to reward them for the tremendous success that Humira has had and will continue to have going forward is a high priority for us. So I'm encouraged, I hope we can move tax reform going forward in 2017 or early 2018, and once there is clarity around that, then we'll be looking at what is the appropriate approach to make sure that investors are rewarded for the benefit of the cash flow that Humira is going to generate.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Well, as far as debt is concerned, I'd say it is not our intent to significantly pay down debt in the current environment. In the event that interest wasn't deductible, then I'd say that priority obviously would change going forward, but I'd say that's not a high priority for us. We believe we'll grow into the appropriate ratios; our credit rating is obviously important to us, and – but when you look at the growth of our business, we clearly think we can grow into that. As far as bolt-on acquisitions, what really we focus on is, we have a strategic roadmap of how we're trying to operate within the franchises. For the most part, I'd say we have the major platforms that we need. So we don't envision the need for large platforms. We did that work with both Pharmacyclics and with Stemcentrx, and we think we're well-positioned for that. There are certainly additional assets that we'd look for, but I'd say they look more like the BI kind of transaction or individual kinds of products or smaller groups of products would be a higher priority for us going forward. And so, as I said, I think there'll be significant excess cash that will build up over time, and I would say returning that cash to shareholders in some appropriate way will be a high priority for us.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Jeff, this is Rick. On the IPR, as we've said in previous calls, I mean we're in active litigation now, so we're not going to talk a lot about specifics around this. What I would say to you is, if you look at our level of confidence in what we've described to the market about our ability to protect Humira, it remains the same. And that confidence was built around a large portfolio of IP, it was never contingent upon any one set of IP or any single set of patents or individual patents. We have a large portfolio of formulation patents that have come under challenge and have been successful and successfully navigated through those challenges. We have now the beginning of these dosing patents, we have a large portfolio of dosing patents. We have dosing patents beyond '135 in RA, so beyond the ones being challenged. And so I'd say our level of confidence in the outcome, the overall outcome that we anticipated remains the same, and it remains high. Having said that, if I look at the pure statistics around IPR decisions, I would say the statistics are against you, right? More times than not, they're not upheld at an individual level. So – and I'm not going to speculate on what we think is going to happen in this one, we're going to get that answer fairly soon. I'm sure that if it's a positive reaction, we'll get a positive result, and it's not going to – if it's a negative reaction, we'll get a negative result. I think investors, what they need to focus on is the longer-term perspective, and I think what we have described to the market has played out consistently with what we described, both from a litigation timeframe standpoint and the broadness of our IP. And whoever – whatever biosimilars want to enter this market, they're going to have to navigate their way through that IP. And I still feel as confident as I did when we communicated that to you back in 2015.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. I mean, as far as the TNF market dynamics, they're obviously being affected by two major factors. One is what we've discussed in I guess the last two calls now, the impact that is happening as it relates to Enbrel in the marketplace. And then the second is really an IMS reporting issue, where IMS, a fairly significant account had blinded their data back in the summer of last year I believe. It is an account that we have very high share in, so we're over-indexed in that particular account. And although we're trying to make adjustments, or they're trying to make adjustments to the data, it obviously is depressing both the category and depressing what IMS reports as it relates to Humira. And so, that's just an anomaly in the data. It's going to correct itself as we lap it, and I think actually IMS is going to try to correct it at some point here going forward. They are publishing some correction factors now, and we obviously do the correction internally, because we have our own data that we know what is represented in this particular account, so we can add back that data into the overall market. And I'd say generally speaking, Humira continues to perform just like it has historically. In fact, if you look at – it's interesting, if you look at the last nine quarters in the U.S., I think on average, those nine quarters, we've delivered 22.4%. So Q1 is not any kind of an anomaly. It's right in line with what we would've expected. The majority of that growth is volume driven. You have to remember that in our case, as we look at the market from a quarter standpoint, we know exactly the units that we've shipped, we obviously know exactly the revenue that we've generated. We have very high specificity around what the inventory levels are in the wholesaler channel, and we obviously know what the calculations are for price. So we can dissect this performance very accurately, and I'd tell you that Humira continues to perform extremely well. Overall market share in Q1 is stable, I'd say slightly down in psoriasis, just down a tiny bit, and slightly up in RA. So those two are netting themselves out with stable market share. One of things that we look at very carefully is the capture rate of new patients, and that is stable to slightly up. And then obviously if you look at the performance of the brand in the U.S., and it's tremendous. So, I think we're still very, very comfortable with how the U.S. is performing, and we expect that performance to continue going forward, despite the fact that we are seeing new entrants into the marketplace. Internationally, we continue to perform as we have last year. I'd say first quarter looks a lot like last year. If you look at our overall revenue growth it's 4.5%, 4.6%. If you adjust for Venezuela, you're talking about high-single-digit volume growth. And you have to remember, that's despite the fact that there have been biosimilars now in the marketplace, indirect biosimilars in the marketplace, for an extended period of time. Remicade biosimilars have been in for a long time, and now Enbrel biosimilars have been in the market for a substantial period of time as well. So that gives you some idea of how we're competing in that indirect market, but I'd say we're pleased with what we see in that marketplace going forward. It's tracking as we'd anticipated. As far as contracting, I don't believe we have actually ever communicated what the split is between those that are 2017 and 2018 contracts. But I'd say, generally speaking we feel good about our contract position going forward into 2018. So I don't anticipate any change in our position as it relates to our formulary positions in the United States in 2018.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. So, Gregg, this is Rick. I'll take the first one, Mike will cover TRINITY, and Bill can cover the gross margin question. So on NASH, I mean certainly as you look at the prevalence of NASH, you look at the implications of it, this is a disease that certainly, if you could find the right therapy would be a significant opportunity. Again, it will be a market development kind of opportunity. Many of those patients are – the earlier stage patients are certainly in GPs and in internal medicine right now, with elevated LFTs as their only real symptom. So it would require some fairly significant market development work. I think if you found the right drug with the right profile, it's clearly a significant opportunity. It's one of the things that's on our target list. As I said, what we do from a business development or a licensing acquisition standpoint is we have a strategic roadmap within each franchise of what we're looking for. I can tell you NASH is on that roadmap. We haven't – we obviously have not found anything yet that has met the criteria that we're looking for, that gives us enough confidence for us to pursue an asset. We've looked at a number of different things, and we'll continue to look. We have some internal efforts at an early discovery level looking at some different mechanisms as well. But those are fairly early on. So, yeah, it's a nice opportunity for the right kind of drug, if we can find that drug with that profile.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. On your Imbruvica question, David, maybe we'll – Mike and I will sort of try to cover the question. Let me just talk about the opportunity first, and then Mike can talk about the timing of the readouts. So I'd say before you jump into new indications, one of the things I think to think through is, a big part of our strategy with Imbruvica, and with the Pharmacyclics acquisition when we talked about it, was the need to be able to move up in the first line, and CLL all by itself is a very, very large indication. And the reason that is so important is because, remember the duration of treatment on Imbruvica is much longer than other therapies now. And the fundamental benefit that patients get from a PFS and an OS standpoint is driven by those patients staying on therapy for long periods of time. And so, as you move in the front-line, you get your greatest benefit for the patient by doing that, and obviously you get your greatest benefit from a business standpoint by moving up into those first-line patients. So even within the indications we're in today, driving towards first line, CLL is a very big opportunity, but the other indications moving into first line is a critical priority. Now, having said that – and I'd say the bulk of our LRP is driven off of that – having said that though, I'd say then if you look at two – three other large categories, they have different risks associated with them from a probability of success. But NHL, I'd say we have a significant amount of data, but NHL as a category is a very significant opportunity for us, and Mike can talk about the different trials that are in that particular area to support our efforts there. Relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients I think is another significant opportunity for us, just because of the size of that patient population. And those will all play out over the course of this LRP from the standpoint of timing of those trials and readouts of those trials and potential regulatory approvals in those areas. And then I'd say a very high risk, but obviously high reward if it were to play out, is the pancreatic study. That is one that we've heavily risk-adjusted, and so it's not something that we're counting on, certainly isn't something that investors should be counting on at this point. But if it were to play out in a positive way, obviously that would be a very big opportunity. So those, as we look forward, I think are the most significant opportunities to describe.
Richard A. Gonzalez: And then, as it relates to the new formulation, we have rolled out a new formulation outside the U.S. in a number of countries. We essentially have a country-by-country framework that we've laid out, of rolling that out. With a brand of the magnitude of Humira, obviously, we're being careful about how we roll that out to make sure there's no market disruptions. And in fact, because it is a new formulation, we have to change the footprint of our manufacturing to be able to deal with it, because it's a different manufacturing process for the API. And so we have to basically – it's like changing the engine on a 747 while you're still flying at 40,000 feet. We're being careful about how we're doing that, as we flex the manufacturing capacity that we have to make the shift over. And so over time we would anticipate that that formulation will be in all the major markets around the world, but it will take some time in order for that to happen. Your question on DTC, I'm not sure I quite understand. I mean, we obviously have an active DTC campaign now for Humira. We wouldn't anticipate a change in that as it relates to the new formulation, if that's what you were referring to. It's not that kind of a strategy that we've built here, although there is a benefit for patients from the standpoint of pain upon injection, but that's not part of the strategy that we built in place. And then as it relates to the launches of Roche and Lilly, I think every single market has a different set of dynamics. I'm certainly not an expert when it comes to diabetes, so I'm not going to speculate on what the right strategy is there. I would tell you in the markets that Humira competes in, essentially we've had many competitors come at a low list-price strategy, and that hasn't necessarily been as ineffective, because you have to remember that list price in this market is not reflective of what the actual patient or the individual employer pays for the drug. And so at the end of the day, that strategy doesn't seem to work well in this market, especially in a brand like Humira that has the attributes that Humira has. It can serve broadly a significant part of the patient population, both within a category and across multiple categories. It's really the strength of this brand and the clinical efficacy and safety of this brand that has driven its performance.
Richard A. Gonzalez: I don't believe so, but regardless of whether we could or we couldn't, it's not our strategy to do that.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So maybe I'll cover the second question first. Because I'd say the trend outside the U.S. on biosimilars is very similar to what we've seen, relatively low overall market share, discounting that's within the range of what we predicted historically or slightly lower – slightly less discounting than what we had predicted. And so we've essentially seen the indirect competition pretty much stabilize out in these marketplaces. There has been some impact on price in certain markets outside the U.S., but that has pretty much played through at this point. And so I don't expect any significant changes in the activity in the rest of 2017, from a biosimilars standpoint, outside of the U.S.
Michael E. Severino: Jeff, this is Mike. I'll take the first part of that question. So obviously we've been following the situation very, very closely. Of course, we don't have access to the complete response letter or knowledge of Lilly's conversation with regulators. But we do have a very clear understanding of our own program, our own data, and our own extensive conversations with regulators here in the U.S. and in major jurisdictions around the world. And based on that, we remain confident in our program and don't see any read-through from the Lilly situation. We've designed a very comprehensive and robust Phase 3 program that will thoroughly characterize the efficacy and safety profile of both of the doses of ABT-494 that are being studied in Phase 3. And we remain confident in the data that we've seen, our Phase 2 data, we're very strong not only from an efficacy, but also from a safety perspective. An important issue here is dose selection, and we designed a very robust Phase 2b program that explored a wide range of doses across different patient populations, because dose response is not necessarily the same in an earlier population or an TNF-inadequate responder population, for example. And we ran Phase 2 studies in both of those patient populations. That allowed us to select doses that we think optimize benefit/risk, and as I said, we've designed a Phase 3 program that will fully demonstrate that benefit/risk and support regulatory decisions. So our level of confidence or enthusiasm on ABT-494 remains high and hasn't changed a bit this past week.
Michael E. Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll take that question. We feel very good about the data that we've generated across the program and across genotypes. If you look at our response rates, they're very high across both the common and uncommon genotypes, and in particular in some of the most difficult to treat patient populations, like genotype 3. And so, while it's difficult to speculate about a label, we think that the evidence that we've generated strongly supports pan-genotypic use of the product. And with respect to the eight-week data, I would make similar statements. The eight-week data have been very strong across genotypes, including in very difficult to treat patients like genotype 3 patients. There, it's been studied in genotype 3 patients at eight weeks who don't have cirrhosis and are new to therapy, but that's a very, very significant portion of the market, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And our results are very strong, and again, while it's difficult to speculate about a label this early in the process, we think the data supports the use of the regimen in that manner.
Michael E. Severino: Okay, this is Mike, I'll take the question about Rova-T and TRINITY. So what we know about small cell lung cancer is that treatment options are severely limited for these patients. We know that in the front-line setting, we can drive good response rates with traditional chemotherapy, but those responses aren't durable and patients relapse. And when they relapse, they're very, very difficult to treat. Second and subsequent lines of therapy have much lower response rates and very poor durability of those responses. In the third-line setting, where we're conducting the TRINITY study, for example, one-year survival is at best 12%, and many experts would put that number lower. So what we're looking for in TRINITY is something that really changes that picture, something that shows response rates that are different from the chemotherapy options and clearly differentiated – chemotherapy drugs response rates in the teens here – and responses that have the promise of being durable, and increasing that long-term survival to the greatest extent possible. And you asked about our confidence. We remain confident in Rova-T and TRINITY. Rova-T is supported by a very, very strong package of preclinical biology and early clinical data. And this is a situation where the early clinical data are predictive of TRINITY. We're essentially looking at the same endpoints in TRINITY that we did in the early studies. So we feel good about that asset and about the overall Stemcentrx pipeline.
Michael E. Severino: Okay. This is Mike, I'll take those take questions. With respect to the risankizumab data, if we look at the Phase 2b data for risankizumab, it shows the strongest observed results in the category, which would include the IL-17s and the IL-23s. We had very high PASI 90 response numbers and very high PASI 100s, so complete clearance of skin disease in that program. And there were other features about the data that were very striking. First, we had very good durability response, and there's a very good administration, with the ability to drive quarterly administration in our Phase 3 program. So basically what we're looking for is a result in Phase 3 that is consistent with those Phase 2 data. The other thing I'd point out, with respect to other agents, is we run active comparators in our Phase 2b, now that's against Stelara not against the IL-17s, but we saw very high PASI 100 rates there. And as I pointed in out in my prepared remarks, PASI 100 was about 2.5 times higher for risankizumab as compared to Stelara in that Phase 2, and the results of PASI 90 were similar, that there were substantially higher PASI 90 response rates, about double that of Stelara. So we feel good about the competitive profile and the ability to drive that through Phase 3 and into the market. With respect to Crohn's disease, the data that we've seen are very encouraging. We're moving very fast already. So I'm not sure if the data at DDW accelerate that, but we're poised to move into Phase 3 and we feel that there's a lot of potential for this pathway in inflammatory bowel diseases as well.
Michael E. Severino: And this is Mike. So with respect to the framework that Rick laid out, we have a number of opportunities to move forward in lines of therapy. And one that we would expect to see data on later this year is mantle cell lymphoma, an aggressive form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, where we're anticipating interim data from a pivotal study in front-line, which would be an important step towards moving to front-line therapy there. In mantle cell, we also have combination work ongoing with Venclexta, and that combination has shown very strong results. And so those data would continue to mature over the course of the timeframe that you described. We're also going to see data in other forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma over the course of the next 18 or 24 months, including data in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, where we've seen good results in patients who have the ABC or activated B-cell phenotype of that disease, and also additional work in follicular lymphoma, which is the largest form of indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Outside of NHL, we're making good progress with GVHD. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have the initial submission in but we have ongoing data generation in GVHD. So all of those data will mature over the course of the timeframe that you described. And then, at the back end of that two-year period, we'll start to see more data on multiple myeloma and other opportunities as well.
Michael E. Severino: So with respect Veliparib, as we've said on other occasions, we were exploring a different hypothesis with Veliparib. We know that Veliparib – or we know that PARP inhibitors play a role in treating patients with inherited mutations in DNA repair, germline BRCA mutation and similar mutations. But we didn't view it as a substantial opportunity for a company like AbbVie to come third or fourth to market in that population. Essentially, the medical need was met for those patients. So we were testing a different hypothesis, and that hypothesis specifically was whether PARP inhibition would augment DNA-damaging chemotherapy; that the first hit, if you will, didn't have to be genetic, that it could from that DNA-damaging chemotherapy. We've now seen across a couple of studies that that hasn't played out in the way we had initially envisioned. We see that in the triple-negative breast cancer neoadjuvant study and in the squamous non-small cell lung cancer study. And so, while that's not the result we had hoped for, we knew going in that this was a higher-risk, higher-reward sort of approach, and that the evidence while reasonable, from a preclinical and early clinical perspective, isn't entirely predictive in this setting. And so we knew that it was going to take Phase 3 data to answer the question. We've seen the first two readouts, and those studies did not meet their primary endpoint. With respect to ongoing work, we have ongoing studies, some of which will read out very soon. So we can't speculate about what those results might be, but we will complete the ongoing studies and update you on the progress as soon as possible.
William J. Chase: Gregg, it's Bill. So as you brought up, obviously our gross margin was a little lighter than last year, yeah, it was down 1.4 points. If you look at the impact of partnership accounting, and just to refresh your memory on that, the profit that we transferred to J&J related to Imbruvica, and actually the profit on Venclexta as well, ultimately gets booked up in COGS. So it actually dilutes our gross margin; that had about a 70 basis point impact. And then exchange had about a 30 basis point impact, and obviously exchange rates are going to move around. So it's difficult to call how that is in the future. So, if you back those out, we're really 0.4 points below last year; that's primarily product mix, I think you can hang a lot of that on HCV. We do typically see lower gross margins in Q1 and Q4, and that's all tied to the seasonality of Synagis, which is a very, very low margin product. So that certainly played into that number as well. We feel good about our 81% forecast on the year. I would tell you, you should expect to see a number in Q2 above 81%.
William J. Chase: Hi, David, it's Bill. So, cash on hand at the end of the year was about $8.2 billion, and as you said, we don't have our 10-Q up, but obviously the number is at least $8.2 billion this quarter, and you'll see that soon. Look what I would tell you in terms of geographic distribution of cash, obviously under the current tax paradigm, there is a penalty for bringing back cash, back into the United States. So what we try to do is only bring back that cash that is needed to cover our U.S. cash needs, and that's typically things like interest, the dividend obviously, and then our U.S. operations. To bring back cash above and beyond that is fundamentally inefficient from a tax perspective, so we tend to try to keep our cash, the majority of it, offshore. In terms of our ability to borrow in the event that there was some type of repatriation, that would be a one-time event. Look, what I would tell you is first of all, as Rick said, we're incredibly encouraged that there is talk now about possibly allowing repatriation of cash in a tax efficient manner. We think that's absolutely the right thing to do, just not only for AbbVie and the industry, but the country. We would certainly hope that that is on a permanent basis as opposed to a one-time basis. In the event that it was one-time and without specific limits, we would certainly look to take advantage of that to the greatest extent that we possibly could, and I think borrowing would be in the cards, given that following the closure of that window, we would have the ability to continue to generate robust offshore cash and quickly pay down that debt. So in the event that it went that way and we were permitted to do that, that is certainly something we would look at. That said, it's a little early right now to know definitively how this is going to play out, but we remain optimistic.
William J. Chase: So, John. It's Bill. On share buyback in the quarter, we bought back $500 million of shares. When you see our 10-Q you're going to see a higher number. We were also buying at the end of the year. About $300 million carried over between the years. So in the 10-Q it'll look like $800 million, but actually this year we bought back $500 million. It's not our intent at this point to buy back significantly more. That said, as I said earlier, to the extent that we find ourselves with an excess of U.S. cash, we do from time to time deploy that in the market and buy back shares, given that we've already incurred the tax inefficiency of bringing it back home, and we did do some of that last year. So yeah, some of this will wind up looking – we'll have to look to see what our U.S. cash balance looks like as we progress through the year. But right now, I think $500 million is all we have in our current sights.
