Elizabeth Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Allergan aesthetics; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Roopal Thakkar, Senior Vice President, Development and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Medical Officer. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Rick. 
Elizabeth Shea: Thanks, Scott. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to 1 or 2. Operator, first question, please. 
Elizabeth Shea: Thanks, Carson. We are cognizant of a number of peers reporting today. And so in the interest of time, we have one last question. 
Elizabeth Shea: Thanks, [ Susan ]. And that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. 
Robert Michael: Terence, it's Rob. So on the retail inventory destocking, we do typically see this in the first quarter, so it wasn't a complete surprise. In fact, it was factored into our guidance. We did beat our guidance in immunology for the quarter. The impact was high single digits, both for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. In terms of absolute value, we're talking about around $70 million for Skyrizi and $30 million for Rinvoq. 
Robert Michael: And then Terence, this is Rob. Just to more broadly answer the question that I'm sure many investors have. If you look at the growth in the quarter, so overall, U.S. demand was up just north of 60% for Rinvoq and Skyrizi. We saw very strong performance across all approved indications, as Jeff highlighted. We did have the 2 partial offsets, one being the retail inventory destock, which I've already quantified. And then price was down high single digits and that's really driven by rebate increases, which is typical when we see the type of volume increase. And we saw Skyrizi sales up 80% last year, Rinvoq in the U.S. up 40% last year. So when you see that kind of volume growth and couple that with the number of indications we had approved, we had 5 new indications for Rinvoq and 2 for Skyrizi. So it was something we were contemplating. It was factored into our guidance, but I don't know that The Street fully appreciated that in terms of the first quarter estimates that were put out there. 
Robert Michael: And Steve, this is Rob, on your EPS range question. We've typically given a $0.20 range; this year, we gave a $0.40 range. And the key driver of that is obviously the U.S. Humira dynamics. As we see that play out, particularly in the second half, we would typically tighten that range. Now keep in mind, that $0.20 wider range represents about 1% of U.S. Humira growth. So it's not as wide as you might think. But we did widen it given the dynamics of U.S. Humira. And I think we'll be able to give you more color as we see those 7, 9 biosimilars coming in the market in the middle of the year. We'll have more clarity for you on the second quarter call. 
Robert Michael: Just to answer the question, Mohit, on the gating. Yes, I think it's safe to assume that you'll see high single-digit price in each of the quarters this year. 
Robert Michael: Carson, this is Rob. I'll answer your second question. So I wouldn't consider Imbruvica in 951 to be variables that would push the trough out. It's really more about how the overall year plays out, particularly the second half with U.S. Humira. So if U.S. Humira does better and we outperform in '23, then we could see the trough in '24. I think the important thing to keep in mind is regardless of when the trough occurs, we wouldn't expect earnings to fall below the [ 1074 ex-IPR&D ]. That's really what I would focus on, and we don't consider Imbruvica in 951 delays to be variables that would push that trough. 
Jeffrey Stewart: And it's Jeff. Just to clarify on your wholesale comment, I think, as Rob highlighted, it's in the retail. So it's in the specialty pharmacy channel. And you'll recall, as you know, there's about 18 specialty pharmacies that basically distribute the I&I products, and there are some big ones there. So it was not a wholesaler dynamic. It was a retail inventory dynamic, which, again, as these products get bigger, we do see and contemplate in our projections. 
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, Steve, it's Jeff, and thanks for the question. I'll take the co-pay one. Look, I mean, some of the peers are seeing the effects of the so-called maximizer programs or even some of the lingering accumulator programs which do sometimes as benefit designs are reset in the first quarter can apply some pressure. We don't see that. We've been managing that very tightly. And we're not seeing any significant sort of surge or creep in terms of that dynamic. The dynamic is exactly what Rob had highlighted, which is the modest price based on the number of indications and how fast the volume is moving and this destocking event that we talked through. So co-pay is very stable for AbbVie. 
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes, it's Jeff. I'll give some comment on that. I think the way that we think about our brands is the first place that we look at is how distinctive they are. I mean we've got 4 head-to-head trials with Skyrizi and another one on the way where we can clearly differentiate the product. And we have many as well on Rinvoq. So we've really thought about it from a development standpoint. And I would say the perspective is somehow there was a restructuring of the PDMs, which I don't think is imminent. And the rebate sort of approach disappeared. It disappears for everybody. I mean all of these I&I products have a fairly reasonable rebate load and there would be a different basis of competition, which we would do very, very well. So we're not concerned about sort of a fundamental structural change relative to these 2 products, which are very distinctive. If we look at your second part of your question, which is it's really the same answer, which is we don't see that there are going to be significant impacts of Humira biosimilars on the performance of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And one perspective, let's take Rinvoq is sort of a very simple way of thinking about it. It's already in the United States, a step behind TNF and it's performing at that level because you see such expansion of second and third lines in that space. And Skyrizi is very, very distinctive. So no, in the second half, we do not anticipate sort of a knock-on effect of the emergent biosimilars to our 2 core brands. 
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll take your comment on psoriasis. I think that, as I mentioned, it's -- the share is very, very impressive. So we have a 30% total market share now which is really putting significant headroom against any other drug in that category by a lot. And one way to think about it is, I think what you're asking is how much further can it run? And it can run quite a bit further. To some degree, if you think about it, so we're capturing on the dynamic share roughly 50%. So 1 out of every 2 patients. And our market share is about 30. So theoretically, over time, right, unless there's some disruption, which we don't see significant disruption in the market, your total market share is going to move towards that in-play share. Now that takes many, many years. But as we look at the fundamental momentum that we can achieve, it's still very, very significant. Add on to that, that basically, we're still in the rest of the world, starting to really see the PSA ramp. And remember, PSA has a very significant impact because it's treated by derms and it was sort of the last remaining gap that we had, so you're going to see continued momentum in the international markets and the U.S. market and we have a long way to run. And I'd be remiss if I didn't say how fast again that we're growing in both Crohn's right now and very exciting data in UC. And that market is very, very dynamic. So we feel very secure in our ability to continue to create a lot of value with Skyrizi. 
Jeffrey Stewart: Yes. It's Jeff. And I think we think that's a very good call. And just as a reminder, we're not seeing significant pricing pressure in the market. This is really two effects, which is one, the cumulative effect as we've highlighted over the suppressed market over time, which looks to be normalizing. Actually, for the first time in 3 years, we actually saw a positive growth in the market. So that's encouraging. The big driver is the share -- is the new patient share, which has been under pressure, initially under pressure by Calquence certainly from our own Venclexta and then the recent Brukinsa launch. And so when we put all of that into the calculus, we think we've got it right and it's probably unlikely that we're going to see any significant step down that would put that in jeopardy. 
Jeffrey Stewart: It's Jeff. Thank you for the question. First, these are very small indications. So to give you some sense of the relative size for Imbruvica, MCL is about 4% of the value. MDL is really less than 1% or about 1%. So we don't anticipate that those withdrawals due to the fact that we didn't get the confirmatory studies to clear, we'll have a material impact. I think it's also important to note that many physicians will continue these patients on the medication. They won't be all switched, for example, or taken off and put on another product. That's the market intelligence. There's no requirement that they need to do that for the physicians. And so net-net, this is not a really material issue given the size of those indications. And I think Roopal will address your point on follicle. 
