Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are: Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that some statements we make today are or may be considered forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie's operations is included in our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Thank, Bill. We'll now open the call for questions. Operator, we'll take the first question, please.
Elizabeth Shea - AbbVie, Inc.: Thanks, David. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Hi, Jami. This is Rick. I'll take the first question and Mike can cover the second question. Certainly, I think we view the reaction to the TRINITY data as a gross overreaction. I'll come back to that here in a moment. But ultimately, we made the decision to go forward with the Dutch auction essentially based on that gross overreaction. We fundamentally believe that the market reaction to the Rova-T data was overdone by a magnitude of 4x or 5x, and therefore, the stock is very undervalued. And when we see situations like that, we're going to take advantage of that. We think that's the appropriate thing to do. We're in the fortunate position that we generate a tremendous amount of cash flow in this business. And despite doing this, we still have all the flexibility that we need to be able to do whatever acquisitions or licensing arrangements that we'd like to do to be able to build the business. And we continue to work on various options, so we don't view this as in any way limiting our flexibility to be able to move forward and do the things that we need to be able to do. As I said, we have the flexibility to be able to do both, and we think this is an appropriate use of some of our cash flow because we think the reaction was dramatically overdone. And to that point, what I would say is if you look at our pipeline and you look at the level of performance that this company has delivered over the last several years, we've delivered top-tier performance. We've built a pipeline that is clearly capable of continuing to drive top-tier performance. Rova-T was the smallest of those assets in our late-stage pipeline. It had an immaterial impact on our overall growth rate in third-line. It was the only non-derisked asset that we had, meaning all the other assets that we have in our late-stage pipeline, we have a significant amount of Phase 3 data that supports the profile of those assets and the confidence that we have around regulatory approval of those assets. And so look, there are always bears on every stock out there. There's always people who have an interest in shorting. They've been seeing ghosts now for a number of years. And at the end of the day, I don't see the same ghosts that they see. Now, it doesn't mean that it wasn't painful to see the reaction, but our job is to continue to drive the business and to drive the level of performance, and you see that in the quarter that we're operating in. And I can tell you, we have confidence that you're going to see it going forward. And over time, markets tend to figure things out, and I think in our case, that will be the case as well. So we certainly feel good about what our prospects look like going forward.
Richard A. Gonzalez: So, Josh, this is Rick. I'll take the first question. I think Mike probably will cover two and three. So long-term sustainability of HCV, HCV is obviously a big and attractive market. MAVYRET has done extremely well. It has a profile that fits the marketplace well. I think our execution and our launch strategy has worked well, both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Although the patient volumes do vary a bit and they're not totally predictable, so you do see some fluctuation in treatment volumes around the world and within the U.S. as well, that makes it a little bit more difficult to be able to forecast and predict with a high degree of precision. But this is a market that is going to be around for a long, long time and be a very big market. And I think now, essentially you have us and one competitor who have the lion's share of this marketplace. We're obviously doing extremely well. We have leadership position in a number of markets. And where we don't have the leadership position, we're awfully close to the market leader and continuing to move in that direction. And so we view this as an attractive market, and we certainly view that we have an asset that will allow us to be able to stay highly competitive and in a leadership position going forward. And so we view it as an important market for us, and we think we have the right tools to be effective over the long term.
Richard A. Gonzalez: As far as the psoriasis trends in the IL-17s, I think the trends you're seeing on the IL-17s is similar to what we've talked about on previous calls, and that is that they tend to be relegated to second-line and beyond. So typically, after the patient fails the first-line therapy, which in most cases is HUMIRA, then they'll go on to use an agent like the IL-17s. So I haven't seen a whole lot of change in the overall market dynamics around that. Maybe another way to think about it is to more broadly look at HUMIRA, and not just the psoriasis market but overall the market. And if you look at HUMIRA, obviously it continues to perform extremely well. It performs well because it's in big markets that are growing, and obviously the asset has the profile and our execution is such that we get the vast majority of the front-line patients moving into HUMIRA and we're able to sustain those patients over time. If you look at the overall market growth rate, it's running about 10% or 11%. That varies from mid-single digits, 6%, 7% in rheumatology to high teens in derm and GI. So those are big markets that continue to grow nicely. If you look at our Rx growth, on average, it was about 9% this quarter. Again, that varies at about a little over 6% in rheum, double-digit, 10%, 11%, 12% in derm, and GI is more like 12% or 13% overall script growth rates. The important thing in this market is to capture the front-line patients and maintain those patients over time. And so if you look at every one of the sub-categories for HUMIRA, essentially RA, SPA, PSA, AS, psoriasis, Crohn's, and UC, those are the major categories that we measure and you look at first-line capture rate, HUMIRA is number one in every single one of those. It varies anywhere from around 30% on the low end to as high as 56% of new patients capture on the high end across those categories. And so the brand continues to perform extremely well and the markets continue to perform extremely well. But there's still room for a lot of agents in this market because not all patients respond to any one agent, so you need multiple therapies to be able to put those patients in the appropriate level of control. And so the IL-17s and the IL-23s and many other mechanisms will have a role to play in the treatment paradigm for these patients going forward.
Richard A. Gonzalez: In the case of HCV, I think if you look at our business, we have been rolling out in all the major countries around the world. The most recent one that we rolled out was France, and prior to that was Japan. Japan, obviously we had tremendous success in Japan, achieved market leadership in a very short period of time and sustained a very high level of market share, so the adoption of the product in Japan was extremely good. We're ramping in France now to some extent. What is left is typically smaller countries now. We'll be rolling those out over the course of the next several months. As far as reimbursement decisions, it varies pretty dramatically. When the first generation of HCV products came out, many countries did two things. One, they typically funded their later-stage later F-score patients, and they funded their healthcare budgets on a year-by-year basis, which isn't typical of how they would do a program like this. But because of that, they had to come back each year and make a determination as to how much funding they would put in. We still see that happening in certain countries around the world. So it is a difficult question I guess for me to answer for you with any level of specificity. But generally speaking, I'd say if you look across the board, the overall reimbursed population is relatively consistent. The mix is obviously different, but it does vary from country to country.
Richard A. Gonzalez: On the HUMIRA litigation, I would not say there's anything really new to report there. And frankly, litigation is probably not something we're going to spend a lot of time describing in a high level of detail. But what I can tell you on the current litigation is it is proceeding as we have described to you, so the time windows are consistent with what we've described to you. And I wouldn't expect any kind of significant event for quite some period of time as we go through the normal process that you go through in a litigation process like discovery, et cetera. So this is going to play out over years, as we've described to you before. So there's really nothing new to report there from that perspective. I think you make an excellent point about the value of our company, the enterprise value of our company. Obviously, the P/E of the stock compared to where it was several years ago, all of those things basically create an opportunity that if you wanted to do a larger transaction where you were using stock, it certainly puts you in a much better position to be able to do that. And so that makes obvious sense in what you're describing and certainly gives us the ability to be able to do things like that. We tend to look at what we're going to do to build the business around the backdrop of what our company's value proposition is and we're trying to drive. Our company value proposition is that we are committed to drive top-tier growth over the long term and build a pipeline that is capable of being able to drive us at that level despite all of the ins and outs that will occur in the business going forward and be able to perform at that level. If we thought a large transaction was what was necessary to be able to do that, obviously we would pursue a large transaction. But what I've said to you many quarters in a row now, we're in the fortunate position, like this quarter where we're driving a tremendous amount of growth, as we look forward, we believe we can continue to drive a significant amount of growth, a top-tier level of growth. You can never have enough pipeline in the business that we're in. and so we obviously have a very strong desire to continue to build our pipeline. But right now, we're building it more around more individual products or platforms, bolt-on kinds of platforms. And most of the time, those don't require stock to be the vehicle by which you acquire those assets. That's not to say we haven't done it. We obviously had stock in other transactions like Pharmacyclics, as an example. But that was more around the dynamics of the transaction that drove it than the need to have to do it through that vehicle. So I think your point is valid. Our goal will be to continue to build the value of the company, so I would expect that we'll be in that position for quite some time. And we'll continue to evaluate what our strategic plan is to build it. But right now, that is our area of focus, more these bolt-ons and building the mid-stage and the early-stage pipeline.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. On the co-pay accumulator programs, I have not heard that description that you've described. But look, it's like anything else. There are lots and lots of programs out there. Could there be a program that was similar to what you're describing? Certainly, that can be the case. I would say in general, as we look at these and as we think about them, essentially what they're designed to do is to raise the co-pay to a higher level. They're typically high-deductible plans that have a higher co-pay, and they try to force back on the patient a higher level of that co-pay and their responsibility to that co-pay. The ones I've seen are built around – they cover all expenses, medical expenses that that patient has, so not just drugs but physicians or hospitalization or all those kinds of costs. And so essentially what it does is what I described before, is you may have a co-pay that's $4,000. The average is between $4,000 and $5,000 in these programs. There are some that go as high as $10,000, but the average is more like $4,000 to $5,000. Let's say the typical co-pay would be closer to $1,500 to $2,000 on a typical medical program. So you have to get to a much higher co-pay in order for the insurance company to take on the greater responsibility. And that is not specific to a product, at least in the experiences that I've seen. As I said, I don't view them as a major threat. I view them as extremely bad healthcare policy because I think trying to put that level of burden on a patient who needs a chronic medication just is not the appropriate way to be able to try to manage those patients over the long term. But having said that, this is a relatively small percentage, and we think the biggest impact will be that it will incur some additional costs for those patients going forward. And therefore, we are reflecting some of that cost in our P&L going forward as well.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So, David, I'll do one and three. Mike will cover number two. So if you look at co-pay accumulators, I can tell you this is our internal data, so it will give you some idea. There are roughly about 20% of patients in the U.S. that are on high-deductibility plans now. Of those, about 20% or so have co-pay accumulators associated with them, so that gets you to this about 4% of the overall HUMIRA population. Now, I think one of the things that will happen over time is for those patients that can select out of these programs, I can tell you we're getting a lot of feedback from patient groups that are extremely unhappy with this policy. And I think those patients that have the flexibility to elect out of a high deductibility plan that has it that use chronic drugs or have significant levels of medical care that is associated with a chronic condition, I think they will exit these programs because these programs don't make a tremendous amount of sense for them. It may be that you have a lower cost of your premium up front but ultimately when they get hit with a big co-pay, that becomes a difficult thing for them to manage their way through. So we could see that percentage come down. Now in fairness, there are certain employers that that's the only program that they offer. And so for those people, they won't have any choice of how they try to deal with it. But it's still a relatively small percentage. You said it's having a big impact in 2018. If you look at the grand scheme of HUMIRA, I wouldn't exactly describe this as a big impact. But there could be some costs associated with it, and we want to make sure we've reflected those costs. We haven't seen, as I said before, any impact yet. We're going to have to measure it as we get into second and third quarter and see exactly what we experience. We are committed to try to maintain those patients on therapy because we think that's the right thing to do. On HUMIRA OUS decline, your recollection I think is reasonably correct. I'd say we updated – and I'm trying to remember which call it was where we took it up slightly to 18% to 20% was the latest erosion curve that we described. The bulk of that probably will occur between the fourth quarter of this year and the end of 2019 because we would expect that the impact to be able to defend that volume will play out over that period of time, and then there will be more modest declines or pressure going forward. And so I would say right now we're still thinking it's in that 20% range, 18% to 20% range, but we needed to see some experience. I think without seeing actually what their launch strategy looks like, we're modeling everything against what we've seen with Remicade and what we're seeing right now with Enbrel. And what we're modeling here is pretty consistent with what we're seeing out there. I don't fundamentally believe we should see something a lot different, but we want to see what that experience looks like. If it's different than what we've described, we'll obviously update the market once we have more experience with it.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, this is Mike. I'll take the question about upadacitinib and DVT and PE rates. So I think there are a number of things one has to consider when one evaluates the safety of any Phase 3 program. And comparison to background rates is one of the things that we look at, but it's certainly not the only thing and it's also not the most important thing. We talked about our rates being within expectations of background, and they have been throughout the course of this program. And that is one of the early indicators that we look at as our data accrue. But we now have four out of our five studies, which is a fairly substantial amount of our placebo-controlled and active comparator controlled program in the public domain, at least at the top line level. And that's why in my explanation today, I focus on what we've seen there, because what you see within your own program is of course going to be the most important. So you ask why not disclose the DVT and PE rate, we will when we have our full program. The rate changes. It has stayed within that background rate, but there's not a final number until we're done with our program. And when we unblind all of our studies, we'll talk to folks about the DVT and PE rate. But we'll also talk about what we've seen within the randomized part of our trial and the overall safety picture, which, as I indicated, we continue to have confidence in. With respect to your question on hemoglobin, AEs of anemia have been uncommon across the program. They've been seen in all groups, including placebo, and we haven't seen a signal for an increase.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, this is Mike. With respect to your second question, for Rova-T in the U.S., we view the primary path to approval as the randomized studies, MERU and TAHOE, and that's based on discussions with the FDA. So unless things change substantially there, and we don't expect that they will, we'll continue to view that as the primary path to approval. In Europe, we've not communicated a decision because we're still in discussions with the regulators. And when we reach a conclusion there, we'll obviously communicate it. With Venclexta in multiple myeloma, we have an ongoing study in a broader multiple myeloma patient, but we also have efforts that are targeted at a particular subset of multiple myeloma, t(11;14). This is a subset that tends to be driven by BCL-2. They have a phenotype that's a good fit for a BCL-2 inhibitor like Venclexta, and we've seen very encouraging initial results. So that's an area that we'll continue to pursue as well. t(11;14) is a subset of multiple myeloma, but it's a fairly substantial subset, 15% to 20% of patients, with of course the overall myeloma population being quite large, unfortunately, so there are a significant number of patients with that translocation. So we see both as potential paths that are very promising for Venclexta in myeloma.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, I'll start with SELECT-SUNRISE. So the SELECT-SUNRISE study was a study done in Japan. And it's not uncommon for the PMDA, the Japanese regulator, to request additional dose-ranging on studies that are done in Japan for a number of reasons. And so I think you should view the inclusion of the 7.5-milligram dose in that light. The 7.5-milligram dose had lower levels of response, particularly when you look at measures like ACR50 and other more stringent measures, not only in SUNRISE, but also in our global Phase 2b study. So we feel very good about our dose selection, and we're not intending to pursue 7.5-milligram global. With respect to Rova-T, we have seen single-agent activity now in two studies. We think that's very important. The level of activity we have seen is very different than what one would expect with conventional chemotherapy in that setting. That rate, if it's not zero, is in the low single digits. We've seen results that show by independent radiographic review a 16% response rate in the data that we've put out previously. And that gives us confidence that we're seeing good activity, and that ought to translate into clinical benefit in those other studies that I described. The comment regarding durability has to do just with the standard for registration from a single-arm study in a setting like this. And that standard is very high, and the patients that we studied in TRINITY were very advanced. Many were past a point of no return, if you will. There was a lot of very early mortality. So in that setting, it's hard to demonstrate the sort of durability that we had hoped for, and that's what that comment reflects. But we feel good about the activity overall. And we think as we move forward in lines of therapy and also as we combine with other active mechanisms, there is the potential for real and important clinical benefit.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay. So with respect to combo data with Rova-T and I-O therapies, first I'll say that there's good pre-clinical rationale to believe that the combination of those two agents will be very effective. We currently have an early to mid-stage trial looking at the combination of Rova-T with I-O agents in collaboration with BMS. That's looking at both nivo [nivolumab] and nivo-ipi [ipilimumab] combos. That is an early to mid-stage trial, as I said, so there's not a single period for data readout. Data can be presented as individual arms of the study mature. But I would say that over the course of this year and into the next, we ought to have data that we can talk about there. So it's in that timeframe that we'll be able to see clinical data to support this hypothesis.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, so I'll start with the question on upadacitinib and risankizumab. So when we look at the efficacy profiles, we also see significant differentiation. We see that in a number of important areas. With upadacitinib, we see very high levels of response, high levels of response on the more stringent endpoints, high levels of response in biologic-inadequate responders, and that's in an RA population. Of course, we have other indications that we are pursuing as well, such as inflammatory bowel diseases and atopic dermatitis. And the picture in each of these is slightly different in terms of what the therapeutic landscape looks like. What I would say is both the level of that response and the duration of that response that we've seen in the trials to date we view as very, very encouraging. And so we think that that asset will have a very strong efficacy profile, and we do think that durability will be part of that. When we look at risankizumab, we see a picture that's very similar. We're driving very high levels of response, particularly on the stringent endpoints. And there I would point particularly to the 52-week data in psoriasis, and those data are very strong and show very high levels of response at even the PASI 90 and PASI 100 level at those endpoints. So we also think that durability will be an important point for the risa story. And so we think that between those two assets across the indications that I mentioned, we're going to be able to cover a large part of the medical need.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: So the safety in TRINITY has looked very consistent with what we observed in the Phase 1b and was very consistent with our expectations. Some of the key events were actually present in lower percentages of patients, at least numerically, in TRINITY as compared to the Phase 1b, so for example, the sorts of AEs that we look at, like the effusions and the other AEs that were identified the Phase 1b trial. But overall, I would say it was very consistent with our Phase 1b experience and very consistent with our expectations.
Michael E. Severino, M.D.: Okay, so with respect to the question on upadacitinib and what we've seen in the controlled portions of our trials, as I stated in my prepared remarks, we've seen five patients in the upadacitinib-treated patients and four in the comparators. It's important to keep in mind that comparators range across these studies and what we call placebo is actually different background therapy in different studies, so a placebo on a monotherapy study is minimal background therapy. It might be NSAIDs and other things. In a methotrexate-inadequate responder study, placebo sits (01:19:03) on top of continued methotrexate. And of course, our HUMIRA study was blinded, so there actually is placebo administered there to maintain the blind. But of those case splits that we talked about, three were on HUMIRA and one came from our study that was identified as placebo. That patient was on continued methotrexate. In terms of when we'll get our next tranche of data, that will be with the next study, the SELECT-EARLY study, which we said will read out in the coming months. That's also a substantial study with longer control periods.
William J. Chase: And then, Jason, the only other thing I'll add regarding our revised HUMIRA guidance is we are assuming that the destock that we saw in first quarter is a permanent destock. We don't have that coming back. And likewise, when we look at the retail channel in particular, we think we could see a little bit more destocking in the second quarter. So that's been baked into the number as well.
William J. Chase: Yeah, it was about 2 points of the overall. So if you back that out, the operational growth in the first quarter was 7%, which was still strong. Q2 we would expect a lower growth rate given the reversal of that timing. I think in the 3% to 4% range would be a good number to bank on at this point.
William J. Chase: So on the financing, recognized financing costs include lost interest income as well as interest expense. So obviously, we're going to deploy a sizable amount of our cash to this. We may have to top that off with some short-term loans just based on the timing of moving cash around between geographies, but this is not going to require any long-term financing.
