Richard A. Gonzalez: Thank you, Bill. Before we open the call for questions I wanted to say a few words about Bill so this is the part where I'm going to embarrass Bill. I guess you won't be able to tell that because you can't see him but Bill, as you know, recently announced his intention to retire in the summer of 2019. I can tell you that Bill has been my partner since we launched AbbVie, and he has played a very significant role in the tremendous success that we have been able to deliver. I've known Bill and worked with Bill in some form or fashion at least 25 years. Between Abbott and AbbVie, Bill has had a tremendous 30-year career. I can tell you that personally I will miss Bill when he retires. I told him the story about me flunking retirement, that didn't seem to faze him very much. But in all seriousness, I know that Bill and his family are extremely excited about moving to Europe next summer and starting this new chapter in their lives. So I can tell you that all of us here at AbbVie wish him and his family all the best, and I know he'll do extremely well and he's extremely excited about this move. As I mentioned, Bill will be with us until the middle of next year, so many of you will have an opportunity to congratulate him personally prior to his departure. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, then I guess I won't describe that. On HUMIRA's confidence on price in the U.S., if you look at our HUMIRA business, it's primarily a volume-driven business in the U.S. And I would expect that we will continue, based on all of the contracts that have been negotiated for 2019, that we'll continue with a very similar price fall-through to what we had in 2018. So on the lower end of that mid-single digits is probably a reasonable expectation. So not a tremendous amount of price, but no significant change from what we've had.
Richard A. Gonzalez: And maybe to just give a little more color on VENCLEXTA, what we're seeing, because AML is obviously a portion of that, I mean, if you looked at the AML market in total, it's probably a couple of billion dollars. And as Mike said, roughly half of that is addressable, although I will say we are seeing some activity where physicians are pretreating patients prior to induction chemotherapy to get disease activity down. So it could be even larger than half of that population in AML. As I indicated in my remarks a few moments ago, we are seeing VENCLEXTA take a fairly significant inflection in growth since we released the MURANO data, and I think physicians have become more aware of the AML data. If you actually look at patient starts compared to the first quarter of 2018 and looking at them versus the third quarter of 2018, they're up 73%. So obviously the brand is starting to really grow at a fairly rapid pace. It's at about a $400 million running rate right now and growing rapidly. So I think you can expect that you'll continue to see very strong growth out of VENCLEXTA, and it will be an important contributor to our oncology growth going forward.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover one and three. So the magnitude of the settlement royalties, those are all confidential agreements, so I can't speak to the magnitude of those even in a qualitative way. I would just say that they're typical royalties that are associated with the license of important IP. On the court case for BI, I can tell you we have confidence in our position. We don't fundamentally believe that the essence of what BI is describing is, if you get a large number of patents on a product, that in and of itself is a problem. I don't believe there is case law to support that, nor do I believe that there is evidence that would support that position. I'd also say the following. Look, we have five settlements now. We have very sophisticated companies who have made a decision based on our IP to do a settlement agreement with us. I think that speaks for itself about the magnitude and the power of our IP, and we remain confident in our position.
Richard A. Gonzalez: And the only thing I'd add there is I think the market data would now support that. I mean, if you look at the relatively small indication that they have in MCL, I think they peaked at market share around 10% – 13%, and now they're declining to some extent. So clearly, the market uptake on the product does not appear to be representative of a product that has differentiation.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, Chris, this is Rick. I'll take the biosimilar question. I think what we've seen is as the biosimilars entered the market, and it's probably somewhat consistent with the fact that four of them entered basically simultaneously, the pricing has been more aggressive, which all along we've said we would see the biggest impact at launch in that first year, and then it would taper off as we got to the follow-on years. And I think what we've seen play out now only supports that further. So I think you can expect a much bigger impact in 2019 in the countries that had an impact. And then it will slow as we get into 2020-2021. Now there will be countries that come on in the later years, and they'll experience probably a similar kind of a curve as we enter those markets. So I think that's the way we think about it, and I think it's the best way for the investment community to think about it.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah, David. It's Rick. So let me answer number two first. So what I'm describing to you is the level of erosion that we would expect in 2019. It will moderate, but there will be some impact in 2020. You are correct that what we described to you was 18% to 20% over that two-year period of time. So, you're thinking about it the right way. So obviously there's higher levels of erosion. Now, I will say, as I mentioned a moment ago, I think we have seen a deeper discounting strategy out of the blocks. And that will moderate some as we go forward. But I think you should assume that you will see more erosion in 2020 which would obviously raise that number going forward. I don't think it will be dramatic, but I think you will see some impact. On capital allocation, I think our overall strategy is very similar to what we've operated with for quite some time, and that is that we view returning cash to shareholders as an important strategy. Our dividend we're committed to a growing dividend, and obviously we've demonstrated that again in this call. We view our dividend as our primary vehicle to do that, although we have done some substantial buybacks as we saw the stock at a value that we thought was undervalued. We thought that was an appropriate use of it. Our first priority is always building the business for the long-term. We're fortunate that we have a strong pipeline, and therefore we can drive significant growth. So we focused a lot of attention on assets that we could bring in that would have an impact in that 2023, 2024, 2025 timeframe which are typically earlier stage, smaller kinds of transactions. But we've been active in that area across the range of areas, oncology being a good example, immunology being a good example. We have done some transactions now in the area of fibrosis, and so we have a pretty active program in that area. We look at almost everything. We look at small opportunities, medium opportunities, larger opportunities, and we evaluate each of those. It goes through a filter of, first, does it strategically fit, and second, is the value at a point that ultimately we can get a good return on it for our shareholders? And so we evaluate all these opportunities versus that. I don't see a fundamental shift in how we've operated from a capital allocation standpoint though.
Richard A. Gonzalez: On biotech valuations, I guess I'll clarify the $20 billion to $30 billion comment. What I was trying to describe in that meeting was what we viewed as a larger bolt-on, not that we were actively pursuing a transaction in that range. But having said that, if you look regardless of value, if I look at biotech valuations now, although they've come down some, they're still valued pretty highly, and valued in a forward-looking way. And what I mean by that is if you get some early data, you tend to see valuations rise very rapidly in anticipation of future positive data. But when we look at a transaction, just like everybody else in the industry, you have to evaluate the risk of that data not playing out in a larger study, a later study. And so valuations are still – for the stage of the product, still have a tendency to get ahead of where the right balance is for the risk reward of a good return. Doesn't mean every single one of them is that way. But I'm talking in generalities now. And certainly all of us continue to look for those opportunities where there's the right value and an exciting opportunity. We have seen some of those that we've brought in, and we'll continue to look for those.
William J. Chase: Sure. So if you look at the quarter, this is only the first quarter that we've seen the full impact of the termination of HUMIRA royalty that were previously in place. So we're picking up about 160 basis points of favorability related to that royalty reduction. That was the big mover in the quarter. We also did see some favorable exchange, call that maybe a little under 0.5 point, and then offsetting that going the other way was about 120 basis points related to partnership accounting. As you know, we book the profit that we pass to our partner on IMBRUVICA as a cost of goods sold. So that actually has a dilutive impact on the gross margin line. So when you add that all up, that's how you get to the number that we saw in the quarter. In terms of progress towards 2020, look, certainly we're factoring in the biosimilar experience that we're seeing now into our 2019 plan, although I don't have a clear picture yet. Be what I can tell you is, if you look at this quarter, we had very, very strong operating margin growth. We've increased by over 400 basis points on the 47% range. I think that that is the base that you've got to think of us starting to build off of in our inherent run-rate. And then, next year we're going to pick up the benefit of royalty reductions, which ought to be about 170 to 180 basis points. So we're not going to be there in 2019. We never said we were going to be there in 2019. But when you look at the rapid growth we'd be expecting in 2020 with the pipeline products really moving into full gear, we still remain confident.
William J. Chase: Chris, speaking in absolute dollar terms, we certainly will be putting more money into SG&A next year to support our launches. If you look at the quality of the assets and the importance of the assets to the overall AbbVie growth story, we are not going to do anything that would impede our ability to maximize their ultimate potential. So from a dollar standpoint, we will certainly be putting money in for both risa and upa. Obviously, a lot of the spend is already in the base for VENCLEXTA and to a degree ORILISSA. However, moving into AML, there will be additional spend there. And ORILISSA, we have not seen this year the startup of the full DTC campaign. So I think you should model increased spending on those assets.
William J. Chase: So I'll start with that one first, John. So you're exactly right in terms of the gating between 2018 and 2019. I think you should expect next year to pick up about somewhere between 170 to 180 basis points on the gross margin line as a result of those royalties being eliminated.
