Michael Severino: Okay. This is Mike. I’ll take the PSA question. The PSA segment is an important part of the overall other segments. I equate as large as RA but it makes a meaningful contribution, that and spondyloarthritis, axial spa it’s often referred to.  Those two components provide meaningful revenue in that area and as we announced earlier this week in the psoriatic arthritis study we had at this – we delivered very strong results which were completely in line with our expectations.  We had a very strong impact on both joint measures, on the ACR measures, on the skin measures, and on composite measures of minimal disease activity, which look across both joint and skin and show that we are getting a substantial proportion of patients with very high level of control.  So we think it’s a very, very substantial opportunity for RINVOQ in the long-term. We haven’t put a dollar on that market yet. But we do think it’s going to be a very important contributor to the overall RINVOQ profile.  SKYRIZI is doing very well and its initial indication of psoriasis. We have a psoriatic arthritis program underway. We think it’s important to show the benefit of SKYRIZI in a psoriatic arthritis setting. That’s not as advanced.  We don’t have those data readouts yet. But we would expect it to perform well in that setting as well based on Phase 2. So we think between the two we’ll really have a very strong portfolio in that important segment of the market. 
Michael Severino: Thanks. This is Mike. I'll take the question on psoriatic arthritis. One thing that's important to keep in mind is that the study that we just released is in a bio IR population. And in fact, it was in a pretty heavily pre-treated bio IR population where a number of patients had failed two or three prior biologic DMARDs despite that we drove very high levels of response at the ACR-20 level and at higher levels on the joint endpoints.  And if you look at the placebo subtracted differences, they are entirely in line with our expectations. So, these data would increase our confidence in the overall program and our ability to hit our marks in the second study which includes not only the head-to-head comparison, but also the structural endpoint. The second thing that I would add is that that second study is a very large and robust study because it has a structural endpoint. So it's very well powered to show the effects that we would expect to see. So we remain confident in the head-to-head and in our overall psoriatic arthritis program. And then, on the third part of your question with respect to infection rates, in the data that we just released in psoriatic arthritis, we did see numerically higher rates of infections and serious infections in the 30 milligram dose. That's not uncommon in a therapeutic immunomodulator class.  This is our first study. We are going to have to see how that second study plays out, not only with respect to the safety parameters, but also with respect to the dose response that we see or do not see across doses on the joints and other endpoints and we'll make a determination of the most appropriate dose to carry forward based on that complete dataset as we did in RA.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take the first part of your question on VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA combination used in CLL. I mean, we do think there is a very meaningful opportunity there. When you look at the CLL population, it's a heterogeneous group and that ranges from patients who develop CLL later in life and have a number of co-morbidities.  Those patients today tend to receive rich progression therapy with IMBRUVICA. We are seeing that shift very strongly as we've released those IMBRUVICA data. But there are other patients, patients who developed CLL earlier in life, patients who had less co-morbid illness, who are interested in treatment intensification and getting very, very deep responses.  And for those patients in particular, the VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA combination, I think is very compelling based on the data that we've generated to-date. We see very deep responses. We'd expect that to translate into long disease-free intervals and we think it's a therapy that will be an important treatment option. With respect to the specific duration, that's going to be tailored based on the data to individual settings. But those combination regimens do tend to have fixed duration therapy.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. I'll take the first part on Calquence. We really wouldn't expect to see differentiation on efficacy or safety, based on our look at the data. We understand the positioning that that some of the follow-on BTK inhibitors have put forward. But when we look at the data, they look like me-toos as Rick has said.  If you look at like-for-like data in second-line CLL, for example, which is the only indication where they have publicly available Phase 3 data and you line that up against our Phase 3 data. If you look at response measures, they look very, very similar. And that's despite the fact that in the assorted of study they had a median number of prior therapies at one prior therapy and we had a median number of three prior therapies.  So, a much more heavily treated patient population and yet the same efficacy results. So that's not indicative of likely differentiation in our mind and you wouldn't expect that based on mechanism of action. It's a BTK inhibitor. And when you look at safety, that story has evolved as well. It started off as no bleeding and no afib because now we see both of those in their label and those events are showing up in their larger scale clinical trials, as well. And if you go back to that same study comparison that I talked about, you see rates that they fit that actually looks pretty similar if you look at corresponding time points.  So we don't really see differentiation there either. I mean, it's important to keep in mind that labels evolve over time. If you look at how our label has evolved, as we have unblinded multiple large Phase III trials and also accumulated extensive post-marketing experience, things get added to your label and that's the natural course of a product's lifecycle over time.  If you look at their label today, compared to IMBRUVICA's label at a corresponding time point, they look pretty similar. So, to our eyes, these look like me-toos and we wouldn't expect to see that differentiation.
Michael Severino: And this is Mike. I'll take the IMBRUVICA question regarding hypertension. So hypertension has been seen with clinical uses in IMBRUVICA and other BTK inhibitors and obviously, we believe that it's important to pay close attention to patient safety and then it needs to be managed effectively. And we think it is managed very effectively both in clinical practice and in our clinical trial programs.  If you look at the overall benefit risk profile, it’s very strong. We have released data from a number of Phase 3 studies across a wide range of settings and that benefit risk profile comes, I think very clearly in all of our data. So we are very confident in the overall profile of the molecule and we are managing hypertension I think quite effectively.
Rick Gonzalez: I think on an international SKYRIZI, you have to remember, we really only have reimbursement in a relatively small number of countries today. But that reimbursement process, that pricing reimbursement process is ongoing.  So you can expect it’s doing extremely well in the markets that it is in. But that’s going to expand significantly over the course of the next 12 months as we get pricing and reimbursement in additional countries.  I would expect SKYRIZI to perform reasonably consistently with what we are seeing in the U.S. and certainly in the western European markets. So, I think, there is a good opportunity there and we are excited about that opportunity.  Certainly, as it relates to HUMIRA pricing, we are obviously in the process of going through all of our managed care and I’d say, we are far into that pricing or that contracting process for 2020. I don’t view any significant change in the dynamics around HUMIRA pricing in 2020. It would be significantly different from what we’ve seen in 2019. 
Rick Gonzalez: Yes, so, if you look at – you are correct, Steve. This is Rick. On OUS HUMIRA, if you go back to our guidance in the fourth quarter of last year, we guided to overall erosion at about 30%. As Rob said in his comments, our forecast now is that that erosion will come in at about 28%. So, slightly lower than what we expect and you’ve seen that in each of the quarters. As you indicated, we’ve overachieved.  I would say, the bulk of that is slightly better performance in the areas where biosimilars are impacting the market. There is a portion of it, that’s a little better performance in the other market as well. But the majority of it is driven by stabilization of pricing in those markets at a level that came earlier than we would have expected.  As far as the closing is concerned, I don’t think we were trying to telegraph an earlier date, if that’s how the market interpreted it. We are making good progress on the Allergan closing. Integration activities are going extremely well. We are obviously managing that very tightly. As Laura indicated a few minutes ago, the regulatory processes are advancing.  But we’d like to stay with the current guidance that we’ve had and that is a first quarter close. Obviously, we’d like to close it as rapidly as we can and we are pursuing that activity to get that done. But at this point, I wouldn’t want to change what the original guidance was. So, that’s how it was interpreted. That was not our intent. 
Rick Gonzalez: Andrew, this is Rick. I’ll cover the first one and I will have Mike cover the other two. Certainly, as you indicated, the situation is still pretty dynamic. Although, I’d say, it’s a little lighter over the last month or two. They had been across the summer. But I still think there is a lot of interest and a lot of activity that’s still going to continue to look at ways to try to open up access and affordability, particularly in the Medicare population.  And I think that’s appropriate and I would tell you, we as a company support that. We do believe we need to make medicines more affordable to Part-D patients. The Senate Finance Bill goes in a direction and I think it’s helpful. It takes those out-of-pocket costs down from where they are today on a therapy like IMBRUVICA or even a therapy like HUMIRA as an example.  It takes them down fairly significantly to an out-of-pocket cost. It’s about $3,000 or $3,100. I would say, we still fundamentally believe that’s too high for most Medicare patients. The average Medicare patient has an income of $2,600. We think it needs to be more in the neighborhood of something below $2,000 and our government affairs people are working to try to articulate that position.  The other issue with it is, there is still front-end loaded in the year. So from a cash flow standpoint, the patient has to come up with that $3,100 in the first two months, typically the first three months and most of these individuals don't have that kind of cash flow.  So, coming up with a structure that will allow it to be spread across the full year would be certainly a more reasonable approach to allow those patients’ affordability. As it relates to the funding in the catastrophic area, certainly, if you look and trying to make these drugs more affordable to patients and have broader access, someone has to pay for that. And certainly, I can't speak for the entire industry. But I can speak for AbbVie. We have said and I testified at the Senate Finance Committee, I said we are willing to step-up and cover more of that cost.  Healthcare plans have to pay more of the cost and obviously the government needs to pay a piece of that as well. It moves in that direction, although I will say, the way they structured it so far, it is more punitive or more costly to companies that have more innovative therapies and it actually gives a benefit to certain companies who have drugs where the total cost would be below $6,000 per year.  I don't think that was the intent, I doubt seriously. They were trying to give a benefit to any specific company. So, really looking at where that threshold is and the overall percentage in the catastrophic base is something that would be an important aspect of modification to this bill. But I'd say, it moves in the right direction. Specifically, the answer your question about volume, we have looked carefully not just to move it up across our entire portfolio. We do believe there will be some volume increase. Net-net, I can tell you the volume isn't enough to offset the overall cost.  But I think in the grand scheme of where we want to go with this, I think this is a reasonable approach and with some modifications, I think you could have a meaningful impact on the issue and potentially put the debate to rest. So, it's something that with modifications I am supportive of it.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Hi, this is Rick. I'll take the capital allocation question. Let me start maybe with more broadly about capital allocation. We have basically three priorities when we look at capital allocation. We want to invest in the business. We want to continue to drive a strong and growing dividend and we want to pay down debt. And those are the priorities for us.  We have a debt pay down plan that we have put in place that’s consistent with the objectives that Rob indicated in his formal comments and that will be something that we will absolutely drive towards. Now we are fortunate that we are in a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow in the combination of Allergan and AbbVie together will generate very, very significant cash flow.  And so, we have the luxury that we are able to do both. And we certainly would not have increased our dividend double-digit now if we had any concerns about that going forward. So, I can tell you we are committed to a strong and growing dividend and we are committed to paying down debt and we have the ability to be able to do both.  And I think the dividend increase that we are announcing today is a reflection of our confidence in that cash flow generation.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. This is Rick. Tim, I'll answer your second question about Botox. And I am getting answer it in the backdrop of the work that we did as it relates to the acquisition, the market research that we did leading up to the acquisition. So we look carefully at Botox and the durability of Botox. It's an important product for Allergan.  And I would tell you the Allergan organization I think has done an outstanding job with Botox. But if you look at competition, it comes in two forms or potentially it can come in two forms. One, other branded toxins, which is what they've experienced thus far and we expect to see more other branded toxins.  And I would tell you that what the market research clearly told us is that the brand equity of Botox in the channels that they operate is so strong that it is extremely difficult for those practices to operate without offering Botox, because many patients when they walk in the door, ask for it by name.  And so because of that, they have a bundling program that has been extremely effective and being able to manage the competitive dynamics around this asset quite well.  And in fact, I would say as we built our model for the Allergan transaction, we’ve built and we've said this a number of times. We've built a fairly conservative model and we did that across virtually every single product. And so, our model is more conservative than what the Allergan current performance is and it’s certainly more conservative than their longer range forecast. But it still does project growth for Botox going forward. I would say we've watched the quarterly performance last quarter and Botox despite the fact that there was a lot of speculation. The competition was going to have a big impact, Botox performed very, very well. We'll see their performance here soon.  But I would expect that Botox will continue to perform very well. And so, I think that organization deserves a lot of credit for the way they have handled the competition and the way they continued to grow this brand quite well. The second aspect as you have to look at as it relates to Botox is whether or not you are going to see any biosimilars for Botox and we've talked to investors in quite a bit of detail around here.  But the short answer is, based on the uniqueness of this particular molecule, we have come to the conclusion there would be extremely difficult to create a biosimilar version of Botox and I would tell you, we looked at this very extensively with a lot of outside expertise and we feel very confident that that's the case. So, that was a long answer to basically say to you, we feel good about Botox. We feel good about our ability to be able to continue to grow Botox both in the aesthetics area, as well as the therapeutic area. And I think all of the data thus far only further supports our confidence.
Rick Gonzalez: And then David, this is Rick. On SKYRIZI, the in-place psoriasis share for SKYRIZI is over 20%, right now and growing pretty rapidly.
