Carrie Strom: Thank you, Jeff. Full year 2022, global aesthetic sales were approximately $5.3 billion, reflecting growth of 5% on an operational basis. Global Botox cosmetic sales were approximately $2.6 billion, up nearly 21% operationally and global Juvederm sales were approximately $1.4 billion, down roughly 2% operationally. Our global aesthetics portfolio grew in 2022 despite several headwinds, most notably inflationary dynamics in the U.S., COVID-related lockdowns in China and suspension of our operations in Russia. In the U.S. we began to see a slowdown in aesthetic procedures in the second quarter of last year which coincided with the softening in economic metrics. These trends continued through the end of the year with the most significant impact on higher priced more deferrable procedures, including fillers and body contouring. Despite these economic pressures, U.S. Botox cosmetic sales grew approximately 16% in 2022, driven by strong first half sales with growth moderating over the remainder of the year. Similarly, U.S. Juvederm saw strong growth in the first quarter of the year but filler market declines throughout the second half of the year resulted in full year sales being down approximately 17% versus a robust 2021. We continue to track a number of key external economic metrics, including real personal consumption and the U.S. Consumer Confidence Index. While we have not seen major improvements in these metrics, data over the course of the last several months has shown stabilization. It remains difficult to predict the duration of these economic headwinds. But as Rick noted, we have modeled them to persist through the end of 2023. Our international aesthetics portfolio continued to demonstrate robust growth with the strong performance in most major markets, offsetting impacts from China and Russia. International Botox cosmetic sales of nearly $1 billion were up approximately 29% operationally and international Juvederm sales grew approximately 9% on an operational basis. We delivered this performance despite the significant headwinds we faced last year in our 2 largest international filler market, China and Russia. While our aesthetics portfolio in China continues to be impacted by COVID-related headwinds -- the current wave appears to have peaked. We expect the situation to improve through the first half of 2023 with full recovery in China beginning in the third quarter. Despite the transitory challenges we're facing, we remain confident in the long-term outlook for our aesthetics portfolio. Consumers continue to be very interested in the aesthetics category and in our brands. We see substantial room for further market penetration across each of our aesthetics categories and are continuing to invest to support long-term growth. Our promotional efforts are focused on driving more consumers into our customers' offices while increasing retention and productivity of existing patients. We have built a best-in-class commercial technology team known for developing our consumer loyalty program, Eli. We have over 5 million consumers who use Eli and more than 20,000 of our customers' offices. We have a series of new technology products launching this year to drive growth in the aesthetics market and support our customers and consumers. Internationally, we are focused on markets with significant growth potential. We have increased investments in injector training and expanded our field force in China which is our second largest market. Latin America which is very aesthetically oriented and Japan which is growing rapidly and is expected to be one of our fastest-growing markets in 2023. Additionally, we are focused on delivering new product innovation. This year, we're launching 2 new fillers in the U.S., VOLUX for improvement of jawline which was approved late last year and Skin Vive for enhanced skin quality attributes, including hydration which is expected to be approved in the first half of 2023. We're also continuing to launch Harmonica, our hybrid bio-stimulatory HA filler in several international markets. The investments we're making to support long-term growth for our aesthetics portfolio, along with the stabilizing economic outlook and improving tobidynamics in China, leave us well positioned for future growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Carrie Strom: Yes. This is Carrie. The -- in terms of the aesthetics market and how we're thinking about it for 2023, I mean, first, I'd say, yes, this is still a very strong fundamental market with consumers who are very interested in entering the category. And so that remains a strong opportunity the now and in the future. But what we saw as we exited 2022 is as these economic metrics were softening, we also saw that reflected in demand for aesthetic procedures. And in our conversations with customers, we saw that reflected in their practices, market research with consumers, where they said, yes, we're interested in the category but we want to see what's going on with the economy, perhaps before a new patient might want to enter the category. And based on that, we are modeling for those trends to continue in 2023. And what that means for U.S. toxin market is the market growth would be around a mid-single-digit decline for U.S. filler market around a 10% decline. And like we said, those growth rates would be different by quarter as we lap a strong first part of the year. Now of course, if there is a scenario like a deep recession, where unemployment skyrockets, that is not something that we've contemplated. Or on the other hand, if the macroeconomic environment stabilizes or improve that would represent favorability to our plan.
Carrie Strom: Yes. So your question around China and I'd say China is our second largest global business. It has demonstrated significant growth in the past few years and proven to be very responsive to the increased promotion that we're putting into that market. Of course, in 2022, China COVID-related issues did impact the aesthetics market, especially in the second and fourth quarters. Now, as we look at the year beginning in China and as everyone is returning from the Chinese New Year, it does look like the current wave has peaked. And that the situation is beginning to improve and will continue to improve through the first half of 2023 and we're expecting a full recovery in the market in Q3 and for the second half the year. So despite the challenges in 2022, China still posted positive growth and we will definitely be continuing our investments in China in 2023 and beyond.
Carrie Strom: I'll take that first question on aesthetic competition. So in terms of U.S. BOTOX [ph] Cosmetics, this is a product that's around for 20 years and has based increased competition and still commands market-leading market share in the high 60s. And we know though that the competitive market will expand as new entrants are coming and have entered and in terms of a revamped toxin at the end of last year. What we've seen in the aesthetics market is that, of course, customers are going to try these new products. It's highly kind of newness driven and there's a novelty factor and trial and competitive trial is to be expected. And what we see is that these products and past aesthetic launches that we've watched, the share ramps for the first 12 to 18 months and then tends to stabilize. And so, of course, we don't underestimate any of our competitors. And so in 2023, we are modeling what we think is a competitive amount of share erosion in terms of our Botox business. And we'd expect that in '23 and beyond that U.S. BOTOX [ph] cosmetic will continue to be the clear number 1 market leader. And the new toxins that enter the market will be competing for their position number 2, 3 or 4 in our customers' offices.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Tom. AbbVie's performance and financial foundation remains strong with our leadership positions across a diverse portfolio, we are well positioned to return to robust growth by 2025. Starting with fourth quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.60 which is $0.07 above our guidance midpoint. These results include a $0.13 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $15.1 billion, up 3.8% on an operational basis, excluding a 2.2% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 52.1% of sales. This includes adjusted gross margin of 86% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.5% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.6% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.8% of sales. Net interest expense was $476 million and the adjusted tax rate was 13.4%. Turning to our financial outlook for 2023. Our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is between $10.70 and $11.10. This earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred throughout the year. We expect net revenues of approximately $52 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a neutral impact on full year sales growth. This revenue forecast comprehends the following approximate assumptions for our key products and therapeutic areas. We expect immunology sales of $24.8 billion, including SKYRIZI sales of $7.4 billion, reflecting growth of more than $2.2 billion due to strong market share performance across all approved indications. RINVOQ revenue of $3.7 billion, reflecting growth of more than 45% with continued indication expansion and HUMIRA sales of $13.7 billion, including U.S. erosion of 37% and following a loss of exclusivity in late January. With 1 biosimilar currently in the market and potentially 9 more biosimilars available in the middle of the year, we anticipate that sales erosion will be more heavily weighted towards the second half of 2023. In hematologic oncology, we expect VENCLEXTA sales of $2.2 billion and [indiscernible] revenue of $3.5 billion. For aesthetics, we expect sales of $5.2 billion, including $2.5 billion from Botox Cosmetic and $1.4 billion from Juvederm, with growth rates expected to improve when we lap the market slowdown in the middle of the year. For neuroscience, we expect revenue of $7.2 billion representing growth of more than 10%, including Botox Therapeutic sales of $2.8 billion, Vraylar sales of $2.5 billion and total oral CGRP revenue of $1.1 billion, including Ubrelvy growth of approximately 17.5%. For eye care, we expect sales of $2.2 billion and we expect Mavyret revenue of $1.4 billion. Moving to the P&L for 2023. We are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin of 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of $6.8 billion and adjusted SG&A expense of $12.4 billion. We forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of 47% of sales. This profile includes a 70 basis point benefit that is fully offset in tax expense given the transition of Puerto Rico's excise tax to an income tax effective at the beginning of this year. We expect adjusted net interest expense of $1.8 billion and we forecast our non-GAAP tax rate to be 15.3%, including an impact of 1.3 points from the Puerto Rico tax transition. Finally, we expect our share count to be roughly flat to 2022. Turning to the first quarter. We anticipate net revenues of $11.8 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1% unfavorable impact on sales growth. This revenue forecast comprehends the following approximate assumptions for our key therapeutic areas. Immunology sales of $5.5 billion which includes U.S. HUMIRA erosion of 27%, Oncology revenue of $1.4 billion. Aesthetic sales approaching $1.2 billion; Neuroscience revenue of $1.5 billion; and eye care sales approaching $600 million. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of 46% of sales and we model a non-GAAP tax rate of 13.3%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $2.39 and $2.49. This guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance and outlook continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of nearly $19 billion in 2023 which is net of $1.4 billion in SKYRIZI royalty payments. This cash flow will fully support a strong and growing dividend which we have increased by 270% since inception, continued debt repayment, where we expect to pay down $4 billion in maturities this year bringing our cumulative debt reduction to $34 billion. Our strong cash flow also provides capacity for continued business development to further augment our portfolio. In closing, we are very pleased with AbbVie's strong results in 2022. And with our diverse portfolio, we continue to be well positioned to deliver long-term growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: Mohit, this is Rob. I'll just add that. If you look at this year's guide, it's a great example of our willingness to increase R&D investment where it's needed. So if you look at we're increasing it from $6.4 billion to $6.8 billion. Those increases are focused on epcoritamab as well as midstage assets such as GARP and PTK7. We also have several new Phase III studies for additional RINVOQ indications which could contribute several billion dollars of revenue in the latter half of the decade. So even in the year where we're seeing a decline in the top line, we're increasing R&D investments. We're very committed to increasing innovation investment, whether it's internal or external.
Rob Michael: I think if you reflect back on the history of AbbVie, we've had a long track record at delivering exceeding our guidance. I think 2022 is an exception. And if you look at on the top line now, we didn't make earnings. So that's important to highlight. If you look at the top line, the 2 biggest factors that drove the miss versus original guidance in 2022 were with Imbruvica and Venclexta, the CLO market, we did not anticipate that, that market would actually not recover. I mean that's -- it's down 20% versus pre-pandemic levels. And then we did see some additional share impact on IMBRUVICA. And then aesthetics, we saw, obviously, in the month of May, we started to see a slowdown in the economy. We had a very strong first quarter. So both of those things really are what drove the top line miss, we made earnings. Now we have factored both those things in the 2023 guidance to give investors confidence that we said it appropriately. But we always look to set the most responsible guidance we can and we feel good about where we set 2023.
Rob Michael: I think you characterized it well, Rick. I mean the thing to highlight for this year for '23, the way you think about HUMIRA really in the first half of the year, the vast majority of that erosion will be priced. In the second half, you'll see because we've contracted rebates, you'll see a step-up in the price erosion, although you also will see more volume with biosimilars coming in the market in the middle of the year, we would expect more volume erosion. I think as we think about '24, we would expect, based on the contract to see a step up in price but albeit not at the same level as we see in '23 but '24 would be more volume. It's probably the best way to think about it right now. We're not going to give you guidance but if you think about how to model HUMIRA '23, '24, that's the way to think through it.
Rob Michael: And Carter, this is Rob. I'll try to answer your second question. I think the way to think about '24 -- clearly, as we go through the year, we always look at the trends and contemplate what that could mean for flow through in '24. But the reason we gave you that guidance range, we mentioned the $10.70 [ph] being the way to think about it as a floor for '24 is because of the dynamics around the HUMIRA erosion. So if we do better in '23 and more of it happens in '24, then you can at least anchor back to we're not going to fall below that $10.70 EPS floor in our guidance range. So we always would factor in trends but that's the way to think about it. If it's just the erosion on HUMIRA is better this year than we have in this guidance. We want to make sure you understood that what it means potentially for '24. So that's again, always factor in trends. But as we sit here today, that's the best way to think about it.
Rob Michael: So Steve, so I think the best way is 1 anchor on the guidance we gave you on U.S. HUMIRA today. So we said for the first quarter, we said it would be 27% erosion. And so -- and that's going to -- the vast majority of that will be priced. And we said because there'll be 9 biosimilars coming to market in the middle of the year, we would expect more of the erosion to come in the second half of the year. So you have to factor that dynamic into the way you look at the quarters that there'll be more erosion in the second half of the year for HUMIRA versus the first half of the year. Then you also have to factor in that you've got things like aesthetics, we haven't quite lapped the economic impact yet, right? So in the first quarter, you have a dynamic where you will see aesthetics still down, right? But when we get into the middle of the year, when we lap it, that also affects your year-over-year growth rates. And then, the underlying performance of the growth platform as we continue to drive those brands, you'll see those growth rates accelerate. So those are all the things that would factor as you look at the quarterly -- really, we've given you Q1 and then full year. We haven't given you Q2, 3 and 4. But that -- those are the variables I would look at. There's not really a whole lot in terms of if you look at investment, for example, that you have to flex. We do tend to see some higher levels typically in the fourth quarter. So, you could -- you could look at historically our investment patterns and use that as a proxy. But those are the variables to consider as you think about the first quarter versus the rest of the year.
Rob Michael: So we're not going to give you a 2024 guidance, Tim. I think the way to think about '24 is we would expect to see additional price but albeit not at the same level as '23 and more volume coming through because you're going to have up to 10 biosimilars in the market for the full year. So we would expect to see more of a volume impact in '24 that we would expect to see in '23.
Rob Michael: Chris, this is Rob. I'll take your first question. I think for modeling purposes, I would expect operating margins stay roughly at this level in '24 and then begin expanding again in with our return to robust sales growth. I think the pace of that expansion will depend on investment needs as we will always prioritize R&D and SG&A investment to drive long-term growth but that's the best way to think through '24 and then what the operating margin will look like in '25 and beyond.
Rob Michael: And Trung [ph], this is Rob. In terms of international prices, I mean, typically, we see year-over-year decline of low to mid-single digits and that's the way we're modeling it for '23 as well.
Rob Michael: Jeff, this is Rob. Just to add to that. So if you just look at this year, so about half of the erosion is going to come from newer markets like Puerto Rico, Canada and Mexico. So that, as Rick mentioned, we have different waves. And so you're still seeing some of those waves come through. You also have some volume going to new agents like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, right? So that's something to keep in mind that that's a dynamic that's also playing out for HUMIRA in those markets. And then you typically see negative price trends in international markets, again, low to mid-single digits. So you're going to see some level of pressure there. So those are all factoring into the year-over-year on international HUMIRA something to make sure you're keeping in mind.
Rob Michael: Simon, this is Rob. I'll take your first question. So when we give guidance, we typically give approximate assumptions and we do use point estimates. We don't typically give product level range. So it has been our practice. So we said approximately 37% erosion for U.S. HUMIRA. We have confidence in that number, obviously. But I think in terms of the pushes and pulls, it's really going to be about volume erosion, right? I think that's -- if you think over the course of the year, we made assumptions around volume erosion. We have good visibility of the price. Now it's a question of what will the volume erosion look like? And obviously, as we go through the year, we'll update you on that.
Rob Michael: This is Rob. I'll take the question on net leverage. So the 2x is -- think about it as our sustainable target. So as long as there's a path back to net leverage of 2x, could take us in some cases, it could take 2 to 3 years to get back to that. But as long as there's a path, a very clear path to get back to net leverage of 2x, that's the best way to think about how we would evaluate it.
Rob Michael: It's Roopal. I'll take those. So for the ISV that you referenced, we have that in Europe and I think you're talking about the ASH data, overall survival. There as it clears couple of years is 0.5% or less and the PFS still stays low. At this time, we're not submitting here at the FDA. They would like to see a little more prospective data in another trial setting. So that's the hype. On 951, this is interesting on the competitors you bring up. So the when you run these patients in, you could have discontinuation rates. And if you include them or not include them, it's going to impact what happens post run in. So for example, when you see our data set, we count the run-in discontinuation and post run-in as you get into the main part of the trial. So you see that in the 20 percentile range or so. And that's fairly consistent with what you would see with a subcutaneous infusion. And it's not clear to us how that data, as you're speaking about is reported. Also, we don't know if that's more than 1 injection is that 2 injections and is it rotated daily. I can tell you about 951. We have dosing exposure that gets up to DUOPA unique from DUOPA to 24 hours. It's a single injection and you can leave it in for 72 hours.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. This is Rick. So it's a good question. We've obviously heard that question. I think there's a number of dynamics that play into it. when you look at our R&D expense as a profile. One is, obviously, we have a large volume of HUMIRA revenue that requires relatively little R&D support. And so that obviously dilutes out the profile of the business. As we see biosimilar impact, obviously, there will be some impact on that as you know, our revenues were to go down. The second thing is the aesthetics business, we're funding it aggressively to grow it. But by definition, it's not that expensive to be able to fund many of those programs. So it has a much lower profile. So some of it is mix when you think about it. The second thing I'd say is we obviously fund R&D at a level that we believe we can drive productivity. And I think if you look at our productivity over the last 10 years, the data I've seen suggests we are 1 of the most productive R&D engines in the industry. Certainly, when you look at products like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, the return on those assets is tremendous. The third thing I'd say is, look, what drives R&D expense to the greatest extent is when you have large volumes of Phase III programs. And we're coming into a phase as we move forward over the next 3 or 4 years, where we have a number of programs that if they are successful, they will create a scenario where we will increase R&D. So an example of that would be our GARP program. We've seen some incredibly encouraging data out of that program thus far to next-generation immuno-oncology program. That combines with checkpoint inhibitors. And if that program continues to advance the way we see it now, we would want to expand our as our Phase II and then Phase III trials in that program significantly across the relatively broad range of solid tumors. That will require a significant increase in investment to be able to do that. So we tend to drive R&D based on programs that we have a high level of confidence can be productive and can be successful. And we don't constrain R&D in any way from that perspective. Another program will be our AbbVie program. If that program proves to deliver high rates of amyloid reduction and low REA. That will be another program that we want to rapidly move into Phase III. And so I can tell you, I'm very comfortable with the productivity we're getting out of R&D. Certainly, we will want to continue to increase that and that's 1 of our objectives. We always look at programs on the outside to bring them in. And in fact, I'd say over the last couple of years, we brought in a number of programs that are earlier stage programs. And we're fortunate from the standpoint that we have the ability to drive very strong growth, as we've indicated to investors between now and the end of this decade. We can drive high single-digit growth. We're going to return to robust growth in '25. So we're looking mostly for assets that will allow us to drive growth in that late 20s and early 30s time frame. So again, as those mature and they're successful and they go into later-stage development programs, they will drive further need for investment.
Rick Gonzalez: Chris, this is Rick. Let me talk a little bit about HUMIRA and the trough. We're 2 weeks into the biosimilar activity. So it's a little difficult to give you precise predictions or 2024. I think the way to think about HUMIRA going forward is what we would expect is the most significant impact on HUMIRA is going to be price. And obviously, we're trying to predict going forward what that price will look like. Certainly, as we look at this year, the most significant impact is clearly price. So that's more predictable because we obviously know what the pricing is in the contracts that we've put together. And so I think that's something that we have a high level of confidence. There will be further pressure on price as we move into '24 and there'll probably be further pressure on volume in '24d. But I would say, at the end of '24, I would expect HUMIRA to start to develop a more stable tail of revenue. It will still have some pressure as we move in '25 but '25 and '26 is where we should see that more stable tail for HUMIRA emerge. And that's 1 of the things that allows us to be able to see the underlying growth from the growth platform. So a number of things happen between '23 and '24 and then '25 as we move forward. As you mentioned in your second comment, we would certainly expect that the U.S. economy will start to recover in '24. It may recover earlier than that. And if it does, that would be great. We don't want to put a plan together to assume that because obviously, that's difficult for us to predict. But I think we would all expect that 24 will see a recovery in the U.S. economy. And we would fully expect for the aesthetics business to return back to historical growth rates very quickly when that happens. And so that will be another opportunity for that business to be able to grow. And then I would say Imbruvica is the other key issue for us. as we move forward. We would expect the majority of the erosion that we see on Imbruvica will occur this year and there will be less downward pressure as we move to '24. So that's what allows the growth to be able to come up. What I would tell you even though I don't want to make a; prediction in '24 of what HUMIRA will look like. I think we have a high level of confidence that we have the ability if the erosion curve looks like how we've modeled it now between '23 and '24 that we have the ability to be able to have the growth platform and go through that. So we can absorb that impact. And so far, like I said, it's early on but I'd say so far, we're comfortable with how things are playing out. Rob, anything you want to add on the first question and Carrie, maybe you can give a little more color.
Rick Gonzalez: And on deal capacity, we obviously look at business development based on what we believe are -- we're trying to accomplish strategically in each of the therapeutic areas that we're operating in. we identify areas that we think would be good opportunities for us and then we look to see if we can find those kinds of assets. As I mentioned before, I think we're in the fortune of a position that we can drive very strong growth. with the assets that we have on the market today as well as what's coming out of our pipeline over the next 3 or 4 years. That gives us the ability to be able to return to growth and then drive that high single-digit growth through the end of the decade. And we're also fortunate that after HUMIRA, we have a -- relative to our peers, we have a very low LOE [ph] exposure. So we don't have a lot of downward pressure on the business. Now having said that, we've done an excellent job of paying down the incremental debt from the Allergan transaction, we put that $2 billion cap in place when we did the Allergan acquisition that allowed us to focus again on some earlier-stage assets. And I'd remind everyone that was about 4x what our historical practice has been for those kinds of assets. So there was plenty of capacity to do that. But we're certainly in a position now that if the right thing were to come along, we could do a transaction that would be much larger. We certainly have the financial wherewithal to be able to do that. And we've certainly shown that we were able to do that and create value in the assets that we bring in. The areas that we typically look at are aligned with our therapeutic growth areas. So immunology, oncology, certain areas of neuroscience and eye care, I would say, are the predominant areas as well as aesthetics. We obviously continue to look for opportunities in the states. They tend to be smaller acquisitions, though. And so at the end of the day, I feel good about where we are and we've been quite active. We have a very active business development group. And we'll continue to look at those. And like I said, we find something that's of interest and it could really help us round out a category that we're in, then you should expect us to act on that.
Rick Gonzalez: Maybe just let me add 1 thing that might help clarify it. I think you should think about HUMIRA in '24. We believe we're going to get to a certain level of price and volume in '24, almost regardless of what happens in 2013 because of the competitive dynamic. And so when we talk about the shift, what we're really talking about is inflating '23. If you anchor '24 is a solid point that we have a high level of confidence of where HUMIRA's tail will be in '24. And the only thing that happens to shift it between '23 and '24 is that we do much better in '23 than we expected, right? So that inflates but it still anchors against the '24 point [ph]. That's the way to think about this.
Rick Gonzalez: And then on pharma, this is Rick. Obviously, every year, we evaluate any kind of significant investment that we're going to make. And we make a decision as to whether or not we believe that investment is appropriate and is going to have the right level of return at that point in time. And ultimately, we made the decision around pharma based on that. We have a very significant government affairs group that's been active and been in place ever since we came into existence. Back in 2013, we've grown that organization. We did grow it somewhat this year as well in anticipation of not being part of pharma. We plan on being active as we have been in the past to try to appropriately advocate for things that we think are appropriate for patients. And I think that group is quite capable of being able to do that. And I would tell you that at a point in the future, we might decide to go back into pharma. But at this point, we've made the decision that we think that investment could be used elsewhere to be more effective. It's as simple as that.
Rick Gonzalez: So I think on the HUMIRA tail, just to maybe clarify what I said is I would expect that as we move through 2024 then in 2025 and 2026, we would start to see a more stable tail for HUMIRA. In other words, we're going to see erosion in 2024. I want to make sure I didn't somehow communicate that, that wasn't the case. So if you look at OUS, I think what's probably deceiving to you is you had different countries going biosimilar at different periods in time. So you can't necessarily look at that as an analog because it's so heterogeneous in the year that those countries went biosimilars. So you are correct. Yes, it is still experiencing double-digit decline but it's been driven by the fact that those countries have not -- some of those countries haven't reached stability yet. But typically -- and the U.S. market is a little different because you have all a large number -- you have a small number of large payers who drive the bulk of the activity in this market. So, it's more like some of the countries that did other kinds of government-wide activity, like in Germany as an example. And there, we do see after a couple of years, we've seen stability. So I think what's misleading you is you're looking at the overall number but you're not factoring into that, the fact that these countries went biosimilar across a number of years.
Rick Gonzalez: I think on your third question, again, what tends to drive our BD strategy is the long-term strategic road map that we put in place across the branch. So if you think about it, you mentioned immunology as an example. I would say in immunology, we have 2 fundamental objectives that we're trying to drive. There are still areas within immunology, where we believe we can significantly raise the effectiveness of the therapies that are used on patients to drive higher levels of remission or higher levels of endoscopic healing. In other words, better clinical outcomes within the areas that we're in. And so we have a tremendous amount of effort in those areas to bring next-generation assets or as Tom mentioned in his comments, there are opportunities to potentially combine 2 mechanisms together to achieve that level of therapeutic benefit. But then we look outside those areas at the adjacencies. And we look for where are the opportunities for us to be able to bring in either an existing mechanism or something we can either develop within our own discovery group or something that we can acquire on the outside as a mechanism that we don't currently have. But we tend to look for where there are areas of large unmet needs and relatively significant patient populations. So, I use 2 examples to illustrate. Vitiligo. Vitiligo is a disease that's very prevalent. There aren't good therapeutic options in it today at all. We do believe there are mechanisms that will allow you to effectively treat vitiligo. If those are effective, that could be a very significant opportunity overtime. Alopecia is another good example of that. So that's how we focus BD in these areas. That's not to say we would never look at a more much opportunity or an orphan opportunity but I wouldn't say orphan is something that is core to our strategy.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. I'll take the first one, it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. No, we did not see material incremental pressure on the gross to net -- we did see a little softening versus our expectation on the overall preventative marketplace but it was quite modest. So no, fairly consistent trending. I mean if you look at our new prescription capture and the oral market, it's basically a 50-50 shared capture rate between ourselves and the major competitor. In terms of the Vraylar adoption trend, we had discussed previously because we really have very, very strong access for Vraylar that we would anticipate a pretty rapid inflection in adoption for the depression indication, the adjunctive depression indication. As I mentioned in my remarks, that's what we've seen. So we're quite encouraged. I mean we can see a significant trend break on the new prescription adoption versus what was already a very nice growth rate for the bipolar 1 indication. So I think the early dynamics and again, it's only really been a month here in January where our sales force has been out promoting the new indication. We're quite encouraged in terms of the market response, both from the metrics in terms of IQVIA, the scripts we see but also the qualitative feedback from the customers.
Jeff Stewart: And Chris, it's Jeff. I'll maybe kick off on your immunology question and then ask Tom to comment on some dynamics as well. So it is very, very clear that certainly in the midterm, the most excitement across these immunology categories are for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. It's quite striking. And I think Tom mentioned there's still incredible interest in a next wave of dermatologic indications that follow on for atopic dermatitis that he highlighted. And really, as I noted in my remarks, I mean, the amount of excitement around the IL-23 and particularly our IL-23 across these indications is really profound. Now having said that, we are watching the competitive landscape for some maybe potentially some novel orals. We don't see them as major players. As we look deeper in the pipeline, we can see that there is the possibility for combination use of novel biologics or biomarker-driven approaches, particularly in IBD. And we monitor those very carefully as we look at our long-range plan. And Tom, I don't know if you want to address some of the things that are back in our pipeline in terms of immunology.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, I'll take the one on the immunology marketplace. I think that the impact overall in the category for net price would be modest. And I think a lot of it has to do what Tom and I've discussed before which is the -- just the pure profile of some of these agents particularly SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and either others in the pipeline that are coming. I mean they really are setting different standards of care versus what they've seen in the past. And certainly, the physicians and the payers are recognizing this. I'll give a really quick example on 1 of our major products which is RINVOQ. I mean RINVOQ, based on the label changes that have taken place is already a post-TNF type of dynamic. And so the pricing is going to be the pricing there's no incremental ability to step it, for example. The other thing I would note is on SKYRIZI, we have 4 head-to-head trials against all the major competitors and another one coming with Otezla, as Tom noted. So you start to see that level of performance, whether it's against STELARA, multiple TNFs. Otezla, as I said, that's pending here. And it just becomes very clear that you're just going to achieve much higher levels of clearance and relief. So we feel pretty confident that the pricing impact over time, particularly in the U.S. market will be very modest. And certainly, we can navigate that based on the power of the performance of the portfolio.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take the first one there in terms of the EU. We do see some movement there, particularly in the, let's say, industry tax and I'll comment on the so-called VPaaS [ph] in the U.K. In some ways, whether or not we were in that voluntary program or outside of the voluntary program, the impact is about the same. And frankly, it was a policy decision because we really think that the U.K. government needs to reform that VPaaS. They didn't plan properly for how things might dynamically evolve in the U.K. and it's a very substantial part of the revenue now that is causing problems, I think, across all of the company. So it was a position of policy position, net neutral. It didn't matter, frankly, whether we were in or not and the U.K. is a relatively modest business for us. We are seeing perhaps more importantly, some changes in the German law, as you're probably aware of. And that is, I think, a modest net pressure that will come in Europe in Germany, in particular, because there's the move, as you may know, from 1 year of free pricing to 6 months. There's a modest increase in rebates, for example. So we do see some austerity impact. But on the bigger scheme, it's -- I wouldn't say it's material to our growth platform that we've been discussing.
Jeff Stewart: And if you look at the STELARA dynamic with the biosimilar, I think there's a couple of dynamics that we're watching. And it does go back to my prior comments over the clinical differentiation. The first is that there will be less biosimilar competitive intensity against STELARA. Certainly, we've not seen anything like the 9 that we were -- 9 or 10 [ph] that we're going to see on HUMIRA. And so -- and that price point is quite high actually. If you look at where Stellar is now with the branded program. Now I think maybe more importantly, as we've highlighted before, we've anticipated that entry. And certainly, in Crohn's, we have an ongoing head-to-head trial against STELARA that will read out towards the end of the year. We plan on putting that into promotion if and we believe it will be positive, particularly what we're studying which is that endoscopic endpoint which is really becoming the standard in the gastroenterology space. So we think we can carry quite well with the ultimate arrival of that IL -- the 12/23 [ph] versus our Pure '23. So I hope that helps.
Jeff Stewart: Just to build on that. When we look at the valuation of, for example, that indication or HS or alopecia which again are those derm oriented indications that will follow on pretty quickly in the middle of the decade on top of atopic dermatitis. We do exactly what Rick highlighted. We will segment the patients based on the body surface area. We know that the topicals will be important for a certain percentage of population. For example, if it's maybe highly located to the face, that might be more appropriate, at least as the first course of action. But we do believe that in almost all indications that we've looked at for RINVOQ, it just performs exceptionally well in the clinic. And we would anticipate that as well above a base case scenario. Perfect example is Crohn's disease. There will not be another JAK inhibitor in Crohn's disease for the United States just because they just don't work. And you have spectacular results with the selective JAK with RINVOQ. So We take that all into that competitive context all into our calculations as we look forward to return for those future derm indications.
Jeff Stewart: And it's Jeff. On your comment on AMGEVITA, the range of pricings that were released were not really a surprise. There's been some external thoughts that this is of interest where there were 2 different AMGEVITAs, 1 high WACC and on low WACC. But again, we've seen this across very different categories and studied it very carefully, as you would expect. So we've seen variably priced WACC products in our own HCV market with authorized generics from competitors. We've seen it in the diabetes space across multiple competitors, including biosimilar competitors. And certainly, with the -- with Amgen and the other segments of their own business. They were often moving around the list prices as well. So all in all, within the range that we would expect from Amgen. Yes.
Tom Hudson: Sure. I mean I think the -- I just want to start saying that with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ really raised the bar in terms of efficacy and you see it in mucosal healing, for example. So the bar is getting higher and we will continue to do that. But even to show that we're raising the bar, we're also going to do -- we're going to read out head-to-head studies this year with STELARA and Otezla. So another way to kind of show that what we have is really very profound in terms of responses we're seeing with patients. And we continue -- I mean, honestly, we look at the field. We look at competitors. We're hearing data of S1P1 inhibitors but the data appears to be less effective based on a number of patients which are discontinuing treatment and the signals that we see cardiovascular and others that are similar to what we've seen with previous ones. So I mean, again, without having seen the data, it's all difficult to kind of predict how they'll be able to do accept that our data with RINVOQ and SKYRIZI are very strong, durable and again, very strong at the level of endoscopy also. So we think we have already a competitive edge. We continue we'll see PMR data later this year. We have talked about our RIPK1 inhibitor, again, from the coal healing that's in the clinic right now. We're looking at additional indications. So over time, obviously, we're going to look at additional mechanisms. But not necessarily just pushing down on the same cytokines as JAKs but looking at other target pathways of things that happen in the scan or in GI, again, mucosal healing being an tool pathway. And this is where we think a combination of our immunomodulators like RINVOQ and SKYRIZI with other mechanisms will combine well to give even more profound responses.
Tom Hudson: This is Tom. I'll just answer about the cystic fibrosis program. Again, this program continues. And just to remind you, we're working on a triplet and where we believe that 2 of the 3 components of -- for this drug, this triplet, we have best-in-class assets. But we were looking for another part of the triple called the C2 corrector, where last year, the previous ones basically didn't give the meaningful improvement we were expecting in FEV1 sweat chloride. So we've actually, in our discovery groups, continue to develop new ones. In the last year, we've moved our ABBV-576 forward. in SAD in Phase I studies. We continue to see these, again, safety, high exposures, good PK, things that with -- if you combine with our preclinical data, makes us think it will, it has a potential to be best-in-class -- and that's triplet again with -- is -- first of all, to being tested, we'll have data this year to actually show how they behave together. And later at this part of this year, I'll be able to give an update.
Tom Hudson: If I can just continue with. I mean, we will have readouts for our Phase II study this year and we've mostly been looking at those cases where there's more extensive body coverage disease -- or the face. So I think it would be a different -- it's a much better to take an oral than a cream when you actually have significant body coverage. Again, we'll see the data, we will report on another quarter call. Thank you, Robin, for the second question. Yes, TGF-beta is a known tumor suppressive pathway and people have tried to drug it to increase the response to immunotherapies. The first-generation TGF-beta because the target is so many parts of the body, you actually have effects, the cardiovascular effects having related to the TGF-beta activity in some of the endothelial cells in the valves and so on of the heart. Here, we're using GARP as our target. GARP is actually a receptor for TGF-beta that's called latent inactive that GARP sound only on Treg cells, a little bit on some fiber some store sales but it's not some in the heart or other tissues. That's what gives us our safety profile and the ability to causing a suppression on Treg cells found in tumor cells as opposed to other places in the body. So that we felt from the beginning was the attribute we needed to go to target this pathway would be something that will be tumor selective and that's what we've been able to see so far.
Tom Hudson: Tumors. So in our -- initially, we focused on tumors. So this pathway is found on almost every solid tumor has some subset tumors which express TGF-beta and GARP. We started off thinking that we'd do a Phase I SAC [ph] study which we did well that we will expand. And we had picked liver and bladder because we saw a lot of TGF-beta pathway in those indications. And we also -- although we knew there was 7 CRC, we saw in patients in our Phase I study which were unselected in terms of tumor type. We saw responses. So we've actually continued expanding studying CRC but we did see responses in liver cancer where we expected to see it based on expression of TGF-beta. We did see it in bladder cancer and we're expanding in those indications at this point. Given the fact that I said earlier that we TGF-beta in all types of tumors, both tumors called hot or cold, we're actually expanding in other tumors to get signals right now. And again, we have we'll have baskets to actually continue to explore its indication space. But right now, we're expanding when we're going to Phase II dose rating studies that's indications where we've actually seen data in our Phase I study.
