Richard Gonzalez: Jami, this is Rick. So first thank you for the complement, we're certainly pleased with how the business has been performing as well. But I think if you look at our business, we're on fortunate position on two perspectives, and I’ll talk specifically about cash and how we think about capital deployment as well. But we have a business to generate a tremendous amount of cash flow as you have highlighted and we have a business that is performing at a very high level and is capable of driving strong organic growth for the foreseeable future. So as we look at capital deployment, I can tell you our philosophy is always that the first priority for us is continuing to invest back in the business in order to make sure that we can drive long-term sustainable top-tier growth. That's the commitment that we’ve made to investors, the commitment that we've made to the organization. And so we are always looking at what we can do to be able to do that. Now if you look at our late-stage pipeline, we clearly have confidence that we can do that, but we are constantly looking at what is out there that fits our strategy both within the franchises that we operate in as well as we have a program internally, we call new horizons, where we look at other verticals that might fit what we’re good at. I would say our primary focus is looking for opportunities that can drive strong growth in that 2023, 2024, 2025 time frame that's we feel confident that we can drive growth with our late-stage pipeline ahead of that. So we're constantly looking for assets in that time frame that could help further accelerate our growth in that window. And we're looking at both early-stage assets and in fact this year, we've done a number of early-stage assets in oncology and in neuroscience. I would say those are the areas that we have focused a tremendous amount of attention on. It’s not the only places that we're looking, but it certainly is an area that's a high priority and we'll obviously look at other kinds of transactions as well, and certainly your points are valid one as our P/E has risen, it does give more flexibility to do other things. Now having said that, I would also tell you that we always look at the return that we can get out of a transaction and it has to meet our internal financial criteria or we're not willing to go down a path to acquire something that doesn't give us the kind of accretion that we're looking for and the kind of return that we're looking for. And so those are always important factors that we look at. For cash flow though, if we look at our cash generation across the next 10 years, this is a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash. And now with tax reform, we have access to that cash in a much more efficient way than we did previously. So it gives us more flexibility to be able to deal with that cash appropriately. So if we look at that cash flow and we look at what we believe our needs to be able to sustain the level of performance that we want to be able to sustain in the business, I can tell you that cash flow grows faster than what we believe those needs are. So as we've said now several times, pretax reform, if there was tax reform then we would look for a way to be able to return additional capital to shareholders. And we've been evaluating that for – actually last 45 days or so, when it became clear to us that tax reform is likely to occur. We have a proposal that we have worked up in order for us to make changes in this area. It does require board approval. I’ll come back to that here in a second. But I think you can assume we've always demonstrated a strong commitment to our dividend and growing that dividend. I think we've grown our dividend to 77% so far since we launched this new company. And so I think you can assume that what I'm describing to you would be a combination of acceleration of the dividend growth and more share buybacks. Now it obviously has been through our board. We have a board meeting scheduled in February. It is our intent, my intent to review the proposal with the board at that point. And we will make an announcement post that board meeting. So I don't want to preempt what the payout ratio would be. I would say to you that you're certainly not. What you describe here is not an illogical way of thinking about it, but beyond that I wouldn’t want to comment much, but I would say investors are going to have clarity on it in the month of February. So it's not too far off before you'll have a good idea of what we're describing.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes, so I'll take the HCV question. There was no stocking for MAVYRET inside the U.S. or outside the U.S. As far as price OUS, price outside the United States is basically negotiated country-by-country. It's done usually against some benchmark. And how you compare against that benchmark and so each country is different. We have gotten reimbursement in many of the larger European countries and we've done quite well. So Germany is an example. We have the number one position in Germany. We have the number one position in Spain. We won the tender in the UK. We have the number one position now in Italy. We have launched in Japan. So Japan has approval and we are ramping rapidly in Japan. The one large country that we have not gotten reimbursement yet is France. That is forthcoming. But I'd say the bulk of the countries were in the process or either have reimbursement and have launched or in the process of getting reimbursement and we'll launch once we have that reimbursement.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. So I’ll take HCV, and then Mike can take the second, and Bill can take the third. So HCV, if we look at the market in the U.S., looking at the two parameters we are describing, one is treatment volumes. We continue to see treatment volumes ebb and flow a bit, but I'd say generally we are assuming treatment volumes tail off a bit. We saw some of that over the holidays. It's a little difficult to predict whether or not it was more holiday driven, but I’d say it's down 5% to 8% from where it was prior. And this has been something that has moved around a little bit over time. I would agree that it is our expectation that the volume should stabilize going forward. But I'd also say that there could be some single-digit kind of pressure, downward pressure. We obviously priced the product where we described it in the public channel market at the level that the current pricing was and we have maintained that pricing going forward. We have been seeking parity contracts – non-exclusive contracts with the payers. And therefore, pricing has not been a big issue for us. So I would expect and hope price stability going forward.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay. On VENCLEXTA, I think what you’re describing is an important phenomenon. So IMBRUVICA does have roughly about 70% of the treated population in relapsed/refractory today. We would not expect the patients will be – well maintained patients will be taken off of IMBRUVICA. So as those patients were to fail or progress then they would be given other treatment options and we would expect based on the data that VENCLEXTA will get a significant piece of that business and of that patient population. So by definition it means that it will be a bit more gradual as it grows because there'll be this trade-off between IMBRUVICA's current position. Obviously, roughly 30% of those patients that are on some other kind of treatment today. There are some of those patients that are on treatment at all, which aren’t represented in that number. Some of those will progress. So it's a mix of all those things. But I would expect VENCLEXTA will ramp based on the available population within that population will ramp within that fairly quickly, but then over time it will be the progression of those patients going forward that become available.
Richard Gonzalez: Yes. On the long-term guidance and the tax benefit, obviously we would expect the tax benefit to be able to flow through over time. Now there's an interrelationship between what you would do from an M&A standpoint. So if you were to acquire something, that had a significant R&D burn going forward just like we did as an example with Stemcentrx and risankizumab, obviously you would dial in those R&D expenses. But I would say generally speaking, you should view the tax benefit as an incremental benefit that we flow through.
Michael Severino: No, I think you covered it, Rick. Certainly there's a huge unmet medical need and the data that we've shown publicly with Rova-T from the early-stage studies show clear activity. So our plans remain unchanged for making good progress with the TRINITY study in third-line or greater. We'll see those data in the second quarter and we will progression there, and our plan remains to file following those data, and the remainder of the program continues to progress as well. Phase III randomized studies in earlier lines of therapy, the I-O combo studies we're doing in partnership with BMS and the BASKET study in particular.
Michael Severino: And so with respect to SELECT-COMPARE, that study remains blinded. I think what might be causing some confusion about an October 2017 data is that study has two components, traditional response based on ACR and DAS measures, and then a longer term structural component of that program, looking for innovation of structural progression, and the study remains blinded until that structural component is complete. And so those data will be coming in the first half of this year and that's when we would unblind the study and that's when we would talk about the safety profile of that study in individual. Overall across the program, we continue to feel good about the safety profile we've observed. We see a profile that's very consistent with our expectations both for this molecule and for a molecule that we treat, the sorts of diseases where upadacitinib is being developed.
Michael Severino: Okay, this is Mike. With respect to upadacitinib and atopic dermatitis, we feel very good about those data. And we think that the Breakthrough Therapy Designation reflects clearly the degree of activity that we've shown today and so we are currently actively designing that Phase III program. The Breakthrough Therapy Designation program has in our mind has been very successful and is very helpful because what it gives you is a lot of direct interaction with the FDA, including very senior members of the FDA that you wouldn't typically have access to at the current stage of development program. So we're having those conversations now. I think it is very reasonable to assume that those conversations are going to inform, the Phase III program for upadacitinib in atopic dermatitis. That is very helpful to us in designing the program that will lead to registration in the U.S. Of course, we are also going to design a program that leads to registration in other jurisdictions around the world and all that work is currently underway. So we'll start those studies as we said in the first half of this year and as we get a little bit closer to study start, we'll be able to talk to you a bit more about what that program is going to look like.
Michael Severino: Regarding the question with respect to VENCLEXTA and past to front-line. So we have actually two studies already underway in the front-line setting. One in the younger, more fit patient population, one in an older patient population with more comorbid illnesses on average. Those studies all look at combinations, combinations with CD20s like GAZYVA or RITUXAN. And there are, in some of those studies, VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA combination arms as well. So we're exploring multiple combinations in the front-line already.
Michael Severino: And with respect to 414, that's our antibody drug conjugate in glioblastoma multiforme, so primary brain cancer. That's in our front-line study right now. That study has overall survival as a primary endpoint. So we would be sufficient to support approval, obviously based on the results. That study is an event driven trial. So we can't predict the exact time when that would read out, but we'd expect to have more information from that front-line study sometime next year. End of Q&A
William Chase: Steve, this is Bill. I think you should just model that pretty much a straight line linear. It really does not impact any one-year more than others. So for modeling purposes, I just pretty much straight line it linearly.
William Chase: Chris, on price volume, as I said in my comments for the quarter, the 15% growth, I think you just think of 10% volume, the remainder being priced. As you look at 2018, where we got a projection of 13% to 14% growth in the U.S. year-over-year that we still expect that mid single-digit price range to stick, which would then imply a volume of high single-digits.
William Chase: And Geoff on the balance sheet, look we are pretty comfortable with our balance sheet, right now we've got as Rick said robust cash flow. We're blessed with a LRP that has very, very robust growth on the topline and obviously the bottom line. So we will have a natural deleveraging just by virtue of the fact that the business is growing very rapidly. Therefore, our number one priority would not be to take down the absolute amount of leverage we have. You may see us as we have a maturity, take that maturity out obviously to the extent that it's wise to do, but our number one priority would not be to take the overall leverage down. We think we have adequate capacity to pursue any M&A of the magnitude that we'd be looking at in the near-term. And as Rick said, our cash balances are going to grow pretty fast on top of that, so I think we're in pretty good shape from a balance sheet standpoint.
William Chase: Yes. So I think from a business perspective over that five-year period you should think of the cash rate looking very similar to that rate. Obviously, the one discrepancy or exception to that would be the fact that we will be paying off our $4.5 billion payable over eight years and some of that’s backend loaded and given that we've taken that charge at 2017. The cash flow will be hitting in the next five years, so that’s one area that would be a little different. But other than that over the five-year period [indiscernible] pretty close.
