Rob Michael: Chris, this is Rob. So if you think about atopic dermatitis, it’s a $3 billion global market with very strong growth potential. In our 2025 risk adjusted guidance of greater than $10 billion for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, we included $1 billion of revenue for RINVOQ AD, but we feel pretty good that we can achieve that expectation.
Rob Michael: And Chris, this is Rob again. Just to clarify, I said exceed or achieve, but we expect to exceed that $1 billion risk-adjusted number for RINVOQ AD in 2025.
Rob Michael: Vamil, It’s Rob. So based on a very high level of information on the Biden proposal, we would see an increase in our tax rate like most U,S, companies, but it’s really difficult to provide a rate impact without the details. That said, AbbVie would still have a favorable profile versus our peers and we wouldn’t have raised our dividend if we were overly concerned about the implications.
Rob Michael: Hey. Steve, this is Rob. On your question on interest expense, for non-GAAP and GAAP, it’s the same number. It’s $620 million in the third quarter. We are no longer specifying any interest expense, because we have now closed the transaction, so that negative carry on the bond is no longer is applicable for the specified. So $620 million is the number for both non-GAAP and GAAP. On the U.S. HUMIRA question, so we did not change our guidance, it continues to be 8 -- for the U.S. HUMIRA 8% growth with a low single-digit price contribution.
Rob Michael: Yeah. We are at about 60% molecule share across the Board. So that’s of all of the international markets, on average, it’s about 60% molecule share.
Rob Michael: And David, this is Rob. I will answer your question on cash flow, so if you look at AbbVie and Allergan in 2019 on a combined basis, generated about $19 billion almost $20 billion of operating cash flow. CapEx runs close to $1 billion, and so if you look at this year, again, we have a partial year of Allergan, we are probably trending towards the $16 billion operating cash flow number with a little bit less than $1 billion of CapEx. So you need to annualize that and also consider the fact that we are going to generate earnings growth going forward, but that should give you a good number to work with.
Rob Michael: Hey. Terence, this is Rob. I will take your question on synergies. So while we are not providing guidance for 2021 today. I think a good way to think about the expense synergies is to run rate the $600 million in partial year synergies, which gets to about $1 billion. And then, as you think about that ramp to greater than $2 billion by 2022, I think it’s reasonable to straight line that. So if you think about what’s going to drive the ramp? It’s things like systems integration, leveraging procurement spend, will result in more synergies over time, as well as network optimization. In the near-term, it’s really driven more from immediate redundancies like corporate infrastructure and R&D portfolio optimization. As it relates to the revenue synergies, look, as we have now had a few months with the combined company, we see opportunities as we think about investment in aesthetics, where we have really amped up our DTC investment for JUVÉDERM and BOTOX cosmetic, it give o the ability to invest more in aesthetics. Similarly, invest more in neuroscience, whether that’s VRAYLAR, BOTOX therapeutic. And then we look internationally given the infrastructure we have, the integrated brand team approach, we think there’s opportunity to really leverage our market access capability, our international affiliate structure to really drive that international growth for the company going forward for those Allergan brands as well.
Rob Michael: Yeah. Josh, so on the SKYRIZI royalty, well, keep in mind that we account for this as a business combination, so it comes through consideration so you don’t see it on a non-GAAP P&L. We don’t disclose our royalty rates but a good way to think about it is reasonable royalty you would pay for a late-stage asset is probably a good way to think about what the royalty burn would be on -- the cash royalty burn will be on SKYRIZI.
Rick Gonzalez: And the only other thing I’d add is, I think atopic derm is a market very similar to several others, in fact, psoriasis, I would say, is a similar type of market. But as you get more competitors in the market driving promotion, it has a very large population of patients. So the question is, activating those patients and getting them to go into the physician’s offices to seek treatment. And so, obviously, when you have one company doing that, they have the capacity to drive a certain amount. When you have more than one company, you are doubling or tripling the amount of promotion activity, particularly here in the U.S. and that tends to activate more patients to seek treatment. I think if you looked at the total available market of patients who would qualify, it’s a huge market, it’s north of $5 billion easily. So the question is, how fast can you activate them and how broadly can you activate those patients? From a profile standpoint of our drug, I think we will compete quite effectively, and I think, in particular, the performance around itch is going to give us an advantage. So it’s a very attractive market and it’s certainly one that we will focus a lot of attention on to drive.
Rick Gonzalez: So, Geoff, this is Rick. I think if you look at the business, you have to look at it in phases, right? So I’d say the phase between now and call it 2025, 2026. That growth is going to be driven by expansion of RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, continued strong growth in the neuroscience pipeline, continued strong growth in the aesthetics pipeline and continued strong growth in the hem/onc. Starting in that 2025 timeframe and beyond, that’s where the earlier to mid-stage pipeline will drive a significant amount of growth. Now there will be assets like Navitoclax, like 951, atogepant, that will come in prior to that and help boost growth right around ‘23 and ‘24. But I can tell you, we are very confident that we have now built a portfolio that can sustain growth and drive growth on the other side of the LOE. In fact, I would tell you that, when I look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, and I look at the in-play market shares that we see with those assets today, when we gave guidance of 2025, we assumed that on average, we would achieve high single-digit market share across the indications. So as an example, if you look at SKYRIZI right now, SKYRIZI’s in-play share is 33%, the market leader by a wide margin. The next closest product is at 16% in-play share. And its TRX share is now at 11% and climbing rapidly. So it’s already above what we had assumed the peak would have been out in 2025 from a market share standpoint. And if we maintain that 33% by then, it will have an overall share of about 33%, so it will be three times what we had assumed for psoriasis. So when you look at the speed at which we are bringing the new indications, when you look at the breadth of those indications across the revenue base that HUMIRA has today, we have covered all of the major indications for HUMIRA plus one more that HUMIRA doesn’t have, which is atopic derm. And if we can achieve that kind of market share in each of these indications, then we will obviously double what we assumed that 2025 number was and that gets you pretty close to covering all of HUMIRA in the U.S. So I am very encouraged about that. And I think that, along with the other assets and the four major growth platforms, gives us a tremendous amount of confidence that we can drive growth on a sustainable basis at a very high level.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. Well, Vamil, obviously, it’s still unclear as to what the landscape will be on the other side of the election, so we obviously have to let that play out. Having said that, I think, we assume that there will be continued pressure on the industry as it relates to drug pricing. As far as what our expectations would be in 2021, I think our expectations in 2021 from a price standpoint will be similar to what they were in ‘19 and ‘20, and is we weren’t reliant on price. I mean, fortunately our business is primarily a volume-driven business. It’s typically in areas that are very serious diseases and have strong value propositions. And so that gives me confidence that we will be able to fare reasonably well even if there are changes. I’d say the second thing is, it’s unlikely that you will get changes that have a significant impact early on in ‘21, because there’s going to be a lot of debate here about what those changes are. What I would hope the debate ultimately transitions to is co-pays and out-of-pocket costs for patients, because that is the fundamental issue and it’s particularly the issue when you look at Part D patients. They have to pay far too much of the burden of the cost from an out-of-pocket cost standpoint. And they are really the only group of patients in the U.S. that have that kind of burden associated with them. If you look at the overall performance from a cost standpoint of Medicare Part D. It’s performed very well. In fact, if you go back to the original CBO estimates over the last 10 years, it’s come in 45% below the original estimates for what it would grow. And if you look at Part D, it’s grown at about the rate of other healthcare services inflation, not significantly higher. And so the affordability problem is really around those co-pays. We have to drive those co-pays.  And then I think the other thing that has to be played in here is, I would hope as this debate goes on, they are going to look very carefully at our industry and the value of our industry both from a societal standpoint, as well as an economic standpoint and this is tremendously value industry. Just look at what we have done as an industry as it relates to this pandemic, whether you are talking about vaccines or you are talking about therapeutics, look at what we have done in advancements with cancer. And then from an economic standpoint, this industry supports directly or indirectly 4 million jobs in the United States, typically high paying jobs. It produces a tremendous amount of economic output for the U.S. And so it’s an industry that you don’t want to damage in the process and I think that has to be part of the debate. But the short answer to your question is, I think, you should -- we should -- we are not assuming we will get a lot of benefit from price in ‘21. We are also not assuming that across that year we would see a significant change that would have a dramatic impact on that calendar year. Tax reform was your next question.
Rick Gonzalez: And the only thing I’d add, Vamil, on that one is, we obviously did flex what we thought the tax rate could be and we just don’t know that much about it, we know what has been said. But we flexed it against this dividend increase and made sure we were absolutely comfortable with payout ratios based on that and we are or we wouldn’t have moved forward with the 10.2% increase.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. So, Steve, I will handle your first question. Rob will handle two and three, and Mike can handle number four. So if you look at the in-play share, about 25% of that in-play share is coming -- on SKYRIZI is coming from HUMIRA. The other 75% is coming from competitors. I’d say it’s primarily the 17s but some coming from the other 12, 23s or 23s, but I’d say the bulk of it is coming from the 17s. So that might answer your question about COSENTYX. If you look at the capture of the type of patient that we are getting with SKYRIZI, it’s very balanced. It’s about 50/50 between first-line and then second-line. So that’s a nice balance between IE patients and patients who have failed other therapies. So I think the asset is performing the way you would expect a high-performing, high-efficacy asset to be able to perform, is -- it has quickly become the preferred product by prescribing physicians. It has a great profile. It’s quarterly dosing. It’s got great efficacy. The efficacy improves over time. There aren’t any assets that have that kind of a profile on the market. So I would expect that SKYRIZI will continue to increase its in-play share. It’s jumped about 3 points over the last maybe two months and I would expect it will continue to increase.
Rick Gonzalez: And I think that’s an important point to make here. If we look at VRAYLAR, VRAYLAR is growing very rapidly. And as you know, the atypical anti-psychotic market is very, very large. I think VRAYLAR’s share is something like 3% and it’s tracking at $1.4 billion at 3%. So if we look at the current indications, as we indicated in the comments, of bipolar and schizophrenia, we think we can drive VRAYLAR alone in those indications to a multi-billion dollar product and that’s just driving that market share penetration up to like 5% or so. And I think that’s very doable based on the profile of VRAYLAR. VRAYLAR has a very unique profile in that market. So MDD, if we are successful, obviously, will open up a whole other channel and allow you to increase that market share even more significantly. And so typically, many of the drugs that achieved MDD were drugs that had $5 billion, $6 billion of annual revenues. So this is a nice opportunity. Without MDD, VRAYLAR is still going to be a very important product and a very significant product. With MDD, it becomes a major product. And so we will see how those next two studies play out. The first study was positive and I think we are hopeful that we will be able to get it.
Rick Gonzalez: So on the unemployment, we did identify back, I guess, it was in the first quarter call, that we were going to build in a level of risk associated with patients who would have to move to some type of an assistance program, because they lost their jobs. We have not seen that impact play out to any significant level. We have not seen it in our patient assistance program and right around the pandemic we made a decision to proactively go out and advertise our patient assistance program just to make sure that patients knew that if they couldn’t afford their AbbVie drugs that they could get them from us. So I think we proactively tried to drive it in an effort to make sure that patients were not exposed, but we haven’t seen very much at all. We still have some coverage left in the fourth quarter for it. But I’d say at this point, I think, we are questioning whether or not we are going to see it. Now, I can’t tell you exactly why. But I can tell you we are monitoring it carefully and it’s definitely not happening, at least in our business, because we would see it in the patient assistance program. On BOTOX migraine, if you actually look at what is happening with patients on BOTOX migraine, when the injectable CGRPs came into the market, you did see a tick down in patients, but then BOTOX recovered. And it has roughly the same number of patients that it had back then. It’s slightly lower than it had back then. So what the CGRPs ended up doing was expanding the market to some extent. And we are seeing a very similar phenomenon on the acute therapies as well. If you look at the scripts, the NBRxs for the acute CGRPs, you can see that it’s actually almost doubling every quarter the number of patients. In the last quarter, it was about 90,000 to 100,000 NBRxs. So I think these assets can significantly expand the market. I think two-thirds of our patients are patients that have switched on the acute, have switched from triptans to our agent and one-third of them are naive patients that we are bringing into the category. And again, that’s all about making it visible to patients who have this condition so that they go to their physician and ask for the therapy. It’s all about building markets essentially. And so I think one of the things these assets will do is they will expand the market. Now, I think as you expand the market, obviously BOTOX therapeutics, some of those patients will ultimately if they don’t get the kind of relief that they are looking for on an injectable CGRP or the acute therapy, they would eventually probably try injectable BOTOX. So we could see a little bit of growth there, but the biggest part of the growth that we are going to see in this market is from UBRELVY and ultimately atogepant. It’s a big market and I think these agents will allow us to be able to significantly expand the market and I think this is clearly a multi-billion dollar market.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. Thanks, David. I will take the first one. Rob will answer the second one for you. So if I look at long-term immunology, what’s critically important is that you have the kinds of assets that allow that managed care organization or PBM to be able to cover the greatest number of patients. This is a category where not every drug works on every patient. So you have to have multiple options that are available in the formulary and that’s just -- that is the appropriate thing to do to make sure that patients have the drugs that they need to be able to be treated. I would say, we typically do very well with formulary access. That’s driven primarily by the fact that our assets tend to be very attractive assets from a clinical profile. They establish significant market share positions and that’s important for the managed care organization or the PBM. So I don’t see anything significantly impacting that going forward. I would assume we will maintain very high levels of formulary access. Net pricing, there’s always some level of impact on pricing when you renegotiate the contracts. I don’t anticipate that you will see a significant change going forward. So I think it’s more of the normal kinds of competitive activities that we see in the marketplace.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Great. On IBD usage, if you look at the penetration, I’d say, IBD is an area where you have reasonable levels of biologic penetration, because the disease particularly Crohn’s is the disease is a pretty severe. I think the challenge in IBD is that, with the current therapies that are available, you still get sub-optimal clinical efficacy for these patients and durability of that efficacy. And so what physicians tend to do is they rotate patients through various treatments to try to maintain them in control for a longer period of time. So it is a market that is right for higher efficacy agents and a market that is right for more agents to be available to allow for better treatment of those patients and that’s the key driver in that segment of what gives significant uptake. So when we see the data around IBD that will be important for us, obviously the early data looks good. And ultimately I think these assets, along with HUMIRA, will be able to provide the market with a significant new alternative and I think that uptake will be good based on that.
Rick Gonzalez: Terence, the only thing I would add, maybe to give you some perspective on the investment side. Allergan tended to what I would describe as pulse invest in particularly DTC, but even in social media. So they didn’t -- and typically what we do with brands when we want to drive maximum speed of market penetration is we invest at a steady state and continue to do that for an extended period of time. So they might have invested heavily in one quarter and then gone dark in the next quarter and then invested again and gone dark again. We don’t use that kind of a strategy. We tend to invest for the full year. And in our experience, what that does is it gives you, the fact that you have constant coverage, gives you maximum speed of penetration. So we clearly think that’s going to be an advantage, particularly in areas like aesthetics and neuroscience.
Rick Gonzalez: I’d say on neuroscience, the way to think about it is or at least the way we are thinking about it is, there’s a significant opportunity to drive VRAYLAR to be a very large product, I mean, doubling or more depending upon the ability to get MDD. And I’d also say in migraine, when we get the full portfolio of migraine assets. The migraine market is a big market. If you look at the acute market today, it’s probably about $1.5 billion. We believe it can grow to $4 billion or $5 billion by 2025 with the right kinds of assets and the right kind of promotion. And then if you look at the preventative market, it’s about $3 billion, so we believe that one in real high-single to low-double digits with the right kinds of assets and the right kinds of promotion. So the first phase of neuroscience is nothing more than taking the assets we have now, getting atogepant to the marketplace and then we have a full portfolio of migraine products, and then maximizing the market share position of those assets in the market, that’s sort of Phase 1. But I would say now that we have infrastructure in place, Mike’s BD team has been now been starting to look at assets that would be complementary to that. And we didn’t in the past because for a single anti-psychotic, we wouldn’t have wanted to build-out the infrastructure, it just wouldn’t have made sense for us. But now we can basically add those kinds of assets to the infrastructure we have. So it does give us another opportunity from a BD standpoint to be able to build the business longer term.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. I think if you look -- Tim, this is Rick. If you look at the PE of the whole sector, obviously, the sector is under pressure from the political environment and concerns about the political environment. And you are correct, we are at the lower end of that PE and I think that is driven by uncertainty about what the growth rate will be on the other side of the LOE. What I would tell you is obviously, we have a 10-year LLP, so we know what we think that growth rate is on the other side of the LOE. And I can tell you that when I look at that growth rate, it’s robust.  Now, the market has to come around to that point of view. I’d say, we haven’t always been right, but in total revenue, we have always been right. In fact, we have always beat for the most part what our expectations were. And so we obviously challenge it pretty hard and we have knowledge of what we believe the erosion curve will look like. We have knowledge of what we think our pipeline will deliver and what the additional indications will deliver. And look, I remember there was a tremendous amount of skepticism about when we gave it was either $10 billion or $11 billion of risk adjusted revenues for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI back a year or two ago, something like that. There was a tremendous amount of skepticism, that’s impossible. I don’t hear very much of that now that these two assets are $2 billion and growing like rockets. So I’d say our ability to assess what we can do with our assets is pretty high.  Now, that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t go out and get more things and we constantly look and where we find opportunity, we will clearly go pursue those. They have to be opportunities that make sense and fit into our portfolio. You have seen us do transactions to continue to build the long-term future of our hem/onc business with Genmab and I-Mab. And those two assets combined with what VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA can continue to do, I think it is going to give us a very robust long-term performance in that franchise. I think in immunology, we are in pretty good shape between our internal pipeline both the additional indications on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and then what we have earlier on that we think will play out in a positive way. When we look at neuroscience, we just talked about that we have the ability to be able to grow that. Certainly, we are going to invest heavily in aesthetics. We have a tremendous amount of assets, new toxins that we are working on and we are going to accelerate many of those, new fillers and other kinds of opportunities that will build that aesthetics business to be able to grow rapidly. And so I feel pretty good about where we are. In fact, I’d tell you I feel very good about where we are six months into the Allergan transaction. Certainly Allergan has given us more growth as we mentioned a moment ago. When we look at neuroscience, neuroscience has clearly been I think a nice positive upside for us and one that I think we can execute very well. As far as guidance is concerned, I am not saying, we will never give guidance, but we want to give guidance when we are able to do it with a high degree of certainty. Because the last thing we want to do is provide a level of guidance that you don’t have a high degree of certainty and you know it’s going to, it has some variability to it. You probably remember, we did that on the international biosimilars and we were off by not that much, but we were off by some and the market didn’t like the fact that we were off. So you need to be awfully careful about how you provide that guidance in a way to make sure that you meet or exceed the guidance, and at the point which we have that level of confidence, we may go out with longer term guidance.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I will take your last question on clinical trial activity. The first thing that, I would say is, the increase in clinical trial activity reflects what’s going on in our pipeline and there’s a lot of activity in our pipeline, and a large number of molecules that we are advancing, and so that’s a big part of it. Another part is that, we made the conscious decision to leave decisions around enrollment in the hands of investigators rather than making them centrally, because they understand the situation in their hospital in their community better than we do. And there was a small group of studies that we paused at the time of the initial COVID impact, but the majority we allowed to continue. That doesn’t mean that there weren’t disruptions from COVID. But it does mean that investigators decided when it was time to pause enrollment and when it was time to resume enrollment.  And I think the evidence shows that they made those decisions better than they could have been made centrally. And that has allowed us to advance our portfolio, to advance our clinical trials with minimal disruption and with safe conduct for patients and the staff at the site, which are also critically important considerations. And so, I’d say, it’s a combination of those factors.
Michael Severino: Yes. On VRAYLAR MDD, we would expect to have the study’s readout in the second half of next year and be prepared for regulatory submissions shortly thereafter. So it’s possible we would have an approval in ‘22.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I will take the question about 154. So, 3373 and 154 represent our TNF steroid conjugate molecules that are in the clinic. They are very similar, similar to the extent that we view the biology as being translatable between the two. But 154 includes some improvements in linker technology that relate to manufacturability and ability to formulate at high concentration, ease of formulation. And so those can be very important advantages for a successful molecule. We previously toplined the positive results from 3373. We wanted to see that 154 gave us the PK performance and the exposure to achieve the pharmacodynamic coverage we think we need in the next stage of development. And as I said, we viewed the biology as translatable between the two. So once we saw that PK performance and it matched our expectations and showed that 154 would give us the coverage that we were seeking at acceptable doses in the clinic, we made the decision to advance that molecule into larger scale trials.
Michael Severino: I will take the second question and agree with everything Rick said, the only thing I’d add on BD in neuroscience is neuropsychiatry is now clearly an area of strength for us and can be an area of interest and that can go beyond the anti-psychotics as well. There’s tremendous potential and unmet need in areas like generalized anxiety disorder, still in depression despite there are many agents on the market, many, many patients remain inadequately treated, so we would look broadly across that space. With respect to 951 and data timing, we would expect to see results from our Phase 3 study in the second half of next year. And what we are looking for is really DUOPA like efficacy, because DUOPA is a transformational product but it’s also a product that is challenging to administer, and the nature of that product, the fact that it requires the placement of a gastric tube that’s then threaded into the small bowel and has to be maintained limits the size of what’s effectively an addressable market. Not the market by the labeled indication, but the proportion of patients within that population that would consider a therapy like that. And 951 has the potential to substantially expand that. It has an insulin pump-like device, subcutaneous delivery device. We think it will broaden the number of patients within that labeled population, who would consider such a therapy and this is really a very substantial market. So for example, if you look at DUOPA, despite all of its challenges, it does about $0.5 billion in sales. If you look across similar therapies for advanced Parkinson’s disease, the market is probably $1.5 billion or more and that probably represents only a small part of the potential because much of it remains untapped. So we think that 951 can address that and we think the profile that it will take to address that is DUOPA like efficacy with a more patient-friendly subcutaneous delivery device. With respect to BOTOX indications, there are a number of indications, both for BOTOX and for other toxins, for novel toxins that we are considering in the therapeutic space. I think there’s more work that we can do in the migraine space. Although, that has been an area of strength, episodic migraine has patients that may benefit from a therapy like BOTOX and there’s still much more to do on the neurology side with respect to specificity disorders that might be secondary to stroke or other conditions where there is still room to expand those indications. When we look more broadly, there are a number of potential interesting indications for neurotoxins. They might not be BOTOX. They may be novel toxins. Those could be things like prevention of afib, for example, and we are continuing to explore indications beyond that.
