Rick Gonzalez: Okay. I'll cover your first question, Randall, and then Rob can jump in and talk through the R&D funding question that you had. So, look, I think it's a great question. It is one that obviously the vast majority of investors are interested in. We have described I think to investors the rationale of why we were excited about doing the Allergan transaction. It obviously gives us a tremendous amount of ability to be able to manage our way through the loss of exclusivity in the U.S. of HUMIRA. It provides us with two more major growth franchises for the company to help drive growth. And it allows us to continue to invest aggressively both in internal R&D as well as external. And so I think it provides the framework to allow us to continue to perform, as we have performed over the last number of years. I mean, clearly, we have -- we certainly have a track record of showing that we can grow this business and we can build on this business. We've demonstrated that since 2013 when we spun out. So what makes me excited and what makes me comfortable that I can ultimately grow the business through the LOE? I think it starts with, look, we have six, yes, six major growth assets in our business today, if you step back and you look at them, six medicines that have tremendous opportunity to be able to grow: SKYRIZI, RINVOQ, IMBRUVICA, VENCLEXTA, VRAYLAR, UBRELVY. We'll probably have atogepant here in the not-too-distant future. So we'll have a seventh asset all in markets that have a significant opportunity to be able to grow. When I look at our R&D productivity both in the indication expansion area as well as new assets, and I'll talk about that here in a second, I'm very comfortable with our ability to be able to continue to drive the pipeline. When you look at the projections that we made for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI as an example, when we made those projections a year or two ago, those peak projections for 2025, we based those projections on the fact that those assets had to achieve roughly high single-digit market share positions. As we mentioned right now if you look at SKYRIZI, it's achieving in-play share of 30%. RINVOQ has really stood up and rapidly started to capture share. It's at 15% and growing at a very aggressive clip. I would predict that it will quickly become the in-play market leader above HUMIRA here in the not-too-distant future. But they're already significantly above what those estimates were. The longer you stay at in-play shares that look like that obviously the greater you're going to exceed that. If you get to 20% instead of high single-digits, obviously, the revenue will be approximately two times what we had originally projected. So that gives me a high level of comfort. When I look at VENCLEXTA as an example there's still a significant opportunity to grow there. If we get an indication expansion both broadening AML as well as the t(11;14) in multiple myeloma those are two significant opportunities that we'll continue to be able to drive growth. IMBRUVICA still has significant opportunity to be able to drive growth. When I look at VRAYLAR as an example, that's a very interesting asset, has a great profile in that market, the drug does. It's obviously growing significantly. I mean it's been growing now at the rate of about 80% to 90% year-over-year. There's still plenty of room to grow in bipolar and schizophrenia. And if one of those two Phase III studies plays out effectively, MDD will be a very large additional indication which will allow us to be able to drive significant growth there. And then there's the migraine franchise. I think migraine is something that's underappreciated. If you look at the penetration right now of oral agents in the acute area, it's running about 12% to 14% of total scripts. So, obviously, there's a significant opportunity to be able to continue to expand that market. We think we have the asset to be able to do that. And obviously, we think we have the promotional ability to do it. So, I think we have the tools right now to be able to drive significant growth through the LOE. On the other side of the LOE, obviously, our pipeline will continue to play out with the additional indications. You're starting to see assets like our TNF steroid. Of all I think the Genmab collaboration is an important collaboration to continue to build out. Our hem/onc can potentially sell two more platforms. And so there's a lot of exciting opportunities. So, I feel very confident in one how the business is running now despite all of the disruption associated with COVID. But I look at the part of the business that we control directly I feel very good about how the business is running. And so I believe we will navigate our way through it. And I think as we get a little closer investors will gain an even greater appreciation of that. 
Rick Gonzalez: And the only thing I'd add on that is obviously we were more favorable on base AbbVie in the quarter than the $0.04. But there's still uncertainty as it relates to COVID. And so we're keeping some coverage there to see how things play out in the third quarter. 
Rick Gonzalez: All right. Great. So maybe we'll have Mike talk a little bit about the profile of the drug. And what I'd say is I think we probably want to come back at a later date once we've had a little better opportunity to analyze the chronic migraine market. And it's going to depend to a great extent on the profile of the drug obviously. But it's a very large market a very significant market. And -- but Mike maybe if you want to talk a little bit about constipation and then I'll come back and talk about the payer dynamics.
Rick Gonzalez: Geoff on the -- on your second question, you probably recall back on our first quarter guidance when we outlined that we had built in to our forecast for the remainder of the year some impact for some channels shifting that we thought could occur due to the high unemployment. And essentially we haven't seen much of that at all. In fact I would tell you, we haven't seen any of it to any material effect right now. And one of the things that we do to watch that carefully is our PAP program. We've been advertising extensively to consumers to make sure that they know if they lost their insurance or they lost their jobs and they don't have insurance coverage and they can't afford their AbbVie medicines to come to us. We have a very extensive patient assistance program. And we're not seeing any significant increase in those requests. It could be because of the furloughs. We're not 100% sure yet. And potentially we could see some increase as we go further here depending upon what happens with stimulus programs going forward. We have still maintained some level of coverage in our forecast that we're providing now. So we believe we have sufficient coverage to deal with it and we'll just have to see how it sorts itself out.
Rick Gonzalez: Right. Okay. I'll cover both of those questions. So on migraine, I mean obviously we don't publicly talk about our net price. We have fairly significant managed care coverage on the asset already. I think it's about 70%. And obviously it had to be priced in a way that was appropriate to be able to get that level of coverage. This is a market where market expansion is important. As I said, I think if you look at the penetration right now of acute migraine products against the -- or at least the oral CGRPs against the total migraine acute market, it's about 12% penetrated right now. So there's a significant opportunity to be able to grow that market. And it gives you some idea of the magnitude of this market. So you certainly want it to be in a position where it can have access to be able to allow patients, to be able to use the products. These products certainly have demonstrated that they have strong demand from patients to be able to provide them appropriate levels of relief. And so I would just tell you that that's an important aspect of the overall strategy here is to be able to grow this market over the long term. On the executive orders as you have probably seen they're pretty high level at this point and they provide some high-level direction. So I think, until we see them, sort of, start to sort out I think it's a little difficult to give you a lot of specificity around what they look like. Now I will say, if I look at them in the backdrop of AbbVie's business, I would say, I don't think they will have a significant impact on our business. If you look at Part B as an example, we have a very small Part B business. I think it's around 2% to 3%. 3%, I guess, is the right number now. So it's a very insignificant part. If you look at the importation bill or executive order, it's very similar to what's already been given out to the states. And it excludes biologics, which obviously is an important part of our business. If you look at the third one, it's insulin and EpiPen. We're not in that business. And then the rebate rule. Certainly, as we look at rebates, we're absolutely supportive of patients being able to get the benefit of the discount associated with the rebate or discount. As we've said many times before for us whether it's a rebate or a discount is not very material to us. What I would say is when I look at that executive order it does say that you have to be able to implement it without increasing premiums. And everything I know about how rebates are redistributed, I would say that I think that that will be difficult to do. So I don't know how that will ultimately play out. So -- I mean at a high-level look at what we think about them right now. But I think right now, I wouldn't anticipate that they have a significant risk associated with AbbVie. 
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. I would just reiterate what Mike says. I mean, physicians are well skilled in understanding what placebo rates are. And I just don't even think, it's appropriate not to represent a product's efficacy without looking at the placebo rate. So, I mean, I think that will be the way doctors look at it. And I think that is the way the products will be marketed. And certainly, if I had a lower rate, I may have an interest in that. But at the end of the day I think that is the appropriate way to look at it.
Rob Michael: So, Randall this is Rob. On your question on R&D, so if you think through the partial year synergies the $600 million, about $400 million of that comes from R&D. And by 2022, about 50% of the greater than $2 billion in synergies will come from R&D. So, while I would expect the expenses to annualize obviously with the partial year close we'll also see those synergies ramp up. So, the best way to think about it is a steady-state R&D level in the $6 billion range.
Rob Michael: So Chris, this is Rob. I'll take your question on guidance. So if you take that $0.70 of accretion and you back-off the midpoint of $10.40 it gives you a standalone of $9.70 EPS, which is $0.04 higher than our previous guidance. And it's really driven by the sales changes that we've made today. So for U.S. HUMIRA we took that up 1%, which equals about $150 million because we're seeing less impact of COVID on continuing patients. HUMIRA OUS we've taken up $100 million. We're seeing less erosion than we initially had planned. On RINVOQ that's up $100 million as well really driven by the rapid in-play share that we're seeing. And that's partially offset by MAVYRET as we've seen the market really decline during COVID. But net-net revenue is up about $150 million EPS up $0.04 versus our previous guidance for stand-alone AbbVie. 
Rob Michael: I can answer the question on margin. Steve this is Rob. On operating margin, I think when you think about we have a partial year of synergies and a top-line that's been pressured by COVID we have a 48% operating margin profile. As you think about 2021 and 2022, we're going to obviously run -- we're going to ramp those synergies as well as we'll see top-line growth and where you'd see the P&L leverage that we've demonstrated in past year. So, I would expect to see our operating margin expand in 2021 and 2022. With 2023 with the U.S. HUMIRA event, obviously, we would see operating margin pulled back. But I would expect it to be in the 45% range, which still puts us top tier in the industry.
Rob Michael: And David, this is Rob. On UBRELVY, if you look at just the full quarter revenue of $27 million it really follows the prescription growth on a sequential basis. So there's really a negligible stocking impact. And we'd expect to see continued sequential growth for that product.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take those. With respect to VENCLEXTA we see very real potential in the t(11;14) multiple myeloma population. If we look across our trials early phase trials and then some set analyses of later phase trials where we have data from t(11;14), we see very consistent responses. We see high response rates and we see long progression-free survival in the t(11;14) population. And that makes sense because that t(11;14) population has a transformed cell that has a B-cell-like phenotype and it's BCL-2 high. So, it would be expected to be uniquely sensitive to VENCLEXTA and to BCL-2 inhibition. So, we have the Phase III study well underway now. It's an event-driven trial. But we would hope to have data in the near future in 2021. And that study is designed to confirm those earlier observations. In terms of how large an opportunity it can be, the t(11;14) population is about 20% of multiple myeloma. And multiple myeloma is a big indication. So, 20% of that is a lot. Now, as you mentioned it's becoming a competitive space. But one of the advantages of having a biomarker-driven therapy is that we can identify and physicians can identify in practice what patients are likely to respond to VENCLEXTA. So, we'll know what a VENCLEXTA patient looks like. And we think that will be a real opportunity and a real advantage. So, we're very optimistic about that aspect of the program and we think it represents an important additional role for VENCLEXTA. With respect to 951, that is a program that's designed to deliver DUOPA-like efficacy through a subcutaneous insulin pump-like device. And so to do that we had to develop two novel prodrugs. These are NMEs that are rapidly converted to the active agents in circulation. And they allow delivery of levodopa and carbidopa ultimately through this insulin pump-like device that you just can't do with the parent compounds because of their physical properties and chemical limitations and local tolerability limitations. So, it really does represent a real breakthrough. What we know about the efficacy of DUOPA is that it is very, very strong. It really is transformational. But it takes a lot to get that efficacy. Patients have to have a gastric tube placed to then thread it down into the small bowel. They have to maintain that. So, this is a much more patient-accessible patient-friendly if you will way to deliver the same sort of efficacy. And so we think that has a potential to really expand the number of patients who would be willing to consider a therapy such as 951 and it's a big market. If you look at DUOPA despite all the limitations, it's doing about $0.5 billion in sales. If you look at deep brain stimulation, there's also considerable use. In aggregate, this market today is well over $1 billion, probably $1.5 billion. And not all patients who would qualify by their patient profile are willing to undergo these therapies. So, we think that 951 can be a very real opportunity and can be quite substantial.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take the first one and then I'll hand it over to Rick for the second one. With respect to atopic dermatitis, we're very pleased with the results that we demonstrated across the Phase 3 trials. They actually exceeded our expectations based on the Phase 2b results. And those 2b results were very strong and had earned us a breakthrough therapy designation. And we're pleased not only with the efficacy, but also with the safety profile. We've said for quite some time that one needs to look at the safety of a drug in the intended population. Because things like background therapies, risk factors in the population can have a substantial influence on what that profile looks like not only for the active agent, but for the comparator or for placebo. And if you look at the profile in the AD studies, it looks very favorable to our eye. And these were substantial studies and a substantial program overall. This wasn't a quick study to get an indication expansion. We ran a Phase 3 program for atopic dermatitis that could standalone for an additional submission. So we think that very strong data package will be a real advantage when we bring this indication to market. If you look at the size of the market overall, I think, it's been underappreciated for years. Now that's changing now. There are a large number of patients who would be eligible for systemic therapy. Obviously, dupilumab is off to a good start over the past several years in that indication. But if you look at their efficacy only about half of patients achieve an adequate response if you consider that adequate response in EASI 75. And so in our study we drove very good numbers there higher than that roughly 50% albeit there through cross-trial comparisons. So we think that there is a real opportunity for a high-efficacy agent in this space. And so it really can play on both ends of the spectrum. Patients who don't achieve an adequate response with earlier therapies this is an obvious choice. But with the efficacy and the safety profile that we've observed, we see no reason why it wouldn't be used upfront as well. And of course, we'll have head-to-head data against dupilumab later on this year as we said in our prepared remarks. 
Michael Severino: Sure. I'll talk about atogepant. We're very pleased with the data we've seen. And of course this fits into an important part of our migraine portfolio with UBRELVY for acute migraine now with atogepant with two data readouts in episodic migraine and an ongoing program in chronic migraine. And, of course, there's BOTOX Therapeutic in chronic migraine, so it really rounds out our portfolio. The efficacy that we saw was very strong. As we said in our prepared remarks, we hit the primary and all secondary’s across the two upper doses and the primary and four out of six secondary’s for the lowest dose studied. So that is an efficacy profile that I think exceeded our expectations going into the study. With respect to the safety, our view of the safety profile looks very favorable. The constipation that was observed in the overwhelming majority of cases was mild or moderate. It didn't limit treatment. So patients stayed on treatment. They could be managed easily with interventions like stool softeners or fiber supplementation. So we don't see it as something that is limiting particularly in light of the very strong efficacy that we have demonstrated. And the only other point I'd add is that we have a good understanding of it and it's on target. So it comes with the efficacy you get a very strong efficacy and you have this manageable tolerability profile that I described.
Michael Severino: I'll take the second question. So we do as you point out have a number of data readouts from Phase 2 studies or other proof-of-concept studies in 2021 and also in the following years in 2022 and beyond. And a number of these are very large opportunities. I'd point to our oncology programs. We have a number of immuno-oncology programs that would be large opportunities, if they hit. Our GARP program I think is a very good example of that. Our bispecifics I think are a very good example of that. We just brought in through the Genmab collaboration epcoritamab, which is a large opportunity. Obviously, that's post proof of concept. But there are two additional molecules there that are just a little bit earlier in development that could be large opportunities. We have bispecifics in BCMA more than one program that could be very large opportunities, if they were in fact best-in-class. And we think they have the potential to be best-in-class. The last thing, I would point to in oncology is our novel so targeted ADC technology with ABBV-155 being in the lead in non-small cell lung cancer. That is a BCL-XL warhead targeted by a B7-H3 antibody. If that were to hit and we'd see those data next year that would be a large opportunity. Obviously in immunology we're advancing our TNF steroid program. But I think those are data that we've already reported out. And then the last thing that, I would mention is in our neuroscience portfolio. Obviously, Alzheimer's disease if those programs were to hit they would be a very large opportunity given the enormous unmet medical need. Now obviously, in Alzheimer's disease it's higher risk higher reward. But if we got favorable data it would be a very, very meaningful opportunity. 
Michael Severino: Well, this is Mike. I'll take the first part of that and then Rick may want to add. With respect to efficacy, the most important attribute is the placebo-adjusted migraine days. If one were solely to look at the total days one could conclude that placebo is in fact a good therapy for these patients, because we see reductions. And so you have to account for that. And there are differences from study-to-study based on design, population enrolled and what that placebo difference is. So it absolutely has to be taken into account. And when you look at our placebo-adjusted results, they're very strong. They range between 1.2 and 1.7 days, which in this disease area is a very meaningful response rate. And it's higher than what has been reported with other oral agents obviously with the caveat of a cross-trial comparison. So we think that on the most important efficacy parameter we performed very, very well. And of course we've hit all the secondaries across two of those three doses as I've described. And as we get the data out into the public domain you'll get more color on that.
Michael Severino: Okay. I'll take those questions. With respect to the TNF steroid conjugate what I would say is, it's important to keep in mind that this is an early phase trial and this was intended to be a proof-of-concept trial. One can't do a fully powered head-to-head against an active competitor like HUMIRA in Phase I or Phase II because that typically requires or always requires essentially a large Phase III study. Head-to-head studies are often amongst the largest studies in a Phase III program. So what we were looking for was evidence to support the profile that I described which is that we had a high probability of success in those trials downstream. If folks have a mixed view then what we hear is they'd like to see those later data. And what I would say is, we're well on the path to generating them. We're pleased with the results that we've seen and we think it's a very promising platform and we're going to be advancing into larger-scale trials and people will get the data that they're looking for. With respect to VRAYLAR in the adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder, I think the question was how would I characterize the risk there? There already is one positive study in hand. And so of the two studies that are underway, we would need one additional study to read out positive to support the indication. I think that historically this has been a challenging indication. But I think the -- both the rationale and the data from earlier studies in the VRAYLAR program are strong. So I would probably put it in the moderate probability range. We didn't build it into our model. Our success with VRAYLAR was not dependent on it. But we think it represents a very attractive upside opportunity if in fact it hits. And with respect to why Genmab CD3xCD20 has the potential to be best-in-class? I would point to two things. One is the efficacy data reported from the early phase trials, particularly in DLBCL, which is a very difficult-to-treat tumor type, puts it at the higher end of efficacy. And the safety profile has been very favorable in terms of what's been observed to date both with respect to cytokine release syndrome and the lack of occurrence in the early phase trials of higher-grade CRS and also with respect to the neurological symptoms that can accompany this class of therapy. So it seems to have threaded that sweet spot between achieving very strong efficacy with a good safety profile. It also has subcu administration with its existing formulation. Others are working towards that. But Genmab already has the data in hand. And the dosing schedule fits very well into the regimens that will be used in the diseases that we'd study particularly DLBCL and follicular lymphoma. So we see aggregate of that that we think gives it a very, very strong profile. 
Michael Severino: Right. So I'll take the question with respect to VENCLEXTA in solid tumors. I think there's two different lines of evidence. In breast cancer, there are -- there is an investigator-sponsored study that showed promise in breast cancer. And so there's a follow-up study there to confirm that. And if that were confirmed, it would be obviously a substantial opportunity given the unmet need there. And then there are other solid tumors such as both small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer where there's preclinical rationale that warrants exploration. And so I would characterize the solid tumor program as higher risk but high reward worthy of exploration. The solid tumor program in VENCLEXTA has not been baked into our thinking and isn't necessary for any of the success that we have talked about with the molecule. But if something were to hit there represents very nice upside. And I think there's enough rationale to warrant the exploration. 
