Scott Brun: Sure thing, Jami. Why don’t I go ahead with the timing and such on the HCV and then I’ll get Rick to talk a little bit about the market potential. So you know, as you said we’re on track for a Q2 ’14 filing. Acknowledging it’s a very tight race we’re feeling very, very good about our position. We’re very pleased with the progress on the program and certainly it is a top priority for us to be able to move as quickly as possible on the filing. But things are going extremely well in that regard.
Scott Brun: Yeah, sure. So with regard to 199, yes – we just started a large trial looking at ABT-199 as an agent in the treatment of relapsed refractory CLL in patients who have the 17p deletion mutation, which is certainly traditionally a very hard population to treat. Indeed, if this trial is acceptable as a registration trial this could allow us to commercialize ABT-199 in the 2016 timeframe.  Now Jami, as you said certainly there’s a lot of activity going on with regard to development in the CLL space. We feel that with the exquisite activity of ABT-199, its ability to rapidly reduce tumor burden, it really provides us a number of opportunities to really transform the way that this disease is treated, looking at different paradigms in terms of raising the bar on response with measures such as minimal residual disease where you are clearing the body of tumor to a greater extent than we see with traditional response endpoints; and also looking at the potential to perhaps move away from chronic therapy into more limited-duration and bringing the concept of remission into CLL.
Scott Brun: Especially if it’s a bio-similar to Remicade for instance which is an infused product relative to an injectable. So we think that anything in that space would not have an impact on injectables like HUMIRA and/or Enbrel.Greg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And last is a question on the testosterone market – you’re obviously big there and may be for some time depending on what you do on biz dev and lifecycle management. What’s going on in that marketplace other than jockeying for contracting positions, formulator positions? What’s up with the growth rate there and when can you get that turned around? Thanks.
Scott Brun: You know, the 1.62% version of the product now accounts for about two thirds of the overall AndroGel franchise as well.Greg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks guys.
Scott Brun: Well, the outlook for HUMIRA globally is 14% to 15% this year, and as Bill said in his remarks in Q3 we also expect global growth to be in the 14% to 15%. But US specifically, David, there really shouldn’t be a whole lot of deviation from scrips plus price. And as Bill mentioned there’s obviously always a little bit of puts and takes with the channel as well.
Scott Brun: And David, hi, it’s Scott Brun – I can take the Duodopa question. So as you know with Duodopa we’ve got a somewhat unique drug device combination system. Consequently we did have some data formatting questions of an administrative nature from FDA. We worked through those, addressed them. The NDA is filed. We’re on a 2014 timeline. Right now we don’t have any sense that there is going to be a panel but certainly as the review progresses we’ll be able to update you on that front.
Scott Brun: Hi Jeff, Scott Brun. Why don’t I go ahead and take the HCV first. So yeah, certainly – it is our plan to have some significant data disclosures of the Phase III Program at EASL for next year. Certainly our full data disclosure plan is still in the works.
Scott Brun: Scott Brun, Chris. On the ABT-126, as you referenced we recently presented proof of concept data looking at ABT-126 as monotherapy in the mild to moderate Alzheimer’s Disease segment. And certainly what we saw there prompted us to move into our Phase II-b trials. I will say we are studying a higher dose range. I don’t want to specifically disclose the doses that we’re looking at right now because this as you know is quite a competitive area. But the Phase II-b program has both monotherapy as well as add-on to Aricept trials. Certainly with regard to the mechanism of a nicotinic neuronal agonist, we certainly think that there is a potential for add-on or synergy with regard to the cholinergic mechanism by which Aricept results in its activity.
Scott Brun: Tony, it’s Scott Brun, I’ll start with the HCV Japan question. So as you know the epidemiology of HCV in Japan is very specific, very highly weighted to genotype 1b and then genotype 2. As a consequence our regiment under Phase II study there is a co-formulation of the protease inhibitor ABT-450 with the NS5A 267 and the Ritonavir boost resulting in a two pill once a day regiment. We’re far advanced in our Phase II program and in ongoing discussions with PMDA regarding the transition to Phase III.
Scott Brun: Sure, Scott Brun. So let me start with the ABT-199. Yeah, we agree that actually 199 has promise not only in relapsed refractory CLL but across a number of hematologic malignancy. With regard to tumor lysis syndrome which is a direct consequence of the explicit potency of 199 we have been enrolling CLL patients with a revised dosing schedule where we start at a lower dose and ramp up at a more slow rate, and so far so good with regard to the patients that we have been treating under that new protocol. So again, we have a number of CLL studies that are actively enrolling right now and we will continue to accrue more data with this new approach. With regard to the Galapagos data, we’re certainly not disappointed in the results. I think you need to be aware that the data that was generated included relatively small cohorts of 15 to 20 patients. And while yes, you can single out specific response metrics and bring up some questions with regard to what they mean, if you look in aggregate across all of the measures included in this study – the deaths, 28; the various ACRs – we feel that there is a very clear dose response relationship. But again, we’re going to characterize much more clearly in the large Phase II-b study that includes a variety of doses.Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Scott Brun: Scott Brun, why don’t I go ahead with the HUMIRA questions. So certainly I can’t speak to details of the comparative effectiveness trial that you’re referring to, but certainly we feel the data that we have generated to date demonstrates the very compelling activity that HUMIRA provides in these steroid refractory patients. I think you need to be somewhat careful depending on the design of these comparative effectiveness trials. Certainly we’ve seen other type trials that again, with real world experience if you’re not carefully randomizing there can be biases with regard to how patients are included in certain treatments that could limit interpretation. And again I apologize I can’t provide more specifics on this design since I’m not familiar with it.
Bill Chase: So Greg, it’s Bill Chase. The tender effect internationally was about 4%, so if you normalized for that ex-US growth would have been about 14%.Greg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. 
Bill Chase: This is Bill Chase again. The growth rate has definitely slowed down versus what we saw last year. The growth in the market year-to-date through May is around 9%. We are seeing some account losses due to competitive pricing but that said we’re maintaining over 60% share. There’s a fair amount of churn in the market. We still think AndroGel is a very, very important brand and we’re confident that the sales will remain flat through the year.
Bill Chase: So David, this is Bill Chase. On HUMIRA I think the clearest thing to look at is the scrip trends which in the quarter were about 10% to 11% up in HUMIRA. We obviously did have an impact of price, so when you add it up that 16% was impacted somewhat by some channel changes in the quarter. We’re very, very pleased with that growth and we’re seeing no slowdown whatsoever in the United States. For the full year we expect growth to be in the mid-single digits, roughly split between price and volume in the US and things are going very, very well.
Bill Chase: Okay, Marc, it’s Bill Chase. On the spending you’re correct – in our guidance we are raising profile for both R&D and SG&A, and what you’re seeing there is really two different things. First of all on the R&D front we’ve got a lot of programs that are very, very exciting. We’re moving to continue to develop those as rapidly as we possibly can and we think that’s the right thing to do for the long-term.  On the promotional front, on the SG&A front I think the strong performance of our growth brands has shown that that’s been a very, very effective use of investment and we are going to continue to invest heavily in those brands to make sure that we reach their full-year potential. So that’s what you’re seeing. The expense is really on a global basis on the marketing side and certainly on the R&D side it’s across the entire pipeline. [Synergist], you had asked about the timing of the quarters. What you’ll see with this product is typically the sales are more heavily weighted to the fourth and first quarters of the year. This quarter was obviously much lower based on that gating but typically the bulk of those sales fall in Q4 and Q1. And then with GI again, the gastro segment winds up being probably the fastest growing segment of HUMIRA. We’ve been very, very pleased with both the market growth and our share growth where we’re actually capturing share, and that’s going to be a big part of the HUMIRA story as it develops over the next couple of years.
Bill Chase: And on the Alvine payment you’re correct. IP R&D we treat as an item which we exclude from our non-GAAP estimates and that is our practice.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah, I don’t believe it will have a dramatic impact on HUMIRA as an indirect bio-similar competitor.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, this is Rick, Steve. So first on the penetration, we’ve talked extensively about these markets still are penetrated at relatively modest levels. So a lot of our activity that is really driving the growth of HUMIRA across most indications is driven to a great extent by increased penetration and new indications. So I don’t know that I can quantify it for you much more than that but I’d say it’s a substantial part of what we do see in growth as well as in certain markets we’re seeing some additional market share. As far as the patents are concerned, obviously that’s a highly sensitive issue for us from a competitive standpoint. So I wouldn’t give you any more color other than to say obviously we’re looking at our patent estate in a very appropriate and aggressive way and we will ensure that no one violates those patents. And I’m probably not willing to give you much more color than that.Steve Scala – Cowen and Co.: Thank you.
Rick Gonzalez: And then Jeff, on [Axio SPA] is a relatively modest opportunity from our perspective in the US. We’d still like to get a label claim going forward but it’s something less than $100 million. Really the big opportunity for [Axio SPA] is in Europe where it’s already approved, and so it doesn’t have any kind of significant magnitude of impact on the overall growth of HUMIRA.Jeff Holford – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, and then Chris, this is Rick on the bio-similar. I’ll tell you we were surprised by the recommendation being broad without at least to our knowledge any clinical data to be able to support it. I’d say our position is we don’t think that’s in the best interests of patients. I mean it’s clearly unprecedented to have a biologic that you’re going to get ultimately an indication for that you’ve never studied in humans. And I’d say most of the feedback we get from physicians in Europe, particularly GI physicians I’d say is that they want to see data in here. So we’ll have to see how it plays out. There’s a lot of time between now and the time HUMIRA will potentially face bio-similar competition so it’s a little early to speculate how that might impact HUMIRA one way or the other. I think we’ll have to see how it plays out.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah, you know the blended gastro share for us in the US is up about five points, and a lot of that has to do with not only the strength of the UC launch but just in general the marketplace around gastro. In ex-US markets, in Europe in particular we’ve probably gained about a 20% share already in the UC space. So the launch of UC is off to a great start for us. 
Rick Gonzalez: And Tony, as far as the number of patients being treated, the data obviously moves around a little bit but the latest data that we’ve looked at historically, if you look at 2011 roughly 175,000 patients in the G7 were treated. We expect that to grow with these next-generation products to somewhere in the neighborhood of 2x that based on the capacity that we see in the marketplace from a clinical standpoint.
Rick Gonzalez: Thanks, Damien. And that concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call after 11:00 AM Central Time today go to AbbVie’s Investor Relations website at www.abbvieinvestor.com, or call 888-568-0512, passcode 72613. The audio replay will be available until midnight on Friday, August 9th. And thanks again for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions feel free to give the IR Team a call. Thanks! 
