Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Global Allergan Aesthetics; Scott Reents, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Neil Gallagher, Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, I will note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we’ll take the first question.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Geoff. I believe we have taken all the questions in the queue, so that concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Tom. AbbVie’s third quarter results demonstrate the strength of our broad portfolio. The continued robust performance from Skyrizi and Rinvoq are helping offset the impact from higher inflation and the stronger U.S. dollar. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.66, which is $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. These results include a $0.02 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $14.8 billion, in line with our guidance and up 5.4% on an operational basis, excluding a 2.1% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 53.4% of sales. This includes adjusted gross margin of 85.4% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 10.8% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 0.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense up 20.9% of sales. Net interest expense was $497 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.9%. Turning to our financial outlook. We are narrowing our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $13.84 and $13.88. This earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond the third quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $58.2 billion, reflecting growth of 5.5% on an operational basis. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.9% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Included in this guidance are the following updated assumptions. We now expect Skyrizi global sales of approximately $5.1 billion, an increase of $300 million due to strong market share performance. For Venclexta, we now expect global revenue of approximately $2 billion, based on a lower market outlook in CLL and unfavorable foreign exchange. For Aesthetics, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.3 billion, given the impact of higher inflation on near-term market growth and due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Moving to P&L, we now expect adjusted gross margin of approximately 85% of sales and forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 52% of sales. Turning to the fourth quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $15.2 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 2.5% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.65 and $3.69. This guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. Finally, AbbVie’s strong business performance continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We generated $17 billion of free cash flow in the first nine months of the year, and our cash balance at the end of September was $11.8 billion. Underscoring our confidence in AbbVie’s long-term outlook, today we announced a 5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2023. And we remain on track to achieve $30 billion of cumulative debt paydown by the end of this year, bringing our net leverage ratio to 1.8 times. In closing, AbbVie’s strong performance allows us to reaffirm earnings expectations in the face of economic pressure. And with our diverse portfolio, we continue to be well positioned to deliver long-term growth. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: And this is Rob. I would just add that if you think about more long term. If you think about what happened in 2008 and 2009, the business declined high single digits and then we saw, after that very robust growth in the mid-teen to the next decade. So given that penetration rates are still very low today. There’s clearly ample opportunity to grow this market. I think once you get on the other side of the economic impact which we expect to be transient. We still expect as business to deliver long-term growth as Rick highlighted earlier, we’re still on track for that. Long-term high single digit growth getting to greater than $9 billion by 2029. So we’ll have to navigate, obviously, the short-term economic impact. But we still have tremendous confidence in the long-term outlook for aesthetics.
Rob Michael: So Gary, this is Rob. I’ll take your question on OpEx. If you look at the benefit we’re seeing, about half of it is actually coming from the stronger U.S. dollar, so it’s more of an FX impact. The other half is spend productivity. We always look for opportunities to drive more productivity in our spend. It’s not so much about scaling back in parts of the business, we always look for ways to spend better, buy better. And ultimately, that helps us. In many cases also, over the long-term, redeploy that investment to drive growth. If you think about 2023, I’ve said – given that 46% to 47% operating margin directional input. I’ve also said we’re not going to cut back investment. We’ll obviously be prudent given that you will see a decline in gross margins next year, but we’re not going to be cutting back investment because we expect to return to growth quickly. So you’ll see us not necessarily cut back, but certainly put more behind this business to drive that long-term growth that we expect to be industry-leading over the long term.
Jeff Stewart: No. Just to confirm, Rick, that no real surprises in terms of where we’ve been. And as we’ve communicated before, our principles of co-existing over time with one or more biosimilars seems to be the way that the market will play out. And certainly, like we saw in Europe that we had the principle of – for patient continuity to concede pricing to maintain that patient access. So Chris, no major surprises that we’ve seen so far.
Jeff Stewart: Maybe, Roopal, you could address the procedure and where we are in the procedure, and I’ll cover the commercial.
Jeff Stewart: And Chris, to that point, I mean, this is largely consistent with what we see from oral surveillance and the Xeljanz label, which is widely sort of understood by the European physicians. And so to cut to the quick, we don’t anticipate a material impact as this continues through the process.
Jeff Stewart: No, I think, Tim, Rick described it in the right way. While there are typically, there are typically out clauses based on timing or other dynamics I think one of the considerations is obviously, as we’ve highlighted before, most of the biosimilars are going to be coming in the second half of the year. So to some degree, that actually limits if it was a rare case. And they typically are rare where a contract is blown up or renegotiated in the middle of the year. That length of time that’s left in 2023 for some of those payers to let’s take a negative action puts some natural constraint on them in terms of when they would time that out. But Rick highlighted it very nicely in terms of the dynamics.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, so look, in terms of what Rick had highlighted in terms of our confidence in projecting the 80%. Obviously, there’s a couple components to that. So we have – while all the contracts aren’t fully complete with the ones that we’ve done. We’ve done some significant modeling work to understand if we’re retaining the ability to stay on the formulary. We would model our volume like how much would we retain versus would go to one or more biosimilars. That’s something that we can understand. And we have made base case, both first half and second half pricing assumptions based on those contracts. Now what’s been highlighted in the last couple of questions is there’s still uncertainty on the rest of the contracts that are yet to been secured and also a bid on that second half price dynamic. So those are the elements that are going to give us more confidence as we go to the fourth quarter call to give everyone a secure number for next year.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi Andrew, it's Jeff. I'll take your – I'll take your first question. So when we – obviously we're still studying very carefully the IRA and we're also discussing directly with CMS not just through pharma, but our own company in terms of how they're going to basically select the different drugs that will be negotiated. That's a little bit unclear at this point. It's not unreasonable based on the size of Imbruvica to suspect it will be one of the earlier drugs that could potentially be negotiated, so just to clear that. In terms of what may take place before that potential negotiation in 2026, I would expect to see some modest changes in rebate. We see very small levels at this point now but we do have a third competitor coming. So that would be something that we would continue to plan – to plan for as we move into that potential event.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Steve, and just in terms of your salesforce question, I mean, we are very encouraged and excited about this potential approval. I mean, obviously we continue to gain share week-by-week sequentially for our base indication – the bipolar indications. And we know that based on the profile that we have with Vraylar. So very, very strong efficacy – proven efficacy of a very good tolerability profile for an antipsychotic, no material weight gain, low metabolic effects, and I think importantly maybe not as appreciated it's, there's no titration. You have a very simple starting dose of 1.5 milligrams. So as we do our research, we see that that profile is very strong as this potential add-on therapy and depression. In the last decade there's been only one drug that's been approved for this indication and that's Rexulti, and we think that's a branded drug, obviously, and we think we can compete very, very well. So we have a big existing sales force and infrastructure. We are gearing up in terms of training. We have the established relationships across the big primary care doctors as well as the psychiatrist. So we are – we agree with your approach. That's a meaningful commercial opportunity that could evolve very quickly here once we get the approval.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. I'll take the IBD question. I think we've mentioned before that the IBD has been a very important part of our long range plan and when we gave the 2025 guidance, it looks relatively small because they're just ramping down. I would say that as AbbVie we are very, very encouraged. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks on the launch, and maybe I'll start with what we're hearing from the gastroenterologists. I think first is they, they look at both assets and the global guidelines, the impressions and the clinical approach that we hear from the top leaders and also the community gastros is this idea over – I have to start to think about endoscopic healing, higher basically rates of efficacy and more significant clarity on what it's doing in the bowel versus just symptoms. And that seems straightforward, but we see the market moving very, very fast there in terms of understanding and that's what we can deliver, whether it's the Skyrizi data on the endoscopic healing rates with a very, very convenient and strong safety profile, or similar on the Rinvoq side in second line in the U.S. second line for patients that aren't doing well in UC. So we see rapid adoption already as I mentioned, that in the Rinvoq in the United States will be a second line plus based on the label. And we see very, very fast adoption. I'll give you some color on it. Xeljanz had been approved and is approved in UC in the United States, but basically it had very low adoption. We're seeing now in the community that 70% of the prescriptions are coming from physicians that have never written a JAK before. So it shows you that the clinical profile of Rinvoq in terms of its speed and the depth of the response is being viewed very, very well. So not only is that encouraging for Rinvoq, you see as I mentioned we're going to have the approval for Crohn's for Rinvoq in later lines next year as well. Skyrizi continues to surprise us to the upside, as you've heard from the call today. This is viewed increasingly as the preferred frontline drug coming straight out of the gate for Crohn's in the U.S. And the qualitative data that we're starting to see, and we are seeing some quantitative data that looks very strong, too, is that this is viewed as a already as a best-in-class product for Crohn’s, which is a very, very substantial market. So we are very encouraged. We continue to say that the IBD is probably underappreciated, and we’ll continue to give updates as these launches progress.
Jeff Stewart: Chris, it’s Jeff. Just to clarify in terms of your Rinvoq question, was there a specific question related to a certain indication on the front line? Or I’m not sure I fully appreciate that one.
Jeff Stewart: In AD, okay, right. So yes, we do see frontline use across the globe and even in the U.S. And what we’re seeing is now, as I mentioned in my remarks, we’re seeing in-line in-play share, which is in the high mid-teens right now in the U.S., and it’s higher in the international markets. So there seems to be, as we look to the research and we look to our market – end market performance, there’s really two segments of dermatologists. There’s very cautious dermatologists that are slow to adopt JAKs, and typically, they’ll start in the later line, a second line plus. There is an emerging cohort of a significant group of dermatologists as well that basically are looking at the underlying high efficacy parameters, so basically like the EZ90 skin clearance and almost no discernible itch for the product. They typically are starting to use more and more in the frontline. So the overall balance is leaning towards the second line, but we do see increasing frontline utilization based on the profile of the drug in atopic dermatitis. In terms of the Skyrizi for Crohn’s, we think we’re very, very well positioned for a couple of reasons. One is the overall profile of the medicine is really exceptional, as I’ve highlighted, and we’re going to see very, very rapid adoption both in the U.S. and the external market. In addition, we have anticipated the STELARA LOE. We see that we have an ongoing head-to-head trial versus STELARA to make sure that we can continue to differentiate with direct data that will come over the next year or so, so we’re anticipating that. And we think we’re going to have a good setup to maintain the early momentum that we’re seeing with Skyrizi.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, so thank you for the question. I mean, one of the things that we see certainly in the near term is that the formularies in I&I are actually expanding. So many years ago, you might have six or seven preferred agents. The payers are now requesting sometimes up to 11 or 12 preferred agents, so you’re seeing an expansive nature in the short term. Now as you go forward, maybe middle of the decade or later where you have more and more biosimilars, could the U.S. environment move towards sort of a step through? I mean, it’s possible. But we have, again, as I mentioned in my last statement, we have anticipated that with the right types of data, the trials. We have five head-to-head studies in Skyrizi in psoriasis; we have more coming in Crohn’s. And so we think that basically, we have a data-driven approach that’s going to continue to allow us to significantly differentiate our products. The other dynamic that we watch very carefully, and we talked about this during the Immunology Investor Day, is the lines of therapy as there’s more and more high efficacy products that get introduced, continue to expand. So in the middle of the decade or longer, the second plus and the third line markets are going to be very, very significant at that point. So when we put all of that into the calculus we feel again, we have a pretty set up for the middle of the decade and longer.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. I’ll cover your business development question. I think if I step back and I look at where are we today. We have been for the last several years operating with an approach of roughly $2 billion to add incremental pieces to the business. We’ve effectively used that over the last several years to be able to build some additional, particularly, I’d say early stage pipeline assets to the company. We’re continuing on that same approach right now. Now having said that, we obviously have paid down debt very rapidly. We will be in a position where if we chose to do something, we could do something. I’d say if I look at the business today and I look at how it’s performing around the expectations that we had for the business going forward, I would say there’s no need for us to be able to do anything in that area. And I’d go back to the original premise of what we described to the investment community of what we believed would happen when biosimilars entered the U.S. market for Humira. What we said was that we believe the bulk of the erosion would occur in 2023, some additional erosion in 2024, in 2025 and beyond. We would return to significant growth. We’d be able to deliver high single digit growth from that point forward through the end of the decade. That’s what we said. Everything I know about the business today would suggest to me that we are able to do just that. And we’re confident that we’re able to do that with the portfolio we have and the late-stage pipeline and additional indications that we have coming forward. Having said that, I can also tell you that, over the last 10 years, we’ve demonstrated to ourselves and hopefully to you that we can acquire businesses and assets and we can integrate those and we can successfully drive those. And so if we found something that we thought was very important to add to the business, we certainly have the financial wherewithal and this business has tremendous cash flow. We could do that. I can tell you we don’t see that right now. So I wouldn’t assume that. And the other thing I’d point out is, as an example, the most important thing, and I know everyone is focused on what that erosion curve is going to look like, including us, to be honest, but – and I know why. But probably the single most important thing for us going forward to hit what I described to you a moment ago is that underlying non Humira business growing at a rate that it can drive those expectations. And that’s key and I’d say there’s two factors that are most important around that. The first is that Skyrizi and Rinvoq grow fast enough that they can more than offset that they can essentially grow through all of the erosion that occurs on Humira and deliver incremental performance of above and beyond that. And I feel highly confident in that. I mean, when you can look at the trajectories of those assets now in the early phase we’re in right now in IBD and PSA. I would say, I have a very high level of confidence that they will perform at that level or well above that level. Then the second thing is all the other growth assets they have to be growing fast enough that they can get us to be able to grow at that rate that I described. And if you take this quarter as an example, and you look at the business without Humira, the underlying growth is about 6.5%. And remember that 6.5% is absorbing the economic impact we see in the aesthetics business and the market and competitive dynamics that we see in Imbruvica. So that’s – that tells you that underlying growth is pretty strong. And so I think those are the important things that investors have to focus on. And the erosion curve is certainly one of those. And I’m sensitive to the fact that you want to know when you’re going to hit trough earnings, and I recognize that. And that’s why we wanted to provide you some assurance of what that trough earnings is going to look like.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, excellent. Thanks, Terence. I’ll cover the first one. So if I look at the aesthetics business, we’re clearly seeing this economic pressure in the U.S. And I would expect that we will see that to continue into 2023. Certainly, it’s difficult to predict what will happen in the U.S., will it get worse? Will we go into a recession? Will it stay about the same? I’d say, we’re looking at this extremely carefully. But good news right now I would say is that the factors that we’re looking at that seem to be driving this consumer confidence and behavior the most in the U.S., appeared to have stabilized at the levels that they’re at. And so I would say that’s a positive thing. Now it’s fluid because obviously if the economic situation got worse in the U.S., my guess is they would trend down again. And so – but at least it appears right now that they’ve stabilized and maybe even ticked up just a little bit, moved in a positive direction just a little bit. I think it’s very difficult to predict. Here’s what I would assume. I would assume that a significant part of 2023 we will have an impact on it. Now also recognize that we saw this phenomena as we said in the last call start in May. We weren’t sure at the time whether it was the summer season starting a month early or it was the economic impact, because we had been watching the indicators and they trend down several months ahead of that. But we didn’t see an impact until the month of May. So the point is, when we hit May and beyond, we’re going to be lapping the impact. So the negative impact will be softened on the business. So we’ll return to better growth rates no matter what just mathematically, right. So – but I think the best prediction we can have is it’s going to have an impact in a good part of 2023. I think it’s the best way for us to think about it. Now again, the rest of the business has an opportunity to be able to offset that as we saw in this quarter.
Rick Gonzalez: And this is Rick on the succession question. I’d say that, we obviously have a very experienced Board, and we’ve had an active approach on succession going back to about 2016, 2017. And that process has proceeded extremely well in developing internal candidates to ultimately assume the role when I do retire. I can tell you that there are no plans at all for me to retire in 2023. The most important thing to me and to the Board is to make sure that the business is performing exactly as we expect going forward, and we’re not going to make any transition until we’ve gone through the biosimilar event, and we’re confident in the performance of the overall business. That would be the appropriate time once we’re confident to make a transition at that point. We’ve also had discussions with the Board of what that transition would look like. And assuming it’s an internal candidate, the transition will essentially work where we will name a new CEO. And at that point, I will assume the role of Executive Chair for a period of time thereafter. So I think we have a well-thought-out succession approach. I feel very comfortable with the approach, I feel comfortable with the work we’re doing to develop the internal candidates. And I think the transition when it occurs, I think, will go smoothly and be successful. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Rick Gonzalez: So I’m actually going to have Jeff walk you through that. He’s probably the closest to that environment.
Rick Gonzalez: And this is Rick. I agree with everything Jeff said. The one thing I would add that as you think about even under a scenario where if we did get to some kind of a step at it, you have to go back and remember that most of these mechanisms, most patients fail, and they fail at a relatively high level and over a relatively short period of time. So even if you had to rotate through you’re going to get to second line relatively quickly, and recycling somebody back through another TNF typically doesn’t work very well for those patients. And I’d say the domain now with the kind of agents that we have in the market now and the level of remission that they can create, the demand among physicians is much higher to get patients into remission as rapidly as they possibly can. And so I think all those dynamics tell us that this model should continue to work over the long-haul.
