Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Global Allergan Aesthetics; Neil Gallagher, Vice President and Chief Medical Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we'll take the first question, please.
Liz Shea: Well, thank you, Josh. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Tom. AbbVie's first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our broad portfolio, including double-digit growth from Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Venclexta, Neuroscience and Aesthetics. We also continue to deliver strong P&L performance, with another quarter of robust operating margin expansion, while fully funding the business for long-term growth. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.16, reflecting growth of 9.3% compared to prior year and $0.04 above our guidance midpoint. This includes an $0.08 unfavorable impact of acquired IPR&D expense that was not factored into our original guidance. Total net revenues were more than $13.5 billion, up 5.4% on an operational basis, excluding a 1.3% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Net revenues came in above our guidance despite the entry of generic competition for Restasis. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 51.4% of sales, an improvement of 150 basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 84.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 10.9% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.1% of sales. Net interest expense was $539 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.1%. Turning to our financial outlook, we are updating our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to include the $0.08 for acquired IPR&D expense that was incurred during the first quarter. As a result, we now expect full year adjusted earnings per share between $13.92 and $14.12. This earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond the first quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $59.4 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.4% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. This revenue guidance includes updated Restasis sales of approximately $400 million. Moving to the P&L, we now expect adjusted gross margin of 84.5% of sales, adjusted SG&A expense of $12.5 billion, and an adjusted operating margin ratio of 51.8% of sales. Turning to the second quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $14.6 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.5% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.38 and $3.42. This guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. In closing, we are off to an excellent start to the year with strong performance across multiple areas. We are making significant progress with new product launches and the pipeline, underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term growth outlook. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: Yes. So, this is Rob. I would just add that we've been trying to give investors some directional guidance on how to think about 2023 beyond just the Humira, 45% plus or minus 10%. We've talked about Aesthetics growing high single digits annually over the next decade. You can get a sense based on Jeff's response today and the way to think about Imbruvica. In terms of operating margin, I've talked about that pulling back to the 46% to 47% range with no cuts to investment because we're going to return to growth very quickly. So, we're going to continue to invest in this business. And as I look at Street consensus, I see modeling of cuts in SG&A not necessarily reflecting the appropriate operating margin levels. So, it's something just to keep in mind. And then even -- we've talked about the tax rate growing one point per year on average. Obviously, you saw this year, it only grew 0.2 points. Other years, it may go higher. So, we've tried to give the Street some ideas of the way to think about 2023 model in advance of our formal guidance.
Rob Michael: This is Rob. What I would add, Steve, just to clarify, I mean, we have a business that's going to deliver high single-digit growth during 2025. It doesn't make sense to be cutting investment in 2023. And that's what the Street consensus is modeling currently. So, we expect to invest in this business, invest in R&D, invest in SG&A to drive that long-term growth. And given how quickly we'll return to that growth, I wouldn't expect us to be cutting investment in 2023.
Rob Michael: Yes, I would just add that if you look back to our guidance for the quarter and we gave guidance to the therapeutic area level, we pretty much came in line with that guidance. And so we expected this dynamic, and we're also we're not changing our full year outlook for US Humira, 8% growth. And that, again, will be driven by market driving volume growth. And so -- it's in line with our expectations. I understand Street consensus had a different point of view, but we weren't surprised by that.
Rob Michael: So Vamil, this is Rob. I'll take your first question. So when you look at that there is seasonality in this market in the US, and so you do see a shift from Q4 to Q1. If you look at year-over-year, you'd see that in Q4, as you mentioned, Q1 year-over-year is relatively flat. I would think about it that way for the full year as well. So, you do tend to see a suppression in Q1 because of plans resetting that dynamic we see in the US market. But then over the course of the rest of the year, you do see higher pricing. So, on average, the way to think about it is price is relatively stable.
Rob Michael: So Josh, it's Rob. If you look at the continued consideration, actually, it's a fair value liability, it went down this quarter because of discount rate. So we always have to pay attention to discount rate movement. So we saw the average discount rate increase by about 130 basis points. You're seeing, obviously, as rising interest rates are taking hold of the market. That's something we have to take into account because we had to mark this to market every quarter.  If you look at our release, we had a similar – we had a decrease last year as well. Again, we had discount rates increase in Q1 of last year, albeit to a lesser extent. So that's what you're seeing is just really the discount rate movement. No other real fundamental changes to the valuation of that liability.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you for the question. So, as I mentioned in my comments, we are seeing greater share erosion. Imbruvica continues to be the leading share in the later lines, although we have lost our frontline share position to Calquence. And obviously, Venclexta is also moving there. So we see a couple of things that are taking place. So, we have that share erosion that's putting some pressure on the brand. And then clearly, we see the continued suppression of the market. So, it's kind of like a double hit. If we think of this over the short, mid and longer-term, what I would say would be this. So, in the short-term, meaning this year, we projected the share decline and that includes some stabilization, but we still think the brand is under some pressure from other BTKs and Venclexta. And basically, we have flat guidance this year. And some of that includes a recovery of the market back to sort of more normal levels and we'll have to see how that progresses over the year. If I think more about the midterm, I think what's important context there is, new patient starts essentially make up roughly 13% to 15% of Imbruvica. So it's got a very, very large installed base, about 85%, maybe a little bit more in terms of what that's going to happen. We're not seeing any changes in persistency or items like that. So we think that we have a very good sense of stability for the brand over time in terms of what this may mean. And so that's basically how we think about it. To answer your other question, if you look at the combined share, AbbVie has quite a strong position. We have roughly 33% of total share in the front line and we have between 42% and 46% of second-line plus. So clearly, Venclexta is able to offset as I commented in my remarks some of those pressures. So it's very important for AbbVie. It's going to be a very big brand over the long-term. In the short-term here in midterm, the growth is going to be more challenged moving forward.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you for the question. I'll give you some context. I mentioned that we see roughly in the mid-teens now after about three months, which we're very pleased in and some more flavor on that. If you think about the HCPs and the doctors that prescribe in the US now, you've got about 9, 000. Those are the dermatologists and some allergists. There's about 3,000 of those physicians that are the big prescribers. They're very productive. Those 3,000 are the ones that are driving Skyrizi, for example, or other big brands in psoriasis.  So we see, after just about three months, we see almost 1,000 doctors that have prescribed Rinvoq. And so that's driving that 15%. Some of it depends in terms of where the in-play share ends up, how many of the competitors come in. We're not really sure that baricitinib will come into the market. We'll have to see. We haven't seen much Pfizer activity yet. To give you some sort of international perspective in the Canadian market, we're seeing where there's really just Dupi and Rinvoq at this point after a couple of quarters, we're seeing a 30% in-play share in Canada.  So we are, as I mentioned, very, very encouraged with the early adoption. In particular, my comment around, how fast once you see the first prescription take place with some of those productive doctors, how fast they go to the second or third. To give you some flavor of what we see in the US, and again, the data is early, we see, as expected, the majority of our use so far in that dynamic market are not switches necessarily. We see about, let's say, 1/3, believe it or not, that are not even exposed to Dupi. And the doctors are saying, look, I've already given another oral systemic, for example, but the itch and the skin is so severe that they're going to go -- I'm going to go right and get the relief with Rinvoq.  And then maybe the other two-third, you see Dupi partial responders, particularly related to the itch, just isn't suppressed as much, and they still have some skin involvement. Or there is, as we've highlighted before, a warehouse of Dupi non-responders that has been built up over the last four years. So that's the behavior that we see. Again, I'm very encouraged on the early results, not just in the US but around the world. Rinvoq is going to be a real player in this underserved market.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So important question. So the way that we see the market for the other ILs, I do think that there will be a segment of conservative dermatologists that will attempt to sequence. And I think that largely that they'll be disappointed because it seems the newer agents are very, very difficult to distinguish from Dupixent. I think certainly, there could be market access dynamics that start to appear with subsequent ILs, I think that's something that we will watch and you would want to watch.  I think what's, again, maybe not appreciated as we watch the early quarters of performance in Europe and the first quarter of performance here in the US, is that there's significant amount of early adopters and dermatologists that will go right to a JAK inhibitor, as I mentioned. They're not always sequencing through Dupi. And it's because the severity of some of these patients and the level of the clinical involvement is very, very significant.  And so, we do see what you would call a significant amount of naive use based on the profile of the JAK inhibitor. Now these are early adopters. These are people that have already contemplated the risk benefit and I think that's important. And so, the way that we see the market developing is that, when physicians would start with Dupi, which will be in a significant proportion of patients, it's not clear at all that their next step will be another IL that has been approved or will be approved.  In fact, we think it's more likely that they will move towards the best JAK that can get to these high levels of skin clearance, the EZ 90 plus almost no perceived itch. And I think that's the endpoint that this market is going to move towards and Rinvoq is the drug that clearly can deliver on that promise. And so that's how we see the market developing, and that's why we remain encouraged on the early results around the world from what we're seeing with the agent.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you, Chris. It's Jeff. So, with your first question is -- we're very confident that we are going to get to high levels of paid access for Rinvoq and Skyrizi's new indications. So, typically, what we'll see based on the approval timeline, we'll be ramping up into the -- by the middle of the year up in the high 90s in terms of our access -- for commercial access. So, I think that everyone should be confident that, that's where you're going to start to see this bridge program start to fully convert as the months go by into the paid prescription. So, typically, that's the timing we're looking at. You're going to see very strong momentum on paid access by -- towards the end of next quarter is what we've guided towards. So, that's the answer to your first question. I think if you think about -- and maybe just to frame the Humira question. The Humira fundamentals are -- and the market fundamentals are quite strong. You see the markets are performing nicely. Our market share growth trends, we haven't seen any trend shift. They've been largely stable. There's some sequential decline based on the size of the market and actually our own brand, Skyrizi and Rinvoq that are playing very strongly into these markets. What I would say is that, in some cases, Q1 can be quite unique over the years. You've got the issue with the plans resetting their deductibles, you've got issues with doctors that have to put in another prior authorization for the year. And so you do see some co-pay and sort of deductible dynamic. But we think that's really a first quarter type of event, and it's largely been very consistent with what we expected. So, maybe I don't know, Rob, if you want to build on that a little bit.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, Thank you for the question. And it is a significant opportunity. So, as we highlighted and Tom highlighted, the NDA has been accepted, and we're confident in the approval. I think what we said in the past is that just with the base indication. So, before we get that approval, I mean, the FDA has to still approve it towards the end of the year. We believe that we can ramp towards a $4 billion opportunity. So, that would mean our share just in the base indications of a unique profile with the mania, the mix manian depression, the bipolar depression, we moved somewhere up sort of doubling our share penetration. So right now, we're at about 2.7% TRx share. So we we'd really get close to doubling that based on the momentum.  And then MDD would build on top of that. And so it's significant. I mean, the physicians that we've talked to when we show them the profile are very pleased. First, they know Vraylar, they like Vraylar, they like the strong efficacy, they highlight nonsedating, they highlight at least verbally a brightening effect of the agent, minimal weight gain, metabolic effects. And so as they think about that, how that would translate to adjunctive MDD, they like that profile. The other piece that we hear is they like the starting dose. They like that starting dose of the 1.5 milligram dose, which is what we believe that ultimately will be approved. We'll have to see. So easy to start, easy to take, well tolerated. And so to your point, we believe that MDD will offer some upside and acceleration to the brand's momentum when we achieve it.
Jeff Stewart: And Vamil, it's Jeff now. So I think -- look, we are pleased with the Ubrelvy momentum. I mean, actually, since we launched Qulipta, Ubrelvy has accelerated. So, we have to -- because we can't see the competitor because you can see the whole thing. But when we factor Nurtec by 8 versus 16, and we try to understand the acute dynamic, we can see that we're clearly the market-leading acute CGRP and that's nice to see. The physicians really like Ubrelvy, the markets are robust. I think what you're seeing is what Rob highlighted in terms of the overall performance. I didn't really fully appreciate your second question in terms of the access. I can give you a broad overview. Obviously, we're seeing great momentum with the brand. Much of the brand is still because the access is ramping is still bridged, just like we discussed there with the immunology agent.  So we think, again, by the middle of the year, we're going to see commercial access really start to ramp, and you'll see the conversion start to take place. What's nice is that we're confident in that. We think that our price points and net price or negotiations are going well. And because of its unique profile, as an agent, basically, the strength of the drug is really significant in terms of its performance against episodic migraine. We feel like we're in good shape. And we're going to build on top of that basically 25% in-play share, which is right now at the top of the league table. So, that's how we see it. We're confident in the access ramp.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. It's pretty similar based on the way that the pricing and the different dynamics work on the other CGRP. It's not -- it's just sort of a straight -- it's a straight play on the access there.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, I don't see, Geoff, much difference. I mean if you think of it in some ways, even on -- let's take Rinvoq, for example. I mean, you could say, wow, in prior viewpoints, maybe everyone will step behind a biosimilar at some point in the future. Well, one, we didn't think that, that would happen wide scale as the market develops anyway. But even if it did, our label is already behind a TNF. And so when you look at the level of efficacy that Rinvoq's bringing in those later lines, I mean it's -- we're really quite insulated from that, I would put forth. And second Skyrizi is just -- is a phenomenal asset. I mean the level of performance and what it's doing to transform certainly psoriasis today, PSA right now and what we think will happen with Crohn's and ultimately, IBD, when you look at the level of healing and sort of restating that standard of care, we think the assets themselves are quite well positioned for the middle part of the decade, and that sort of goes to the elements of the planning that Rick talked about.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you for the question. It's Jeff again. So we are very, very encouraged by the IBD momentum that we can build. And we're right on the cusp of it. And to give some sense is basically this market -- the market of Crohn's and you see that – it actually has fairly high biologic penetration.  When we do our research and our engagement with the physicians, what they typically have done for more than a decade since the availability of Remicade and then Humira, they really hang on as much as possible to their first-line use. They try to intensify, they do all sorts of things because it's quite scary for the physicians and the patients because no one set a different standard of care. So when you start to look at the healing rates that we start to see with Rinvoq in UC, the healing of the bowel, the remission rate, the combination of what we can see, this market looks very, very good to have both of those assets come in with higher standards of care. So we're very, very encouraged and we think that the IBD market is probably underappreciated in terms of what that looks like. And the patients are so challenged with their disease because it's quite severe with the bowel preparations, the hospitalizations, all of these things, having two assets is a great thing to bring to the market. Certainly, in the US, it's likely we see that with UC today that you're going to have later line use based on the labeling.  Skyrizi is not going to have that limitation. So, you can imagine that you have an ability to co-position to sequence appropriately to think about how you bring that whole portfolio around the world and that's how we see it. We're quite encouraged that we would have both Rinvoq for Crohn's and Rinvoq for Skyrizi in the market. And it's kind of very similar to my comments I made on what's happening with PSA today in rheumatology, where both of those assets Rinvoq for PSA and Skyrizi PSA are in the market together working as a portfolio. To get to your first point, it's been only a month or so with our UC launch, but the physicians, gastros are very encouraged with the profile. They've not seen the level of remission or the level of healing before in any asset. So, there's quite a wow reaction to the efficacy profile. They realize that they have to think about, I've got to think through my patients that are not doing well on TNF or have cycled through a TNF and are struggling. And I mentioned that's a pretty large addressable population. It's at least 50% of the market today. So early qualitative results are quite strong. And the BRIDGE results are also quite strong. So, we're pleased with the gastro launches thus far.
Jeff Stewart: Okay. It's Jeff. Just to comment on your BRIDGE question. Thank you for that. So the BRIDGE transition will be very efficient. So, what I mean by that is because of the connections that we have with the payers and our specialty pharmacy network, we're able to – once access is achieved rapidly and appropriately transition patients from the BRIDGE to basically their paid pharmacy in their prescription.  So, there's not going to be lingering bridge effects, particularly in the immunology space. So, once it starts to move and that access ramps, the BRIDGE transition is quite fast. And that can be within weeks or a month. And we know that that's the case because we have the model from our earlier launches from Skyrizi and Rinvoq. So ultimately, once you start to achieve those high levels of access, BRIDGE programs drop very, very fast, and the vast majority, the very vast majority is paid prescriptions. So it's very efficient, and I hope that helps.
Neil Gallagher: Hi, this is Neil Gallagher. I'll take the question regarding epcoritamab. So, we recently reported data from the expansion cohort of relapsed/refractory DLBCL patients. We reported an overall response rate of 63% with a median duration of response of 12 months. One thing that's really important to bear in mind is that this is a pretty refractory patient population with a median number of prior therapies of 3.5 in a range up to 11 in at the upper end. And importantly, just under 40% of these patients have failed prior therapy with the CAR-T. Overall, the safety profile remains manageable with the vast majority of the cases of CRS at class effect with these agents being Grade 1 and 2. To directly address your question, we are not yet ready to reveal additional detail about the data. They will be revealed at a forthcoming medical meeting. And in fact, I was just in contact with the team yesterday and I know that they're working very diligently to get those data on a podium in a meeting in the very near future.
Neil Gallagher: Thanks Steve. This is Neil. I'll take the first question on epcoritamab. The fact that we saw such remarkable activity in a patient population that had failed CAR-T does not imply that the medicine should be positioned after failure of CAR-T. I think they are two very different classes of medicines, as you know. CAR-T has significant challenges with respect to the need for -- to be prior to administration. Whereas the safety profile with epcoritamab is extremely manageable. And again, I don't want to repeat what I said earlier on around CRS. So, overall, we see a very strong benefit risk profile emerging for the medicine. And therefore, our intention is to move the medicine into earlier lines of therapy initially gain an approval with respect to -- gain approval in refractory DLBCL and after that move the medicine into earlier lines of therapy.
Neil Gallagher: This is Neil. With respect to the question on Venclexta, venetoclax CANOVA. So the CANOVA study is a study of venetoclax in multiple myeloma patients with a particular translocation, t(11;14). We're making extremely good progress with the study, and we fully anticipate having a Phase III data from the study during the course of 2022. We know from this particular patient population that were included in earlier studies with Venclexta that they are explicitly sensitive to treatment with the medicines in various combinations. The prevalence of this population is around 20% of multiple myeloma and multiple myeloma, as you know, is the common of [indiscernible] malignancy. So, this is a very significant proportion of the multiple myeloma population that could gain benefit from Venclexta. And as mentioned, we're looking forward to being able to communicate the Phase III data during the course of 2022. Thanks for the question.
Neil Gallagher: Hey Robyn, it's Neil, I'll start off with the question around epcoritamab, but maybe just a comment -- a general comment on accelerated approval overall. I think as we're all aware, it prompted your question that the agencies in the course of -- in the process of updating its guidance with respect to accelerated approval. We haven't seen the totality of that guidance, but we anticipate hearing more from them during the course of 2022. As I alluded to, and I'm not going to repeat what I said earlier on about the epco data, but we are extremely pleased with how the molecule is performing, and it is our intent to engage with the agency based on the data that we've toplined recently. It is our intent to engage with the agency in a conversation to explore a path to accelerated approval. And likewise, with some of our other programs, we recently got a BTD designation for Teliso-V, for example, earlier this year with a 54% response rate in c-Met high non-small-cell lung cancer. Again, it is our intent when we have data that are these strong to continue to engage with the agency on those programs to explore potential costs to accelerated approval. So thanks for the question.
