Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; Scott Reents, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President, AbbVie and President, Global Allergan Aesthetics; and Roopal Thakkar, Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer, Global Therapeutics. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer, Global Research. Before we get started, I'll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Scott. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question, please.
Liz Shea: Well, thanks, Evan. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Carrie Strom: Thank you, Jeff. First quarter global aesthetic sales were over $1.2 billion, reflecting a modest decline on an operational basis. In the U.S., aesthetic sales of $776 million were roughly flat versus the prior year. We continue to see sustained momentum in the facial injectable market recovery that emerged in the back half of last year. Consistent with the past few quarters, the toxin market grew by a mid-single-digit percentage. We saw similar year-over-year increases in the number of facial filler procedures, representing a return to quarterly market growth for the first time since early 2022. From a competitive perspective, our U.S. aesthetics portfolio continues to perform well. Market share for both Botox Cosmetic and Juvederm was stable in the first quarter as these assets remain the clear market leaders. While we're pleased that the market and share trends across U.S. facial injectables are aligned with our previous expectations, our first quarter results were impacted by customers holding lower than normal inventory levels at quarter end. This dynamic relates to a decision made during the quarter to shift the timing of certain promotional activities into the second quarter. We therefore expect inventory levels to normalize in the second quarter and remain on track to deliver full year aesthetics sales growth in the U.S. Internationally, first quarter aesthetic sales were $473 million reflecting an operational decline of 5.5%. Consistent with our expectations, growth in China was impacted by persistent economic headwinds as well as a challenging comparison versus the first quarter of last year, which benefited from a robust recovery post-COVID. We are monitoring the economic developments across China and continue to anticipate a recovery in the second half of this year. Our pipeline continues to generate important new assets. Uptake of our recently launched Volux and SkinVive products remain strong, underscoring the importance of innovation within aesthetics. Given this context, we are excited for the upcoming launch of Juvederm Voluma XC for the treatment of temple hollows. As the only dermal filler approved for use in the upper face, we anticipate the Voluma XC introduction will activate more consumers and support the long-term growth of our filler portfolio. And within our toxin pipeline, we continue to expect FDA approval of the platysma prominence indication for Botox near the end of this year, enhancing Botox growth potential as a noninvasive treatment to reduce the appearance of vertical neck bands and improve jawline definition. We also remain on track to submit a new drug application for our short acting toxin, BoNT/E, before the end of this year. This novel toxin has demonstrated a rapid onset of action as well as a short duration of effect, meaningfully lowering the barrier for toxin adoption across consumers who have been considering but hesitant to try Botox. Given this profile, BoNT/E has significant market expansion potential as satisfied patients would naturally convert to Botox. Overall, the underlying trends across our aesthetics portfolio align well with our previous expectations and we remain on track to deliver high-single-digit global aesthetics growth this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Roopal.
Carrie Strom: This is Carrie. So first, I'll give a little bit of context to the fundamentals in terms of market growth and market share, which were in line with our expectations. So our market share continues to be strong and stable. For Botox Cosmetic, despite a new competitor, strong stable share at high levels. And then for our Juvederm line continued share strength, even some share pickup in in the past few quarters, as we launch our new products. So like you said, those fundamentals are in line with our expectations. As we were going through the quarter, we really realized that the aesthetics market is quite sensitive to seasonality with Q2 and Q4 typically having the highest volume. And after a few years of COVID and economic disruption, we're now anticipating a return to that typical seasonality. So we shifted investment in some of our sales and marketing efforts into Q2, which impacted customer and sales promotional timing and activities, which then resulted in lower inventory held by our customers in Q1. And we do expect that to come back in Q2 and the rest year. And I'll let Scott address the rest of that question.
Carrie Strom: This is Carrie. I'll address your question on aesthetics in China. And we do expect economic headwinds that we're seeing in China to persist over the near-term with the China aesthetics market flat overall for 2024. So the way to think about it is to expect negative market until the recovery starts to begin in the second half of 2024. China does remain a very important market for our aesthetics business. And as the market there starts to recover, we will continue to invest in consumer activation, injector training and continue to launch new products in the support market.
Scott Reents: Thank you, Roopal. Starting with our first quarter results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.31, which is $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. These results include an $0.08 unfavorable impact from acquired IP R&D expense. Total net revenues were $12.3 billion, $400 million ahead of our guidance and reflecting a return to growth of 1.6% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.9% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Importantly, these results reflect more than 15% sales growth from our ex-Humira growth platform. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 42.2% of sales. This includes adjusted gross margin of 82.9%, adjusted R&D expense of 14.7%, acquired IP R&D expense of 1.3% and adjusted SG&A expense of 24.6%. Adjusted net interest expense was $429 million. The adjusted tax rate was 14.8%. Turning to our financial outlook. We are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $11.13 and $11.33. This increase of $0.16 at the midpoint includes $0.26 of operating overperformance partially offset by $0.10 of higher dilution due to the earlier close of ImmunoGen. As previously communicated, this earnings per share guidance includes $0.42 of dilution related to the recently closed acquisition of ImmunoGen and the pending acquisition of Cerevel. Please also note that this guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred beyond the first quarter. We now expect total net revenues of approximately $55 billion, an increase of $800 million. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.9% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. This revenue forecast includes the following updated assumptions with the entire sales increase driven by our ex-Humira growth platform. We now expect Skyrizi global revenue of $10.7 billion, an increase of $200 million due to strong momentum across all approved indications. Rinvoq total sales of $5.6 billion, an increase of $100 million, reflecting robust uptake in IBD. Imbruvica total revenue of $3.1 billion, an increase of $200 million, reflecting lower erosion and Elahere total sales to AbbVie of $450 million, an increase of roughly $200 million, reflecting a partial year of revenue following the February close of the ImmunoGen acquisition. Moving to the P&L for 2024. We continue to forecast adjusted gross margin of approximately 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 14%, adjusted SG&A expense of 23.5% and an adjusted operating margin ratio of roughly 46.5%. We now expect adjusted net interest expense of $2.2 billion, which includes the partial year cost in 2024 to finance the ImmunoGen and Caravel transactions. Turning to the second quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $14 billion, which includes U.S. Humira erosion of approximately 32%, reflecting a step-up in volume erosion and with the recent CVS formulary change, partially offset by a onetime price benefit also associated with that change. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.3% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We are forecasting adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 49.5% of sales, and we are also modeling a non-GAAP tax rate of 16.4%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.05 and $3.09. This guidance does not include acquired IP R&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. In closing, I'm very pleased with the excellent start to the year. We are demonstrating strong momentum across the portfolio and our financial outlook remains very strong. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
Scott Reents: Sure. Thanks, Carrie. So Vamil to quantify the inventory impact in the first quarter, it was a little bit more than $50 million between Juvederm and Botox and you can think of that as being split roughly 2/3 to about and 1/3 to Juvederm. And I think as Carrie mentioned in her remarks that impact of that inventory will -- we expect that to turn in the second quarter.
Scott Reents: Sure. It's Scott. With respect to the Elahere full quarter of sales, we closed mid-year in February. Prior to that there were -- according to what we've seen approximately, just let me just double check here, $70 million -- I'm sorry, $110 million in the full quarter, $113 million in the full quarter.
Scott Reents: Trung, this is Scott. I'll start with your question regarding the price benefit. So in my remarks, I indicated that with the formulary change in CVS and the volume step-down we saw there that there's a onetime price benefit associated with that. And you can think of this as we have the volume declines, that volume had been associated with price that we would have been paying in terms of rebate that those rebates will no longer be paid. Therefore, there's a one-time price benefit associated with that initial step down in the quarter. So that's what that relates to.
Scott Reents: It's Scott. So you're right. With respect to the schedule relative payments. So you have to remember that these are on a bit of a lag, so they don't track each quarter sales. But the $400 million was the amount in the first quarter that we paid in cash payment.
Robert Michael: This is Rob. I'll take that question. So if you think about ’24, ‘25. I mean, clearly, the ex-Humira growth platform is demonstrating great momentum. If you just think about Skyrizi and Rinvoq alone are growing by more than $4 billion per year. Aesthetics will recover to high single-digit growth. Our neuroscience franchise will grow by over $1 billion this year on the heels of strong momentum for Vraylar and our migraine portfolio and we will have incremental contributions from Vyalev and Elahere in '25. So we have several drivers that will offset Humira erosion next year as well as the Part D benefit redesign impact and allow us to still deliver robust revenue growth. When you think about that redesign impact, it will really spread across our business, most concentrated in immunology and oncology. And we would estimate that total revenue impact could be worth several points of growth, while we'll still deliver robust revenue growth, we will have that headwind in '25. But keep in mind, for us, the IRA impact really hits us in '25 and isn't a significant headwind in the years that follow as products that are subject to negotiation will not have that Part D cost share impact. So the way to think about it is despite that headwind in '25, we will still deliver robust growth, with that growth rate accelerating in the years that follow. And then if you think about on a margin perspective, we're going to continue to expand operating margins. So that will be a tailwind. You should be, though modeling annualization of interest expense from these transactions. And keep in mind that we essentially would have -- think of it as a roughly half year for Cereval and 10.5 months this year for ImmunoGen. So that should be something that you do model for '25. So we'll have robust revenue growth we'll have earnings growth, not quite at the rate of the revenue growth because of that annualization impact. But then when you get to ‘26 and beyond, you have even faster revenue growth and very robust earnings growth. So that's probably the best way to think about the profile of the company. But when you look at that ex-Humira growth platform, there's a lot of momentum there and we are very well positioned to deliver very robust growth.
Robert Michael: And Chris, this is Rob. On your question regarding the guidance for this year. I think it's important to note yes, we've said that the vast majority of the erosion is price. We've talked about that dynamic. If you think about first half, second half, we have the annualization impact given the mid-year step-up in rebates last year. So the annualization impact comes through in the first half, you'd expect price erosion to be greater in the first half or the second half. But at the same time, we did contemplate volume erosion because we were very well aware of the CVS contract. We gave you that guidance. And so we have contemplated that volume erosion, but that's more of a second half versus first half as well as the potential for we knew with an interchangeable coming in, there could be some marginal amount of volume pickup there. So we did put in volume erosion in our guidance, but the vast majority of it is price, but I don't want investors to think that we didn't put any volume into our guidance. We were very well aware of the CVS contract. And I think we made some prudent assumptions on potentially other impacts. But overall, we're still tracking in line with that guidance.
Robert Michael: And Carter, this is Rob. Just to clarify my earlier comments. Yes, it is ex-IP R&D. We always guide to ex-IP R&D. What I was trying to highlight is you should expect robust revenue growth in '25 and that growth accelerating in 2016 and beyond given that Part D benefit redesign impact in '25. And given that operating margin will expand, you typically would expect our earnings to grow faster than our revenue. And that is generally true with 1 exception in '25 being that we will have an annualization impact from net interest expense. We'll still deliver a very solid earnings growth. But as you model it, just keep in mind that while you expect typically earnings to outpace revenue growth given expanding operating margin, you do have that dynamic in '25, that's important for your modeling.
Robert Michael: Gary, I'll take your question. This is Rob. I'll take your question on the FTC. We are working closely with the agency on their additional requests I mean, keep in mind that we do not have any overlapping MOAs with Cereval and Vraylar share in schizophrenia is very low. The vast majority of Vraylar sales comes from the bipolar and AMBD indications. In the case of davapidon, it will serve the early Parkinson's segment, which Duodopa and Vyalev do not participate in. So we don't have any concerns with the merits of the transaction and continue to expect closing it in the middle of the year.
Robert Michael: Yes, this is Rob. I'll confirm that, what Jeff is saying. I mean it's tracking in line with our expectations. We are not saying that volume is worse than we originally guided. We're saying this is tracking in line with our expectations. We try to characterize for you the price versus volume dynamics? Obviously, saying it's the price erosion is the vast majority of the decline, but there is volume, and it's tracking exactly as we anticipated. So there isn't an additional downside here. As Jeff mentioned, we did have slightly better performance in the first quarter. But again, it was -- I mean, I think, to the tune of $30 million to $40 million on this book of business, not overly material, but ahead of the initial expectation.
Robert Michael: Steve, this is Rob. I'm going to come back to your previous question and maybe I understand where the confusion could be. That one-time price benefit is a year-over-year dynamic. It was contemplated in our guidance. When you have a formulary change you essentially have those rebates go away and you recognize that. That was part of our guidance. That was not a benefit versus our guidance. That's a benefit in the year-over-year. So if you look at Scott guided to I think it was 32%.
Robert Michael: Erosion in the second quarter, which is lower than -- it was around 40% in the first quarter. So naturally, you'd wonder why would you have less erosion. Well, there's that year-over-year dynamic but that was how we planned the year. We anticipated it because we knew about the change that was coming in April 1. So I don't want to interpret that as a benefit versus our guidance, that's a benefit in the year-over-year calculation.
Jeff Stewart: Chris, it's Jeff. So the contracting season typically starts April or May. And frankly, as we've highlighted before can run in the immunology category really through the end of the year. So we have a few philosophies that we look towards, which are -- we want to continue to basically make sure that patients if possible, based on our pricing concessions aren't disrupted because when you start to disrupt patients, they do struggle with the change. It's a change in their treatment course. And so as we look to that, we've historically highlighted that we are negotiating for parity contracts with Humira. And we do put some controls in place in some cases, but not all, we seek multi-year contracts with our payers to try to establish the relationship, the pricing, et cetera and we will think of ways to make sure that those contracts can hold. So they have some teeth in them. They can't just be willy-nilly discarded. And so it is a long-term, in some cases, partnership over a couple of years with these payers. I can't go into the details over exactly how those controls work. But suffice it to say that there's terms and timing and limits in terms of when contracts can be changed even maybe some clawbacks in some cases. So because we want these more sustained relationships because of our position in the category with these great brands, we typically use those sort of techniques and that's how we go for it. So again, it's hard to look forward too much because it is dynamic as we look to '25. But we've been quite successful in maintaining good access for our brands and certainly, Humira is tracking in line with our expectations.
Jeff Stewart: It's Jeff. I'll take the first question. So Crohn's is larger than you see. I mean, if you look at the overall market or revenue, I think it's 65%, 70%. So it's -- Crohn's is very, very significant. Having said that, ulcerative colitis is a multibillion-dollar opportunity for us. It's still a very, very underpenetrated and substantial indication. So it's weighted about 65 -- 35 --70-30, but still, I wouldn't underestimate what ulcerative colitis means. And I think I would add in concert with my prepared remarks, we've seen very, very significant acceleration into frontline Crohn's disease with Skyrizi. And what's remarkable, we studied a very, very difficult population in ulcerative colitis, but we still had substantial amount of naive patients. And the performance in that naive population is exceptional. I mean, it is at the very, very top of the league table terms of overall ability to get to endoscopic clearance and symptom control. And so we like that setup because, obviously, we have exactly the same representatives who are establishing the Crohn's indication in frontline, and we know that we can bring UC very fast afterwards when we get the approval this year. So it's a substantial global opportunity, not the size that we'll see over the LRP with Crohn's, but still one of our largest opportunities that we have in the category. And I'll ask Roopal based on the safety data he highlighted to comment on the second question.
Jeff Stewart: And Terence, it's Jeff again. One more comment. I mentioned how we're excited about the naive position for both Skyrizi, CD and UC coming. But what's also nice is those same representatives are in the office and are able to highlight basically a one-two punch, where you use Skyrizi first in earlier lines based on this exquisite data. And then obviously, for later lines, you can use Rinvoq. And so we actually see in the marketplace that, that combination and that positioning is allowing us right now in real time, capturing almost towards 40% of all in-play share with Skyrizi first and Rinvoq second. So it's an encouraging position as we fill out that portfolio.
Jeff Stewart: Yes, it's a great question. So it's early, but we believe the data is accurate. I mean, if you look at the first two weeks to give you some sense, and this is inclusive of the Cordavis Humira. There was a downdraft of about 13,000 prescriptions for Humira from baseline. And the biosimilars captured about -- which was primarily the Cordavis Humira, captured about 10. So there's 3,000 prescriptions or over 20% that we can see in our data moving to other mechanisms of action, including our Skyrizi and Rinvoq. And again, it's very logical because this is just not a one-to-one type of switch like these physicians are interviewing and discussing with patients, their care path forward. And so we think that clearly, some are moving to other mechanisms, and we've seen that in other analogs as well. So we believe the data is accurate. Again, it's early. We're going to continue to monitor it. Where that ultimately lands, we'll have to see. Again, I want to reiterate the pure Humira downdraft is within line with what we assumed and we are seeing this other market behavior that's taking place.
Jeff Stewart: It's Jeff again. I would say that we're not anticipating like a wholesale restructure of the PBM industry, for example. I mean, we certainly think that there's very reasonable chance of sort of transparency reform, exactly how some of the economics are working, maybe transparencies to the government or downstream to the clients, that's very possible. But a major wholesale change, we don't see that happening in the near-term. Obviously, we are continuing to monitor that and would make adjustments as we might need to. Regarding your atopic dermatitis question, I think the answer is really a bit of both. I think as we've highlighted before, the market here is exceptional in terms of the low bio penetration or oral and bio penetration. It's really only about 4% or 5%. And so I think Sanofi's comments are very well timed. I mean this marketplace is going to grow significantly as this innovation is able to be delivered to the global population with this very serious disease. But we also think this Level Up study is good for our market share penetration, and I'll give you some perspective. Our U.S. market share is lower. It's around 9%. So typically, where our countries have been able to highlight more direct comparisons. We couldn't do that because of the starting dose, I highlighted. We see that most of our international affiliates have market shares in the mid-teens in some cases in the low 20s. And so the ability to bring a comparative study that's directly linked to the U.S. label and show the physicians how you can get to higher levels of control and really patients want -- they want no disease on their skin and they really don't want itch if they can get there. And that's what we studied in Level Up. So we think it's certainly going to help with both market expansion and in particular, around the world with our ability to capture some more share. So I hope that helps.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. I think we'll probably pass on the number of lives locked up. I mean we are confident, given the market position TAM of Skyrizi and Rinvoq, I think, in particular around the momentum that we have across the Skyrizi indication that we're going to have very favorable access in 2025 and beyond. I think the other thing that we've highlighted is I'm very pleased with how the adoption of Skyrizi is going in IBD. I mean it's very, very clear that we're taking significant share from Stelara and the doctors are voting with their pen, or they're basically electronic prescribing because the ability to get these very sensitive patients under significant control, the world's really never seen anything like the sequence trial in terms of the ability to control the most difficult aspect of this challenging disease. So as time goes by, we think that differentiation is going to aid us significantly as we think about the formulary positions relative to not only Humira, but also to Stelara.
Jeff Stewart: And it's Jeff. What we also see in the marketplace, a big catalyst that we saw in the first quarter was the movement from the accelerated approval to the full approval that Roopal highlighted with the MIRASOL data. So we were rapidly able to basically integrate that into all the material of the medical liaisons and certainly account managers and sales folks. And having that definitive table in the label and the ability to go deeper into our call plan is going to be very positive to continue the growth rates through the rest of the year. In terms of off-label, that's difficult to say. We think that the majority of the sales thus far are in that platinum-resistant population. However, the guidelines do allow for reimbursement with different levels of FRA alpha some of the updates that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we'll continue to monitor it, but there's certainly a significant headroom in terms of the populations that are coming in terms of the ovarian cancer marketplace.
Jeff Stewart: It's Jeff. I'll take the competitiveness comment in terms of what we're looking at. We're very pleased with the competitive -- our ability to gain market share in these segments. I'll start off with migraine. We continue to be the new to brand share leader in Botox for chronic migraine, and we see that Qulipta is accelerating significantly. So Qulipta is now the leading preventative agent. And what's nice is there's very little interaction with Botox because if you're an injector, you use Botox, if you're not an injector, you have access to a fantastic drug with Qulipta. So Qulipta is really clearly taking over the market leadership position among the injectable and the oral CGRPs. Ubrelvy continues to have a very meaningful and substantial lead over the main competitor, Nurtec and we are seeing some increased penetration into the larger triptan segment, which is key to our long-term growth. Vraylar continues to perform very well, ongoing market growth. And it's really because we have -- if we look at our perceptions, Gary, of our key prescribers, you're at the very, very top of the table, the league table in terms of perceptions around the efficacy around adjunctive major depression, which is our most recent indication and we have probably the best scope of indications for bipolar 1. And so both of those are allowing us to continue to gain share. So we're in a pretty good position. We also feel that the gross to net our vouchers, our co-pay, which sometimes can get a little funky in the first quarter. We have strong controls there and we're seeing a lot of stability. So overall, those businesses are performing very well
Jeff Stewart: Yes. So it's Jeff. So I'll try to take that. So the first part was the first quarter. I mean, it was marginally better in terms of overall performance because we didn't see -- obviously, we didn't see any volume disruption until 401. Now when you look at 401 and we look after three weeks, we look at our model in terms of the expectation around retention of Humira with the CVS template, that's largely tracking in line with what our expectations were with a bit of the surprise that some of that Humira is not going to the biosimilar, as I mentioned, is going to other mechanisms including Skyrizi and Rinvoq. So overall, as we look to the balance of the -- really the first quarter, what we're seeing play out in the second quarter and look to the full year, our commentary, and I'll ask Rob to highlight if he has anything to add is very much in line with what we've guided at the beginning of the year. So no material change in what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. And in terms of what we see going forward, as I highlighted, we don't see a significant exclusionary action where Humira would be removed from a formulary going forward. We did plan for, obviously, that smaller plans may make some adjustments to their formularies. That's all within the volume degradation and the pricing dynamics that we put into our guidance. And as I mentioned in one of the comments, some of the payers, not super large would maybe consider this idea of starting new patients on the biosimilars versus maintaining all the existing patients on Humira. So if you were to see that, you shouldn't be surprised about that and that would be within the contemplated approaches that we're taking as we look across '24 with our knowledge of what's happening in the marketplace.
