Larry Peepo: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Laura Schumacher, Executive Vice President, Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel; and Scott Brun, Vice President of Clinical Development.  Rick will begin by discussing AbbVie’s results from the first quarter and then provide an update on our pipeline and some of the key milestones we expect this year. Bill will give a more detailed review of our quarterly performance and then provide an overview of our 2014 outlook. Following our comments, we’ll take your questions. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie’s operations is included in our 2013 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today’s conference call as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Rick.
Larry Peepo: Thanks Bill, and we’ll now open the call for questions. Elan (ph), we’ll take our first question, please.
Larry Peepo: Thanks Colin – this is Larry. I’ll start with some Humira overview, as you mentioned. Certainly we’re seeing very good growth by indication. In general, I would say we’re seeing the rheum growth in kind of the mid to high single digit range. The derm area is growing probably close to mid single digits, and in gastro we’re seeing more strong double-digit growth there. Ex-U.S., it’s a little bit harder to cut it by indication, but as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we continue to see nice double-digit growth across the major markets ex-U.S. In terms of share at this point in time, we would say that we’re seeing gains in rheum – we’ve got about a 25% share there. We see steady derm share at about a 40% share, and gastro we’re seeing share gains there and we’re probably about a 45% shareholder there, toggled between number one and number two there, number one in derm. So very pleased with the progress that we’re seeing, strong commercial execution across the board. The mix of sales right now, we see RA in the U.S. is actually just a little bit below 40% of our overall sales. Ex-U.S., it’s probably around 35%. The gastro space is probably around 25% or so of the overall sales mix, both here in the U.S. and ex-U.S. The derm space is probably in the range of 15% or so of sales in both geographies, and then the remainder is a little heavier ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis component ex-U.S. – call it 25% or so, and in the U.S. that component is around 20% of our sales mix, so it’s becoming a nicely diversified book of business for us overall in both geographies. 
Larry Peepo: Thanks Mark. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call after 11:00 am Central time today, visit our website or you can call 866-491-2909, pass code 42514. The audio replay will be available until midnight on Friday, May 9.  Thanks again for joining us.
Richard Gonzalez: Okay Steve, this is Rick Gonzalez. I’ll take the first one and the last one – let me start with the last one. Yeah, I think we are in a position where it just doesn’t make sense based on first quarter to change guidance. I wouldn’t say we have a philosophy where we won’t change it if ultimately we believe it should be changed going forward, but it’s just too early in the year to ultimately make that decision today.  As far as hep-C is concerned, I think it is a very interesting market as it’s evolved over time, but the one thing I’d roll out is we said early on in the process that we thought we had a very competitive profile on our product and we thought we could position this product well in the marketplace. If you recall, one of the things that we talked about is that we had done a significant amount of market research in this area and there were really three key drivers of success. One was clearly cure rates – SBR12 rates in both naïve patients but more importantly in difficult-to-treat patients; and second was therapies that were highly tolerable. Those two factors alone drove the vast majority of physician prescribing patterns. Convenience was a distant third – a very, very distant third is what we said.  At the same time, we also said that this was a large market and would stay a large market for a long period of time because of the clinical capacity and the triaging of patients over time, and that physicians and payors would want multiple options in the marketplace. We also said that we believe that the patients that would get treated first were cirrhotics, fibrotic patients, and experienced patients, that they’d be a significant amount of the treatment in the first several years. When you look at the way the market is playing out today, it’s playing out pretty close to what I just described to you, and that’s what we articulated more than a year ago. If you look at our product profile against that, we have very strong SBR12 rates in cirrhotic patients and experienced patients. We have strong individual patient data around sub-populations with very tight confidence intervals. We have extremely high tolerability with or without ribavirin. We have very low relapse rates in these patients, and we’re going to be an early entry into the marketplace and provide an alternative to the other competitive offerings. So when I look at it, it’s playing out very similar to what we expected, and I think we’ll be in a very good position to compete very effectively in this market. 
Richard Gonzalez: Thanks Jami. Okay, so I’ll cover the question on hep-C. I’m not sure what the gaps are. I mean, I just went through how I think our product fits against the market criteria, and I think that’s consistent with our view of how we’ll compete in the marketplace. I will say, look – the data is evolving here very rapidly. We just saw a lot of the competitive subset data at EASL, and the market probably needs a little time to digest that over a period of time and make some determinations as to how they want to value each of the competitive alternatives in the marketplace. But I can tell you from our perspective, we feel pretty good about our position and we feel it’s playing out very consistently with what we thought would play out in the marketplace. Having said all that, it’s certainly better to delight than disappoint, and so the number that’s out there I think is a number that certainly is one that we have confidence we can beat.
Richard Gonzalez: Jeff, this is Rick on the tender question. Well, as you know, the U.S. is a big part of this market, which isn’t a tender-driven kind of market, and then obviously a lot of the major European countries would be the other significant part, and Japan. So if you look at pure tenders across the G7, it will be a relatively small percentage of the overall revenue in this market as it exists today. 
Richard Gonzalez: Okay David, this is Rick. I’ll cover the HCV one. As it relates to pricing, as we’ve said before, if I look at the product profile that we have and I look at the mix of patients that are going to be treated first, we have a product profile that stands up quite nicely in the marketplace, so that’s not our strategy going forward. So we’re not going to talk specifically about how we’re going to deal with pricing, as I mentioned on the last call as well, but I’ll just tell you the product attributes of the AbbVie therapy, I think stand up quite nicely to what the market wants, and certainly that will be the driver of how we try to educate the market and market the product. As far as diagnosis rates are concerned, I don’t have the numbers directly in front of me but last time I recall we thought they were about 3.5 million patients in total in the United States. About half of those were currently diagnosed, and I’d say in our LRP modeling we’re not modeling out dramatic increases in newly diagnosed patients. I mean, there are obviously patients that are being diagnosed and coming into the system, but it’s probably in that high single or low double digit kind of rate. You have to remember, there’s a certain level of clinical capacity here to begin with just to get through the people that are already diagnosed that need treatment, so I think everybody will have campaigns to go forward and try to diagnose more patients, but the governing factor may be the level of clinical capacity that exists in the marketplace anyway. 
Richard Gonzalez: Chris, this is Rick. The only thing I would add to that is what will really drive access and who is treated is capacity, guidelines, and then ultimately whatever criteria the governments or managed care organizations put in place. I think those will be responsible and appropriate clinical guidelines that are put in place because they tend to come together, and the governing factor may be more one of capacity than it is other kinds of things.
Richard Gonzalez: This is Rick. So if you look at Humira and the class of anti-TNS, I think you have to reflect back on there have been many, many competitors in this market for a long period of time, and you still see Humira have a leadership position in this category. Obviously a component of that is working with governments and working with managed care organizations to ensure that you’re demonstrating the right value proposition for the product and it is priced appropriately against that value proposition, and that’s something we deal with every single day, every single year. I wouldn’t say that we’ve seen dramatic changes in the approach that we’ve had to take with those organizations. Even recently, I wouldn’t say we’ve seen dramatic changes. As it relates to Androgel, certainly we’re not projecting going forward that the market will accelerate dramatically, and so I think we’re assuming in our modeling per our long-range plan that ultimately the market will be relatively slow growing to flat going forward. 
Richard Gonzalez: Colin, this is Rick. I’ll cover the hep-C one. We’re obviously pretty early into this launch, so it’s a little difficult, I think, to project off of one quarter. I’d say it is relatively consistent with how we modeled it. If you go back to the initial PI launches, what you saw was some de-warehousing occurring and then in the first quarter or two it was high, and then it started to flatten out a bit and come down a little bit. So if you think through that and you say that was a model that you wanted to follow, that ultimately you might see it peak, come down, flatten out a bit and then you see another peak occur with the launch of all orals where you see more de-warehousing occur. But at this point, you’re looking at one quarter, you’re looking at one data point, so it’s a little hard to model against that; but I wouldn’t say it was out of the realm of what we anticipated. As far as capacity is concerned, I think we’ve talked before about the capacity. We do anticipate that there will be some expansion of capacity with all oral coming into the marketplace, so I think we will see, particularly in the United States, some expansion of capacity going forward, so we will see more patients being able to be treated by the time those products get to the marketplace.
Scott Brun: This is Scott Brun and I’ll take the second question on Duopa regarding the PDUFA date. So certainly through our interactions with FDA, they acknowledge the importance of Duopa in providing an option for patients with severe Parkinson’s disease who other than deep-brain stimulation really have no other options, so we’ve been working very closely with them to address some questions predominantly related to the use of the delivery system. Really, we’ve gotten no concerns with regard the safety efficacy profile of the product. I think this is more a factor that this is a very unique drug-device combination and we’re working with multiple constituent parts of the FDA beyond just the drug review division, so certainly there are some additional questions related to patient use, instructions for use. We’re working through those with the various FDA divisions, our partner who manufactures the pump, and our own internal AbbVie experts.  I don’t want to give you guidance on the PDUFA date right now. Certainly it will extend beyond May, but we’re working very expeditiously in partnership with the FDA to address those questions.
Scott Brun: Jami, it’s Scott. Maybe I’ll go on with the HCV second-generation. So as Rick said, we presented data at CROI showing the characteristics of our new protease inhibitor, ABT-493 and our new NS5A, ABT-530. Both are pan-genotypic with very balanced activity against genotypes 1 through 6, activity against the first generation compound typical mutations that we see arise, and frankly very interesting characteristics with regard to their barriers to resistance. So certainly if you compare these against other next-generation compounds, these compounds are ranking near the top – extremely favorably. We are in Phase II right now. We have established to our confidence that these are indeed once daily compounds without the need of ritonavir. We are very pleased with regard to what we’re seeing in patients, and we are moving forward with our Phase II program that’s going to incorporate elements of, let me say, much of what we’ve been learning about where the competition is moving with the next wave of therapy. We certainly feel we are on track for these therapies to be available in the 2017 time frame. Moving on to ABT-199, as Rick said, after we changed our dosing protocol to start at a somewhat lower dose and ramp up more slowly, we had been hospitalizing all of our CLL patients with the initiation of 199. We had monitored them very carefully, collected a very significant body of data, and certainly have seen no TLS – clinically significant TLS – with that approach. As a consequence of our analyses of these data, moving forward with the FDA we’ve been able to remove the hospitalization requirement for, I will say the majority of patients. We’re continuing hospitalization for those patients at highest risk with the most bulky disease, who frankly are also the ones who have the fewest options and the greatest ability to benefit from ABT-199 therapy. So the program is expanding rapidly with Phase III studies having initiated, so we’re going to be getting a lot more patient experience. You’re going to see what we’ve seen at the upcoming AASCO meeting. Always want to be careful about saying out of the woods, but I will say strongly off to the races based on what we’ve been seeing.
Scott Brun: It’s Scott Brun again. So with regard to our once daily formulation of our first generation regimen that will take our twice daily non-nuke polymerase ABT-333 and coformulate with the once daily 450 267, we are finishing up some of our pharmacokinetic work to make sure that we’re selecting the optimal candidate formulation. Certainly based on what those data look like and how similar the PK profiles are to the regimen with (indiscernible) will drive exactly what our next steps are going to be. Certainly if there is additional clinical work required, we fully anticipate that we’re going to be beginning that work before the end of the year, and this regimen will slot in between the entry of the first generation regimen and, as I referred to, the second generation. With regard to guidelines, certainly we work very closely with the various groups that drive the prevailing global guidelines, certainly to make sure that they understand the breadth and depth of our program. I think typically guidelines are driven by weight of evidence. Certainly you can see ADC gradings with regard to how strong evidence is, and having dedicated data in some of the most important patient groups – those that are the hardest the treat – in very significant numbers that shrink your confidence intervals and provide you greater certainty, I think is going to resonate with these guideline groups. Again, those guidelines haven’t been written yet, but if you look at how these are conventionally put together, it’s a weight of evidence approach and I think we feel very, very confident in our body of data, particularly in the groups that you referenced, such as the cirrhotics.
Scott Brun: David, it’s Scott. I completely agree with Rick. You see some varying numbers with regard to, say the U.S., how many patients are actively in care with HCV. I’ve seen numbers on the order of 400,000 –again to Rick’s point, maybe 1.5 to 1.7 diagnosed on the total of 3 million. But I think the more relevant question, as Rick laid out, if you’re trying to see how this market is going to evolve is all the various factors in the patient, their journey not only diagnosis, clinical capacity, but then some of the things certainly both in the U.S. and globally with regard to how payors are going to be looking at the cadence of treatment with certainly all the signaling that we’ve been seeing, those with the most advanced fibrosis and/or prior treatment experience coming in first. So I agree with Rick. We have not modeled and don’t need to model very aggressive diagnostic uptake in our forecast.
Scott Brun: Chris, it’s Scott Brun, so maybe I can talk about--. Obviously I don’t want to be giving away exact numbers with regard to where we’re at on our Phase II program, again just because of the competitive fervency here. But to your point, when I look at the characteristics of these drugs – and again, we’re comparing in your minds the preclinical information that’s out there and then certainly what I know about from what we’ve seen in patients so far. No, I absolutely think that this particular regimen has the potential for best-in-class. We will know more over the ensuing years as we—ensuing year as we continue our Phase II program.  But when I say for a regimen that’s going to be out in 2017, referring back to the prior question, this epidemic is going to be far from over, okay, and I’m talking in the developed markets. You just look at our throughput, even if you assume in the G7, say, on the order of 250,000 patients coming through, they are going to be a number of patients still in need and certainly this number, as you made the point, is going to be affected by healthcare system decisions on how are patients going to be prioritized. Now certainly this is a disease where the consequences occur decades after initial infection, so you do have some time before you have to act. You don’t have to treat everybody with no or little evidence of liver scarring right off the bat. Certainly I think those patients who have more advanced fibrosis or scarring or other factors that are medical indications for treatment, I cannot imagine any healthcare system is going to be making the decisions to deny that care.
Scott Brun: So maybe, Alex, going on with regard to our data particularly in cirrhotics and the payor community, look – we’ve been sharing the specifics on these data with a variety of different stakeholders that are involved in the care of these patients, ranging from again clinicians to various payor groups around the world. As I’ve said before, yeah, when you have been the only company that has done a dedicated study in a population that traditionally has had lower rates of response with any other HCV therapy that’s been seen, there’s great interest in how therapies are going to perform in this population, and I will say great appreciation to the fact that we did a very comprehensive 400-patient study in these patients to be able to provide them some granularity in terms of how sub-populations of cirrhotics will perform. Their view is we’re not—we understand there’s a population, but the individual clinician is going to be treating the 1a cirrhotic relapsed patient – they're not going to be looking at a blended population when they make their choice, and that’s exactly what payors want to be seeing. So I’d say there’s been a very robust interest in those data. Maybe I could go ahead with regard to the JAK question. Certainly we have two selective JAK1 programs ongoing, our partnered program with Galapagos and then our own internal ABT-494 selective JAK inhibitor. Certainly we’re looking at both of these in rheumatoid arthritis. We’ve also been studying Galapagos in Crohn’s disease. We will be seeing data on our JAK inhibitor on the first part of 2015.
Scott Brun: Colin, it’s Scott. I’ll go ahead and take the 199 question. So with regard to speculating on post-approval monitoring, obviously a little bit early but as we’ve said today, we’ve been able to successfully remove the requirement for hospitalization for both the low and medium risk patients, which accounts for the majority of the patients, be it either first line or later line. We’re going to continue with hospitalization for the time being on the high risk patients, which as you said are those with the bulkier tumors, but as we include more data on those patients, we’re going to continue to see how we can refine any requirements for that type of monitoring. So I just think we need some more patients under our belts for us to be able to really say what it’s going to look like at the time of launch.
Scott Brun: Yeah, definitely. Mark – Scott Brun. So Veliparib, our PARP, one of the things we’ve tried to do differently from the competition is to not just limit the use of the PARP mechanism as monotherapy in genetically deficient tumors, such as breast cancer with the BRCA mutation. So I think you can see from the Phase III trials that we’ve started so far, as a neo-adjuvant therapy in triple-negative breast cancer, these are for women who have been initially diagnosed with breast cancer where we treat with the Veliparib-based regimen prior to therapy to de-bulk the tumor. And then certainly in non-small cell lung cancer which is an area that no other PARP inhibitor has explored, we’re able to go there because we found a way to successfully combine with carboplatin-based chemotherapy. So we’re really looking to more broadly leverage the potential of PARP by using it in combination with chemotherapies reflected in our initial Phase III trials. We have an ongoing Phase II trial where we’re using it in combination with whole brain radiation in patients who have brain metastases from lung cancer. That study is going to be reading out later this year. Looking at a variety of other solid tumors in combination with other chemotherapies as well. So I’d say through a lot of the work that we’ve been doing, we’ve been able to set the stage to be able to do things with our PARP that, frankly, the competition is not currently pursuing, so I think it really broadens our opportunity for Veliparib as a consequence. 
