Rick Gonzalez: Good morning Jami. And thank you for the congratulations. Let me address your questions. So let me start with the run rate question. Yes, what we were describing to you is there are exit rate at the end of 2015. It should be above $3 billion. So, and the reason why we're characterizing it that way is because we're still assessing the speed at which the ramp will occur, and because there are many different factors that will impact that.  Obviously, a number a different processes about how the administrative and prior authorization process ramps up in the United States, how we get pricing and reimbursement, many countries around the world, the speed of which we decide and a number of other factors. So what we're basically saying to you is based on our current forecast that we have built in for 2015, as we look at that exit rate it should be above $3 billion.  Second question was around PBM access. So, if you look at our preferred position indeed it is above 20%. That includes obviously significant portion of Express Scripts. It also includes a number of different more regional based PBMs. It includes a number of Blue Cross Blue Shield or Blue Shield plans. And I think as an example Blue Shield of California announced yesterday that position, but there are a number of those they are also in the mix. And so, it's a variety of plans in those areas that make up the 20%.  And then assumptions on price post Merck's entry; I think there is a lot of factors that will play out over time obviously in most markets as you get more competition, there is some additional price pressure. But I wouldn't anticipate that we will see significant price pressure as we see more players come into the market, but it's very early to tell what that looks like going forward. It will depend a lot on the performance of those products and other aspects of the market and how it plays out. So I think, it's just very hard to predict, Jami.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, Chris, this is Rick. On the $3 billion run rate we would expect growth between 15 and 16 and if you think about the gating of countries coming online over the course of 2015 as an example, you'd certainly expect you'd see some annualized improvement year-over-year. But again, we have to see how that plays out in the timing of that. We're pleased with the progress that we're making so far. On the Managed Care contracting I think we are overall pleased with how it has proceeded. I think it's come within the expectations that we had, having overall 40% coverage for Viekira between our parity positions and our preferred positions, I think it is well within the expectations. But again, as I mentioned in my formal comments we have to see how the rest of it plays out and we're continuing to work on a number of contracts and I think those will conclude over the course of the next 30 days. But so far it's within our expectations. Thanks.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay Jeff, this is Rick. If you are asking the question of what will the US/ex-US mix be in 2015, obviously the US will be a much heavier mix based on how the gating will occur across those countries, and that mix will continue, I think going forward. As far as leakage or assumptions around what we will be able to achieve within accounts that are Gilead preferred, I think both of these products, if you look at the labels, if you look at the performance there are clearly a certain number of patients and patient types that will benefit from one therapy versus the other. So as we look at our own, we think that numbers are around 10%, for example, PI failures and decompensated cirrhotics are two examples of patient populations that will be more appropriate for the alternative.  As we look at Gilead are certainly -- as you look at our label and our performance we think there is probably in the neighborhood of about 15% that would be available for therapy, those will be transplant patients, HIV co-infected patients, patient who have significant renal insufficiency, and we also think that there will be some experienced cirrhotic patients. They could benefit from 12 weeks of therapy with Viekira verses 24 weeks of therapy with Harvoni. And so those are some examples of how we see that sorting out. 
Rick Gonzalez: Let me start with daclizumab. Certainly as we look at the daclizumab profile, we are very pleased with how it sorted out. This is a high efficacy agent. We think the subcutaneous dosing based on the market research we’ve done is something that is appealing to positions and will be appealing the patients. And so we think it as a clear fit. As far as the space I would say the MS space is an area that is attractive. It fits the profile of the kinds of markets that we’re interested in and we constantly look for opportunities within all these spaces. I can tell you, we will look at different opportunities that exist there and evaluate those and if we saw the right opportunity come along we could build us some more critical mass in the MS space, I can tell you we would be interested in that. On Duopa we've obviously had a fair amount of experience with that product in the international markets, in particular in Western Europe. And this is a product that is unique.  I mean, when you actually look at the clinical benefit that this provides for these patients it's nothing less than astonishing what the benefit that these patients get from this product. Having said that, it is also a product that has a slow ramp up because it requires a lot of training to get patients on board, to get them titrated to the right level, to get the impact it requires a fair amount of clinical support for those patients that have to be provided. So it's not a product that has a massive ramp. What we've seen in Europe in particular is that it has good strong steady growth. But we do believe that this is a product that over the long term could become a very significant product, $500 million to $750 million range. Certainly we’re seeing some estimates that were even higher than that. But it's gonna have a gentle ramp and obviously the U.S. market is an attractive market for us. So we're pleased that we've gotten it approved in the United States and we can bring that product to patients.
Rick Gonzalez: Hi Mark, so I'll cover your first question. This is Rick. You know I think the contracting strategy that we put in place was very consistent with the contracting strategy as I said in my remarks that we put in place for all the specialty products. What we say is this, it became very clear to us prior to approval as we were engaging with payers ahead of the launch that payers made it clear was that they were going to contract this category, and there were many payers that said they were going to contract this category with one preferred agent. And so, we had to dial that into our launch strategy and essentially we built the launch strategy, was built around those sets of assumptions. We priced and rebated consistent with the value of our product and what we thought was appropriate for the market and we did it around a disciplined approach around those parameters that I described. And so I don't believe that this is unusual. In fact I believe this is a very typical kind of an approach that we've taken across many specialty categories and the rest of the industry has taken it across many different categories. 
Rick Gonzalez: Mark, maybe I will add a couple of comments. This is obvious scenario where we have some experience because we have Lupron that’s available for this indication as well. And fundamentally what we liked about this molecule is that we thought we could get to a chronic use claim for this therapy. And we also like the fact that this is fast-on and fast-of, one of the challenges with a with a drug like Lupron is once you inject the patient, the impact last for 6 to 12 months and you basically put the woman in the menopause until you have all the normal side effects associated with that; hot flashes and bone loss. So an ideal profile here would be one that would provide sufficient efficacy but have a safety and side effect profile that was consistent with longer-term use, so minimal bone loss and minimal hot flashes. A product like that, an oral product, that was fast-on and fast-off, we think has a substantial opportunity in the market. And as Mike said, this is a high prevalence disease where there aren’t great options available for these women. So as we as we release more of the data and we see more of the data, that’s certainly the profile we’re shooting for, it doesn’t mean that a slightly different profile wouldn’t be a very competitive product. But the ideal profile is what you’re describing.
Rick Gonzalez: Hi Robin, this is Rick. So let me address your first question. As I mentioned in my comments about the four tenants that we operated with our contracting strategy, obviously one of those was access. And we believe strongly that opening up access for all patients regardless of fibrosis score is something that's positive for patients. So certainly as we approached our contracting strategy we offered the greatest benefit to those plans that were willing to do that. Not every plan is willing to do that. I would give as an example Express Scripts a lot of credit for their willingness to open up access. And so they vary by plan. Some are completely open, that’s zero to F4, some are F2 to F4, some are just F3 and F$. So there is quite good variability across the plans as to how they are proceeding with that, but certainly that was something that we pursued with each and every one of the of the payers that we tried to contract with.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. We’re in the process of continuing to work with that group so I don’t think it is appropriate that we talk and in detail. There was a public announcement on one of them but the rest of them are still in process and we’re just not in a position to be able to give you a lot more information on that, as they’re finalized my guess is that they will provide some color to their members and through that process you will get some visibility to it but we’re just not in a position where it would be prudent for us to give you that information right now.  With respect 199 were expecting to see data from our study in refractory relapsed CLL in patients with 17p del mutation in the first half of this year. And when we have this data in hand, we will discuss them with regulatory agencies and assuming we see maintenance of effect size that was observed in early trials, and regulatory agencies agree, we would expect to move to a filing in that indication later on this year.  And in terms of the mix David, right now globally we’d estimate that RA is approaching 40% of the sales mix. Derm is about 15%, gastro is about 25% and then other would be the remainder. That would be akylosing spondylitis and the other psoriatic arthritis etc. Indications.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. Let me cover the payer comment. Obviously we have had lots of experience in interacting with payers with HUMIRA and this class there’s a lot of competition that already exist in the class and obviously we’ve been tremendously successful in securing strong positions with payers in the United States with HUMIRA. With the entry of a potential biosimilar at some point in the future, as I said many times before, I don’t see the competitive dynamics changing dramatically from where they are now. I also don’t necessarily agree that the precedent that occurred in hepatitis C changes the competitive dynamics in any way from the way it was prior to that despite a fair amount of rhetoric that has come out over the last month or so. The thing that’s important to remember in a chronic used drug, that’s different, is you have large groups of patients that are on drug, well-controlled. This is a class where when you move patients from one drug to another, not necessarily all patients do well, and has to be switched again, and so there are different dynamics, different competitive dynamics in each class. In oncology I would tell you, it has very different dynamics. Hepatitis C here you have two products that have tremendous performance and you have basically a product that cures patients is used for a relatively short period of time. Those are different dynamics than you see in many other areas. So, I don't think you can draw a strong correlation from one to the other. Having said that I'm sure one and if biosimilar competition comes along, it will be another opportunity to be able to work with and negotiate with Managed Care organizations and we'd anticipated that in our planning assumptions as we look at our long range plan. Off late we'll use on HS, you know I would tell you I just came back from a European meeting where we brought in a number of HS patients. And the first thing I'll tell you is, it's obviously a disease that most people including myself didn't know a lot about. What struck me is how debilitating this disease really is for these patients and how little therapy there is or knowledge of alternatives that are available out there. And so I would tell you that I think there is probably very-very little use of HUMIRA in a HS today and I think when we launch, when we get approval one of the things we're focussing a lot of attention on will be education of physicians in order to know that there is an available therapy for these patients. And so, I would think it was tiny, if anything at all at this point.  Thanks, Colin. Alright. Operator, we have time for one more question please. 
Rick Gonzalez: On HCV genotype 1 patients, you know obviously that is one of the parameters that we were carefully watching as it plays out. We are assuming that we'll see a significant increase in patient access going forward and therefore in the U.S. we'll see more patients treated. I think a reasonable range to think about would be something in the range of may be a 175,000 patients to as much as may be low 200's to 10 to 15 something in that range. Obviously, based on our planning assumptions we've bracketed between those numbers and that's one of the reasons why we don't want to come out with a 2015 number, because we need to see how that plays out. We build obviously a certain base level number into our guidance they were comfortable with. It may end up being more than that going forward. But that's at least our view of what it looks like. On [Rentia] I mean thus far we haven't see a lot of impact, one difference is in European markets self-injectables are treated differently than infusion products, so it doesn't necessarily impact HUMIRA directly in very many markets, I'd say it's tracking for the most part very consistent with what our modelling assumptions were for its level of success and you know we watched that carefully over a period of time and it's proceeding as we would have got. So, we are not assuming that will have any material impact on us in 2015.
Mike Severino: So with respect to Infinity, this is Mike Severino. The Infinity collaboration around duvelisib, this one we're very excited about. There are a number of studies are up and running and the key studies are dynamo which is a phase 2 study in patients with refractory indolent nonHodgkin's lymphoma and the duo trial which is a phase 3 study in patients with relapsed refractory CLL. Those studies are up and running. We don't have a specific timing for readouts there, but they're progressing nicely. Over the course of last year, we would this to continue over the course of 2015, earlier studies are continuing to mature on that molecule and there will be a day-to-day readouts over the course of the year. 
Mike Severino: Yes, I will take 199 first. This is Mike Severino. 199 is a program that we continue to be very excited about. We are accruing data in the study that Rick referred to earlier that same patients with refractory or relapse CLL with 17P delta lesion. That's a data set that's accumulating. It's a single arm study, so obviously that data builds over time. We’d expect to have a data set that would allow us to draw some conclusions sometime early this year and we continue to make good progress. So again if the level of activity that we saw on earlier studies persists, we’d expect that to support a regulatory filing obviously, in discussion with regulatory agencies later on this year 
Mike Severino: Okay, so this is Mike. I'll take the Elagolix question. Just a few weeks ago we announced with our partner, topline results from the first of two phase III studies. Now, that's an ongoing study, so we're limited in terms of the amount of detail that we can go into. And we will obviously update you as more data come and present full results in a scientific setting at some later day. But, we're very pleased with what we've seen today. We hit our end points, and these are very difficult end points to hit on pelvic pain and menstrual pain in women who had very difficult to control disease. We did that at both dose levels; we studied with a high level of statistical significance. We are obviously -- we are going to watch as those data mature and as we get additional data on long-term safety that might inform chronic use, but we feel good about what we've seen today and we clearly feel that there is a very large on that medical need, a large number of women live with endometriosis. Current treatment options are not sufficient in many women, a little bit debilitating chronic pain and other symptoms. So it's a molecule that we feel good about long-term.
Mike Severino: Okay so this is Mike. With respect to TNF and IL-17, I think you’re referring to our program ABT 122 which uses our dual variable domain technology, so a single biologics that blocks the action of those two important cytokines. When you look at that the spectrum of activity of agents targeted against the cytokines, one can see very real potential in rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, and in particular psoriatic arthritis. The IL17 as we have seen have very pronounced efficacy in skin disease in psoriasis. But the TNF mechanism remains the most highly active in our opinion in psoriatic arthritis. So we have the agent that I described in substantial phase 2 studies, in rheumatoid arthritis and in psoriatic arthritis and those will be progressing over the course of this year and the next and will provide data updates as appropriate.
