Rick Gonzalez: Yes. So fundamentally I would tell you we don't have any change in the long-term forecast for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. I think one of the things that's impressive when we look at both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ is both the speed and acceleration of the ramp that we're seeing in the share capture of these assets. So let me give you a perspective on it. If you look at SKYRIZI as an example SKYRIZI within about three months achieved the number one position in psoriasis in-play psoriasis share. And then the rate of capture has actually accelerated from there. It achieved it at about 20%. If you look at the January data which is the most recent independent data that we have we have internal data that we also use to project. But the January data showed that it's at 31% and the slope of that line is accelerating and accelerating at a pretty good clip. And it is widening the range between it and the number 2 player in a significant way. And so this thing has tremendous momentum. Yes obviously the COVID crisis has created a disruption. As I mentioned in my comments if a dermatology office is closed obviously they're not prescribing anything including SKYRIZI. But that's a temporary phenomenon and we'll see these offices start to open back up. And I have no reason to believe that that momentum won't come back as patients feel comfortable to go back into their offices. RINVOQ obviously launched -- SKYRIZI launched in April and RINVOQ launched in August. So it launched later. But I'd say we've also seen on RINVOQ now a similar acceleration of its capture rate of share in -- in-play share in RA. And it too is accelerating going into this. It's about 11.3% on the last data point. And I'd say based on once things settle back out from COVID, it would take it probably three months to pass. There's a whole group of players at number two. HUMIRA is number one, but it would take probably three months for it to pass that group that's in number two. And I would expect it moves into the number two -- position shortly after that, after the disruption has subsided and we have a chance to continue to drive it. And so I feel very good about both of those assets and what the long-term performance of those look like, I think as I look at the R&D programs for both of them and the ability to expand the indications much like we did with HUMIRA, these assets have tremendous opportunities. So I feel good about it. Other -- by other specialties I believe what you're asking is what's going to happen to the other aspects of the business? Because what I was referencing on aesthetics really covered the range of supply side. So it was plastic surgeries derms and med spas. So again, we can't talk about the numbers, but as I indicated in my comments, I would expect the therapeutic side of Allergan to recover very similar to RSI a temporary disruption. There is likely to be a more significant impact on BOTOX therapeutic because about half of its volume comes from hospitals. And -- but we would expect that to bounce back once those hospitals start accepting non-emergency non-COVID patients. So we don't see anything in the data as we analyze it that would suggest that there's anything that's happening to any of their products that would impair the original assumptions we made about those products.
Rick Gonzalez: I mean on the digital marketing, I mean obviously we have a significant expertise in that area. And I honestly can't tell you how differentiated that is versus other competitors because I think many companies like our have gone to a significant portion of their commercial messagings through digital marketing. I mean, I think we're very effective at it. I don't think that is what's driving the RINVOQ SKYRIZI performance. I think what's driving it is really, two fundamental things. One is obviously these assets have very strong clinical profiles. They fit a need in the market an unmet need that's in the market that was consistent with what we originally assumed when we were trying to develop replacements for HUMIRA. And I think we're all extremely pleased that these assets are doing a very good job of demonstrating superiority to the gold standard HUMIRA. The second thing is I think obviously, this is a market we know how to execute in at a very high level. We have a tremendous level of experience in this market, a tremendous reputation in this market. And I think our commercial organization executes at a very high level in this market. I think that's what's driving the performance and it makes me feel good about what the future looks like for these assets. As far as Allergan is concerned, I don't know if they're going to -- well think of it with this way. I don't think I should comment on when they're going to publicly report their first quarter results. I think that's something they should probably respond to not us.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. I think as it relates to pro forma earnings, I mean, once we close the transaction at that point we will evaluate the business again and make a decision at which point we're going to provide pro forma earnings. As far as integration is, concerned I would tell you that, we're not – we have done all the integration work. We're well prepared and have been prepared now for several months to do the final integration. And I don't believe -- we're operating AbbVie at a very high level of effectiveness as we're operating today where a significant number of people are working remotely. I wouldn't say it's the ideal scenario. I'd much prefer we can all get back to operating the way, we did before. But look it's not practical right now. And I don't believe that anything will change the performance of the integration as it relates to COVID. So I'm not overly concerned about that. Synergies, obviously, we have built a synergy plan that we are very comfortable with. And we haven't – I don't believe we've given the gating of that yet right? We have not. Okay. That was Rob shaking his head no because you can't see Rob. So we've obviously gated that. I wouldn't say, we have changed the gating because of COVID one way or another, but we feel good about achieving those synergies. And obviously, everyone that does transactions like ours tries to overachieve their synergies. And we won't be any different than that, but we'll give you an update on what that gating looks like once we've gated the pro forma guidance.
Rick Gonzalez: Andrew, I would say I don't know the answer to your question to be honest. I can tell you that we don't see a -- today we don't see a significant difference across practices from a behavior standpoint. But future behavior I think that will be a little more difficult to predict. I think most physicians prescribe a medicine that they believe -- in the United States, that they believe is fundamentally the right medicine for that patient. And I would say that the profile of the drug is what tends to drive their prescribing habits more than anything else. So I would say, I would be surprised if there's any difference in the behavior. We'll go back to our commercial group and see if they have any data on it. And if so, we'll provide something back to you.
Rick Gonzalez: As it relates to the med spa question, I would say, across the board, we looked at what kind of assumptions should we make about any consolidation in the industry. And the one thing I would say is, it does appear that these businesses fairly aggressively participated in the U.S. government stimulus programs, the Payroll Protection Programs and the other programs that were available. And so, I think, the data would suggest to us now that that won't be a massive impact. And if there were any consolidation across any of the channels and I don't know that any one channel really stands out in a significant way, we believe that there -- all we'll see is a shift of that capacity to other players, meaning they get bigger. And so, we're not assuming any significant reduction in the supply side of the channel that can't be absorbed through consolidation if necessary. On the pro forma guide, obviously, we're going to wait for the business to close. We're going to do some work on the business and then we'll provide the pro forma guidance after that. So depending upon the timing of when it closes and how close we are in the second quarter it could come on the second quarter call. So we're not really in a position right now where we can give you total clarity on that.
Rick Gonzalez: Yes. I think, as we look at the strength of SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, it's driven by a couple of factors, right? Particularly, I'd say in the U.S., it's driven by a couple of factors. As I said a few minutes ago, certainly the clinical profile of the drug is first and foremost. The second is, you have to have broad-based managed care access in the United States to be successful. It doesn't matter how you much you convince the physician to use the product based on its clinical profile. If they can't get it reimbursed, they obviously can't prescribe it to their patients. And so that takes a company that has strong expertise in being able to deliver high levels of managed care access, which obviously we can. And then the third is just the effectiveness of your commercial and medical affairs organization. And I think in this area we have one of the best, if not the best. So I think those are the things that really drive it. In our business, you can't really leverage one product against the other specifically. So I don't believe it's a leverage issue. As far as the second wave, I'm going to let Mike cover most of that. The only thing I would say is we have not assumed another major shelter in place order in the fall in our assumptions. So we have assumed that we'll be able to manage through any increase in infections in the way we've built this forecast.
Rob Michael: Yes. Navin, so if you look at the guidance we gave of approximately 7% growth, so that translates in about a $300 million change for U.S. HUMIRA. I'd split it really in the three buckets evenly. So as we think about unemployment, higher PAP volume, Medicaid channel mix each of those say one-third and one-third from those two. And then the remaining one-third would be just lower new patient starts during the stay-at-home period. So that will be most acute in the second quarter. As it relates to SKYRIZI -- and look the momentum from SKYRIZI is very, very strong. And we would have raised it even higher had it not been for the disruption in Q2 on new patient starts. So despite having that disruption on new patient starts, we're still taking the guidance up. We would have taken up higher without that. And I think Rick characterized the HCV change very well.
Rob Michael: I think if you look at our beat versus guidance it's about approximately $140 million. Keep in mind that, we have about $35 million of COVID-related inventory stocking. We did have some tender timing in Brazil. It's about $30 million. So the balance of that you'd call $75 million of favorability. Could there be some COVID-related impact there? Possibly. If you look, we didn't change our full year guidance even though we have the U.S. dollar strengthening. So that's inherently about a $70 million $75 million operational upside that we've baked in that's offsetting that foreign exchange headwind. So it is going better so far than we expected, which is great but it's hard to pinpoint whether it's COVID-related or not.
Rob Michael: Carter this is Rob. I'll take your question on deleveraging. Look, if you think about the amount of cash flow that the combined business generates, it's a tremendous amount of cash flow that we feel very confident in our ability to deliver on our deleveraging commitments. As I mentioned in my remarks, we still expect to pay down $15 billion, $18 billion of debt. We're going to have $7 billion paid down by the end of this month, and we still will be able to support a strong growing dividend. So even as we flex various scenarios, we feel very confident we've reaffirmed those commitments on deleveraging.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take the question on 3373, which is our TNF steroid conjugate. It's in a proof-of-concept study in rheumatoid arthritis. And what we'd like to see there is efficacy that is greater than what can be achieved with currently available agents really across the board, but also with a particular focus on higher levels of response. Obviously, we're going to want to see that with an appropriate safety profile recognizing that a proof-of-concept study is a relatively limited safety database. And importantly, we're going to want to confirm that we can deliver that without impacting the pituitary access as a measure for systemic steroid effects. We have stated in other settings that from the 1b portion of this trial in healthy volunteers, we've shown we can deliver this construct without those steroid effects without impacting the pituitary axis. So we would expect to be able to do the same thing in RA patients in treatment, but we'd want to confirm that obviously.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. I'll cover the question on atopic dermatitis. Obviously, we're well aware of the Pfizer data from their program in atopic dermatitis at least at the top-line level that are currently available. And what I would say is we're going to have to look at each of these programs individually, although there are some mechanistic similarities factors such as dose selection ability to cover the relevant pathways are important when you are trying to predict the results that you're likely to see. We feel good about the pharmacodynamic coverage we've been able to drive with RINVOQ really across the board, but particularly in AD. We had very strong Phase 2b results. So we feel that our program will stand on its own merits and we look forward to those head-to-head data as we look forward to all the data from the Phase 3 program in atopic dermatitis.
Michael Severino: That's correct, Rick. And so, I think it's very hard to make exact predictions about the longer-term nature of the coronavirus infection rates. But what we are assuming, as Rick said is that, there will not be a major second wave in lockdown. And I think the factors that would play into that would be a much greater understanding of surveillance, broader access to testing, the ability to respond much more quickly based on experience. And based on those factors that I just mentioned, if small pockets of new infection do pop up, as well as hopefully the availability of some treatment options, although, I think, treatment options will continue to evolve over some period of time and renewed capacity or relief from the overcapacity status that the healthcare systems are currently operating under. So, I think, it's all of those features together that lead us to the view that supported the assumptions that Rick outlined in our thinking on this.
