Rick Gonzalez: Hey Geoff. I think you've obviously seen the standalone AbbVie performance and we're coming off of another very good year. And our projection and our guidance obviously is projected from a standalone basis another strong year for the company. And I think, in particular, we're very impressed with what we're seeing out of our immunology franchise and what we're seeing out of our hem/onc franchise. And so we feel good. We've been watching the Allergan performance. They have reported two quarters that we've seen. They'll be reporting another quarter here soon, probably sometime early next week. And I would say, at least for the two that have been reported, overall the business is tracking, I'd say slightly ahead of what our deal model had projected. As I mentioned, I think a number of times the deal model that we put together was a fairly conservative deal model. So that's not too surprising. But I think as you look at key products that are – critical products for their business, they're all performing in line or ahead of what our projections were. As it relates to the synergies, as I mentioned in my formal comments, we have gone through all of the integration planning process with Allergan. Part of that process is to validate the synergies. And so we're comfortable that, the synergy target that we had communicated, which was $2 billion or greater than $2 billion is an achievable number. Obviously, anytime you do a transaction like this you're trying to maximize the synergies and obviously maintain the business to perform at the level that you would expect it to perform. So I feel good about the synergy projections. We'll provide final gating for those projections, when we do the combined pro forma guidance and – but I feel good about the overall target over the first three years meeting or exceeding what we had projected. The timing close everything is progressing as we had planned. And we still anticipate that we will see closure by the end of the first quarter. The other thing I'd say is, as we step back and we look at what were we trying to accomplish with the Allergan transaction, it was basically to try to build a business that ultimately would be even stronger than the AbbVie business over the long-term. And I think one of the things – as investors start to think about the business, it's important to sort of put that in perspective. We want a business that's more diversified, both from a revenue standpoint, as well as a payer mix standpoint. We want a business that has durable positions. This business the combined business will have durable growth positions in eight different franchises and be able to drive strong growth. There'll be four franchises for the new company that will be the major growth franchises for us. Obviously, immunology, hematological, oncology, medical aesthetics and CNS/neuro will be the four franchises. This is a business that will have excellent payer diversity and payer mix. If you look at it as a percent of the global revenues Medicare Part B will be about 2%, Medicare Part D will be about 16%, Medicaid will be about 3% and cash pay will be about 10%. So nice balance and security along the payer base, it will be a business that's driven by volume not by price. And so that's important. It will be a company that has a strong growing dividend that's underpinned by tremendous cash flow, which provides security to deliver a growing dividend over the long-term and through the loss of exclusivity in 2023 in the U.S. It will also have a number of recently launched products and growth products. In fact, there'll be six of them if you think about it. You look at SKYRIZI, RINVOQ, VENCLEXTA, IMBRUVICA those all have significant growth opportunities ahead of them on the AbbVie side. And then you look at the Allergan side, you have VRAYLAR. This is a product that has a – it's about an $850 million product. I think the last numbers, I saw showed it was growing about 70%. And you have their recently launched oral CGRP that, we haven't seen any data on yet as far as their revenue performance, because they just launched it, but I think that will be an important product over the long term. So – and then that's underpinned by our late-stage pipeline that has 20 new drugs in new major indications and an early-stage pipeline that Mike outlined in his remarks. That's a pretty impressive profile of a company in our industry and that's the kind of company we were trying to build by combining these two companies together. So I think that's how we think about it.
Rick Gonzalez: Well, I mean, if you look at SKYRIZI and RINVOQ obviously they're off to a very strong start, when you look at the $10 billion guidance that we had that still had some level of risk adjustment for the follow-on indications associated with it. And obviously, as we move along then those risk adjustments will come down. Probability of success will go up. So by definition by the way, we look at things you would expect SKYRIZI and RINVOQ to be able to exceed that level of performance assuming all those follow-on indications perform at the level that we would expect. And everything that we know would clearly indicate that that is the case. We're not in a position where we're going to up the guidance. Now in any complicated business like ours on the $37 billion, obviously, there are things like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ that are ultimately performing better. Certainly, when you look at our hematological oncology business that's performing at a level that we would expect to deliver at least what we had expected back in that point in time probably a little bit higher. Now you also have puts and takes, right? International biosimilars were more aggressive than we had anticipated. But net-net, I think we're comfortable with that level of performance and more importantly, we're comfortable with being able to deliver the kind of earnings that we would expect. And so I think we feel very good about how the company is performing and our ability to deliver on those long-term expectations. The other thing I'd say is as you look at the biosim, obviously biosimilars are an important aspect of our particular business. And we're now at a point where we're basically lapping the first year of biosimilar experience in the international markets. And it gives us the ability to be able to look back and say did our strategy work that we had put in place? And I think we've obviously been able to learn from what that strategy has been able to do. In general, I would tell you that I'm feeling pretty good about how the strategy played out. On the aggressive side, obviously the biosimilar competitors before they entered the market priced more aggressively than we had seen with the analogs. And so the shape of the curve was different which we've talked about a number of different times. Having said that, our strategy was to make sure that we could maintain as much share as possible of HUMIRA and maintain it as profitable as possible and we can now step back and look at what does that look like. Well what it basically looks like is we have maintained about two-thirds of the volume. If you look specifically at the countries that went biosimilar and you look at what the erosion level is in those countries, it's about 44%, 45% within those countries. So what that means is we've obviously maintained a tail of about 55% of the HUMIRA volume, which is a pretty -- the HUMIRA revenue which is a pretty significant tail when you think about a product of the size of HUMIRA. So I think overall, we feel good about how our strategy played out despite the fact that the biosimilar players were more aggressive. I think as we look at the U.S., there are some things that we can translate out of that experience. And it gives us some feel for how the U.S. will evolve as we enter that biosimilar phase in 2023. Obviously, we have products like RINVOQ and SKYRIZI that are growing rapidly. We have a number of years to be able to drive that. And we're making very good progress on the follow-on indications. And therefore, we should have a broad set of indications -- approved indications for those assets, which should drive very significant growth leading into that LOE event. The strategy that we'll put in place is the exact same strategy that we did in the international markets. Our goal is to maintain as much share as we can in as profitable of a way as we can. There is no market exactly like the U.S. market outside the U.S. But what I would say is we would expect it to be competitive like the international markets. We'll have more competitors entering the U.S. market. So I think the shape of the curve will be similar to what we saw in the international markets. But I'd say as far as our ability to maintain share, we certainly in the U.S. have at least the same competitive position that we have in the international markets and in all likelihood we have a stronger competitive position in the U.S. market. So I would say we would expect to fare at least as well or better from the standpoint of maintaining that tail over time. And so, we're feeling better about where we stand, both the progress that we're making against the assets that will allow us to be able to drive growth over the long-term and the experience we're getting with dealing with biosimilar competition in these markets.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. So on the first question, this is Rick average duration of therapy. Obviously, SKYRIZI is a quarterly dose product as a loading dose that occurs in the first phase. So we don't have a tremendous amount of experience yet. But I'd say the experience that we have thus far is consistent with what our original launch assumptions would be and that is that the duration of therapy would be very high at HUMIRA levels or above. Obviously, it's more convenient to have quarterly dosing. And so, we're not seeing anything there that is different than what we would have anticipated, albeit it's early on, right? As far as RINVOQ in the fourth quarter, I'd say RINVOQ is tracking well. It's continuing to gain in-play share. Now it didn't get its significant uptick in market access until January. There was a fairly significant jump from December to January. So there was still a fair amount of prescriptions that were being driven through the -- our access program where we provide patients -- if they don't have access, we provide them with free product through our bridge program. But now as I mentioned we're over 95%. And our policy is once we've achieved access in an account, we no longer allow bridge access for those products in other words from a compliance standpoint. And so you should start to see those paid prescriptions ramping in line with what we would expect the access to be. SKYRIZI has very similar kinds of access. As far as the channel mix is concerned, I'm going to have Rob cover that.
Rick Gonzalez: The only other thing I'd mention is the one thing that is very encouraging to us is, if you take SKYRIZI, about half 49% of the patients are naïve patients and the other 51% are obviously second-line and beyond. If we look at RINVOQ, it's about 40%, 38%, 39% are naïve patients, which at this phase of the launch is higher than what we had originally modeled and the remaining are second-line and beyond. The other thing I'd say is we, obviously, track how we're doing against various competitors. It's now -- RINVOQ now has an in-play share that's the equivalent of about 70% of XELJANZ and obviously growing at a pretty rapid pace. And so I think that's an encouraging sign as well.
Rick Gonzalez: Yeah. I mean, every company in our industry for the most part has some level of legacy products. We do as well as others. I think many people want to divest those products, typically, not because those products aren't profitable and provide significant earnings, but because they depress their overall growth, if they're too large, as it relates to their overall base of business. I would say, as we look at our profile and our ability to be able to grow, we don't believe that that's a significant issue for us. That doesn't mean that at some point in the future, we might not reevaluate, if we thought that was in the best interest of the company overall. But I'd say that's not something that we have any plans for at this point in time. ORILISSA the point you raised is an accurate point. The challenge that we've had with ORILISSA in endometriosis has been activation of those patients at the rate that we would have expected. We have made some changes in the fourth quarter to our go-to-market strategy. We'll have to see how those play out. And also, we'll have the launch of the uterine fibroid indication in 2020. That's a different patient population. And so I think it will have a different activation profile. And – but I think we have to see how endometriosis – whether or not we get an inflection point here that's different than what we've seen thus far before we make any predictions about how we would change the long-term projections. We fundamentally believe this is a good drug. Everything we know about it says, it's a good drug and it ultimately fits an important need. But we're obviously going to have to change that activation curve to get to the level of expectation that we have had for that – for the drug.
Rick Gonzalez: Sure. As far as VENCLEXTA and IMBRUVICA are concerned in the long-term guidance, we feel very comfortable with our long-term guidance for those two assets. If you look at this year for VENCLEXTA, it will be an important inflection year for VENCLEXTA. And we would expect it to continue to grow quite nicely over time. Obviously, the multiple myeloma and t(11;14) is a significant opportunity for VENCLEXTA. I think that represents roughly 20% of the myeloma patients and myeloma is obviously a very big market. So we feel good about that. As far as the FTC is concerned, the way this process normally works is you bring in the players that you're considering to acquire a product which we and Allergan did. And so the FTC has had an opportunity to interact with both of the players and give us feedback around those players. So I think you can conclude from that that, we wouldn't move forward with a player that the FTC told us they were uncomfortable with.
Rick Gonzalez: And then, to your second question, as it relates to whether or not we'll see patients being moved off of IMBRUVICA and on to Calquence based on side-effect profiles. We don't believe that will be the case. I mean, I think, as Mike pointed out, when you look at the body of data around IMBRUVICA and particularly the survival benefit that we see with IMBRUVICA, physicians are reluctant to move a patient off of a drug that gives them the opportunity to be able to have that level of survival benefit to something that has less data to be able to support that. The guidelines reflect that as well. And most physicians know that when they have a side-effect profile that they're having difficulty managing through, that they routinely -- prior to Calquence being on the market, what they would typically do is, take the patient off of therapy for a short period of time until it resolves and then put them back on therapy. And many patients would ultimately be fine when they were put back on therapy. So moving to another non-differentiated products, we don't think will have a fundamental impact. We're obviously watching the share data. It's early on because the latest share data that we have is still November. And as you know they were approved in November. Now they were on guidelines for most of 2019 in CLL but the share is very low. They have about 1% share in first-line, 2% share in second-line, about 6% share in third-line but most of those patients in third-line about half of them are BTK failures IMBRUVICA failures. So thus far, we don't see anything that would suggest that it's having a significant negative impact on our performance.
Rick Gonzalez: Yes. So David this is Rick for your first question. Yes I think the difference between REMICADE and Enbrel as well actually and the experience that we had with HUMIRA was in most of those cases only one or two competitors came in at a time. And so what you're seeing is essentially the way we had originally modeled, HUMIRA was that at year three, we would get to the levels that we're at now because it would stairstep down, but I think what we learned in that process is when four competitors entered the market at one time that the competitive dynamics between them to try to get share, created an environment where they became far more aggressive early on. So I don't think the curve will look as – it won't look as if the same as REMICADE. Now that doesn't mean that over time, we won't see some moderate continued erosion. But it's – for a business of our size and with the growth prospects of our business that's not something that would inhibit our ability to be able to grow. I think you can see we grew through – we ultimately had positive revenue growth in 2019 despite the fact that we had a very significant portion of our international business go biosimilar in 2019. The second question is part of the activity that we're working on now to try to drive activation at a faster rate in women on ORILISSA that is one component. I wouldn't say it's the most significant component but it is one component: to better educate women on what this therapy is all about, what the side-effect profile of this therapy really looks like, the safety profile of it; and make sure that we do that in a way that it's easily accessible for women in that age group, meaning it has a social media aspect to it that allows them to be able to access accurate information about ORILISSA and the benefits of it and the appropriate use of it. And so that is part of the changes that we made in the fourth quarter. And we're just going to have to see how those changes – the impact those changes have over time.
