Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Hi, Chris. It's Rick. So, I'll cover those two. Let me do the HUMIRA one first. So, as we mentioned in our previous call, we are anticipating that we will see indirect biosimilar competition outside the U.S. meaning Enbrel biosimilars outside the U.S. this year. So, if you think about our growth rate, we finished this year internationally at about 8.6% and we're guiding for next year at about mid-single digits. And you can break it up into sort of two components. One would be obviously as the brand gets a little bit bigger, the growth rate as a percentage is slowing down a bit. And then we have built in what are a set of assumptions of what kind of price impact we might see from Enbrel in certain markets, particularly in Europe I would say. And that represents about 2% of our growth. So you can think of it coming down about 2% based on that. So that's the HUMIRA piece. On the Amgen IPR and the other IPRs, I think in general across all of the litigation aspects of HUMIRA, I think it's important to recognize that we have now entered a new phase of our biosimilar strategy. And in our third quarter call, we laid out a detailed explanation of our patent estate in an effort to really provide the investment community with a comprehensive set of information around the IP and what we thought the litigation timelines would look like going forward. What I can tell you is nothing has changed from that assessment. We still believe in everything that we've described to you as part of that. But now we're in the active litigation process with other players, whether that be IPR litigation or other kind of litigation that will start to play out. And it's just not prudent for us to lay out for the world a play-by-play analysis of our positions around this. That's just not the – that's not the smart thing to do from a litigation standpoint. So what I'd tell you is I'd reiterate the points that we made before. We have a large, robust portfolio of IP. We have done significant work from an innovation standpoint in this area, and we have prosecuted all of this IP based on the work that we've done and the investment that we've made, and we feel good about the IP in our portfolio. And as we've said before, we intend to vigorously defend our IP, and this is going to need to play out over time. We're certainly pleased with the decision of the patent office, but we're not going to basically do a play-by-play on this because that potentially could jeopardize our position.
Richard A. Gonzalez: And Jami, this is Rick. The only thing I would add is much like the discussion we had last quarter about international third quarter, if you look at our ordering or if you look at our growth rate patterns over the last several years, what you'll see is typically fourth quarter is a little bit lower from a growth standpoint. But I think what you're asking is are we seeing any kind of a slowdown in the U.S.; we're not. The U.S. is performing very robustly. We guided, I think, at the beginning of this year to about the same number, high teens, and obviously overachieved that. So I mean, we feel very good about the performance going forward with HUMIRA.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So, let me take the HUMIRA price piece. I understand all of the focus on price. I mean, I think all of us in this industry recognize all of the headlines we've seen around price and I think an important perspective to step back and think about for our business. This is not a business that is highly dependent upon price, our business I'm talking about. So if you look at our operational growth in 2015 of 22%, only 2% of that was price across the business. And if you look at HUMIRA, roughly around 25% of the overall growth is driven by price. Now, you do have certain managed care contracts that have some level of price protection, so all the price doesn't fall through at 100%. And depending upon where the price increases are and the magnitude of those price increases, less of it will fall through in a later price increase, as an example. But overall, the vast majority of our growth, whether it be HUMIRA or other assets in our pipeline, is driven by volume growth, and I think that's an important perspective for the investor community to understand. As far as HCV is concerned, as we've planned out for 2016, I'd say the Merck label came in pretty much spot-on what we had expected, so I think it's within our expectations. We have built into our assumptions for HCV a level of competition and some level of price competition. We're going to have to see how that plays out. We don't believe we have any exposure there at all, so we're not concerned about that. But we have built in what we believe is an appropriate level of both price and volume competition that we could see in the marketplace in 2016. Japan, to your point, we launched very late in the fourth quarter, and so far I had an update just a week or so ago from the team, Japan is going well. It's tracking on our expectations.
Richard A. Gonzalez: When we did the acquisition of Pharmacyclics, we did it with the knowledge of Acerta. So we thoroughly reviewed, based on the information we had at that time, the compound and evaluated whether or not we thought it was a risk. And I think one of the things to keep in mind is a follower strategy in oncology, at least historically, has not worked very well. And the reason it doesn't work very well is if the innovator keeps advancing the bar, the regulatory environment changes on the follower and what they need to do to be able to get their approvals, it's more difficult, takes more time, it's more expensive because it can't do single arm studies to get approval. The second thing I'd say is there seems to be two theses out there. One would be improved efficacy, one would be improved safety profile, particularly around bleeding and AFib. I wouldn't say that those are issues that are inhibiting our ability to be able to advance the brand and standard of care today. But what I'd also say is as we have evaluated it, we believe that the vast majority of the data would support that those are on-mechanism side effects. And so we'll have to see what their data proves out and we'll have to see what their inclusion and exclusion criteria is on the trials that they run to make sure it's a balanced view to be able to demonstrate what the bleeding AFib rate would be. And remember, we didn't see AFib in IMBRUVICA until we got to something like 1,500 patients or so. And I think we saw bleeding at about 500 to 600 something like that, right? So we have to see a lot more data to see a real signal, and it has to be in the population that's consistent with the population that's being treated. And we'll see what the data looks like, but I think the evidence today would suggest that those are on mechanism. And so we'll have to see how it plays out, but I would tell you that we're confident in our position with IMBRUVICA.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. David, this is Rick. On the IPR part, I guess what I'd say is it wasn't surprising to us. We obviously have a pretty high level of confidence in the IP. As far as others that would infringe, I mean, we're certainly not in a position to be able to answer that question because we don't know what their formulations are. I guess the best place to get that answer would be to ask them. But as I said, we're not going to talk a lot about how we're positioning things and how we plan on running the IPR process going forward. The most important thing here is that we prevail. And I realized that probably doesn't give you great comfort, but you have to recognize our responsibility is to make sure that we put the best position forward and that we don't tip off our opponents in this process as to what our strategy is. And so I apologize for that part of it, but that's the tradeoff we have to make here. And you're going to see more of this play out over time and I think you'll get a feel for it and you can get other people to evaluate what you think that will look like from an IP standpoint, although I'd say much like this particular patent, some people opine that they didn't think it was very strong and you saw at the patent office made their decision, right? So, I think that's about all we can talk about as it relates to the litigation. The second would be on duration on therapy on IMBRUVICA. If you look at the duration on therapy today, I'd say it's tracking on what we expected as part of the original deal model that we put together. To give you some flavor for that, I'd say it's about 75% of the clinical trial duration. It has been increasing over time. There are a number of elements that basically we've analyzed and have programs in place. Some of those are payer-related and some are other kinds of things that we have to continue to work through. I think one of the things that will be extremely helpful is the RESONATE-2 data here because now you have absolute data that supports that if you keep these patients on therapy for a longer period of time, then you get very good outcomes. And so I think not only from the standpoint of allowing us to be able to move into front line, but as another piece of strong, credible evidence that maintaining therapy over a longer period of time gives patients the benefit they were looking for. One of the things that we did see is in certain physician populations, from a duration standpoint, when blood counts improved, some physicians would take patients off of therapy. And obviously, that's not something that we would want. And so I think RESONATE-2 is a strong supporting set of data that will help give physicians the knowledge and information they need to be convinced that they should keep them on therapy even though the blood counts have improved. And then on venetoclax, I don't know. Mike, can you talk at all about that? I mean, it's a little hard to tell at this point.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Vamil, this is Rick. I'll take the HCV one. We have seen an impact. Maybe the best way to describe it would be this, you saw what our revenues were in the fourth quarter. We had flagged that the $3 billion running rate in the fourth quarter that we thought we – I flagged that we might miss it, but we would be relatively close and that is what we have been tracking against for the fourth quarter. I'd say in the fourth quarter, there were two impacts, and one of them is going to be a label change. That's why I'm going through this explanation for you. So one was the VA volumes stayed very low through the fourth quarter because of the funding issue in the VA. And so that was one of the impacts. But then the second was, what we saw from collateral impact on the label. And I'd say we lost about one share point. So there was some bleed-over impact to other segments because the Child-Pugh B isn't worth one share point. It has stabilized now at that level. And so, I think the impact has flowed through, and we've assumed that in what we've built for 2016. But that's been the overall impact.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So, Alex, this is Rick. If you think about what we described for you on the 2020 HUMIRA guidance ex-U.S., we basically said that we would see direct biosimilar competition in the fourth quarter of 2018. We'd have some impact from indirect biosimilar starting in 2016. I described earlier in the call what that impact assumption is for 2016. It will obviously have a flow-through impact into 2017, as that expands and basically flows through. But then, if you think about the erosion curve that I described on the third quarter call. So what we said was internationally, the brand will peak in 2018 and then it will gently start to decline and if you get to the end of 2020, it's down about 15% or so. That's a combination of volume and price. Now, I'd also tell you that because the category is still growing, obviously then the growth would have been there and some of that growth went to a biosimilar player. So it basically says, that about 30% of the total opportunity would have gone over that period of time. And, that's the point at which we see some level of stabilization going forward. So I think that's the way you would characterize it, and although we don't have direct knowledge of how each analyst builds consensus around their international and U.S. sets of assumptions, what I would say is the biggest difference between consensus and our forecast is that some people are still forecasting that HUMIRA sees biosimilar competition in the United States. The number is too big to be anything other than that, the change. So after our guidance, what we did see is we saw HUMIRA move up pretty significantly, but not all the way out to our 2020 forecast. So there are still some individuals who are assuming that they see biosimilar competition, probably now in that 2019 timeframe it's pretty much slid out to. So it's the difference between that and ultimately our assumption that we'll get through 2020 to 2022, right? And I think that's the biggest single impact. As far as the Remicade panel, I think as we've talked about internationally we've been watching this play out in the international markets and studying it carefully. And as we've indicated to the marketplace many, many times before, we're not seeing a direct impact on HUMIRA. And obviously, if you look at our growth rates in 2015 and you look at our growth rate in the fourth quarter, I think that's indicative of the fact that we're not seeing any substantial impact as well. And so we wouldn't assume that there would be an impact in the United States either. It really fits in a different category. I think the one thing that will be interesting to look at in the panel is we have assumed in our planning assumptions that biosimilar players get extrapolation. We don't agree with that. We think it's important for any drug to be tested in the indication that it's going to be used in and generate some clinical data. But I'd say we plan from a conservative standpoint that we will see extrapolation in all the major markets around the world. I think as we go forward here, if somehow we got an indication that that were not going to be the case in the United States that would be a positive to us. So that's one of the things we'll be looking at.
Richard A. Gonzalez: And then on your last question, we have not launched the new HUMIRA formulation internationally or in the U.S. We need a new pen device for this formulation. And so we have submitted the pen in both jurisdictions. We'll have to wait for that to get approved, once that's approved then we'll make our decisions on launching those.
Richard A. Gonzalez: On the HCV contracting, when we originally launched and the exclusive contracts that we had were multiyear contracts with the exception of the Medicaid contracts which many of those are annual contracts, get bid out on a yearly basis. So I'd say, certainly, the majority of our business is under a multiyear contracting strategy. On HUMIRA, Remicade, I may not have heard the question correctly, but we haven't communicated that it had a 3% impact, in fact it had virtually no impact on our business. Overall, if you look at their overall biologic share is somewhere around 3%, but the vast majority of that has come from Remicade. And then Enbrel is what I described earlier that we are anticipating about a 2% impact from a growth rate standpoint. The majority of that, the vast majority of that is price. There are certain markets where there will be a price impact.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. On the 135 patent as I said before, I mean we're not going to go through a lot of detail back and forth. But one thing I do want to clarify is remember, IP in Europe is different than IP in the United States in how it is ultimately prosecuted. The second thing is, it's important to remember that although we withdrew the parent patent, we did it because there was one particular assay that we had a second patent that didn't have that question and therefore we pulled that patent in order to basically just focus on these other patents. So it's not like we withdrew it because we were concerned about it. And so ultimately – but that is not an issue from a U.S. standpoint, and I think that's probably as much as we're going to talk about it. Reference pricing, obviously part of what I indicated earlier is reference price, but I'd say also there are some markets where there could be some hospital negotiations also that could have an impact here. And so we factored in what we think is certainly a conservative number. But I think it's an appropriate number to be able to ultimately plan for 2016. And then on Acerta BTK, the IP, again, we have significant IP in this area. And if we believe Acerta infringes that IP, we'll enforce the IP.
Michael E. Severino: Sure, Mark. This is Mike. I'll take those questions. Your first question was about our JAK franchise and competition. I think that if we look at JAK inhibitors, there had been a fair amount of enthusiasm several years ago that actual results didn't live up to expectations for the first generation of those molecules, such as tofacitinib. But the current generation, I think, have very nice profiles. And I think baricitinib has generated a nice profile based on the data that we've seen today. We'll see more as they proceed through the regulatory review. And I think the class is going to get used over time. What we see with this class is, it tends to start slow and build over time and work from more resistant patients up to all the other lines of therapy, and we see that with therapies in RA and in immunology in general. So when I compare the two, I feel very encouraged by the results that we've seen with ABT-494. We've seen very strong efficacy, not just at the ACR20 level, but at much higher levels of response, ACR50, ACR70, DAS remission, et cetera. And we've seen that across two large Phase IIb studies, including a TNF-inadequate responder study, and those are the results that I mentioned in our opening comments. And there, we see a level of response in TNF-inadequate responders that we believe has the potential to be best-in-class. And so if you link that up with what I said about how RA dynamics play out, those data can be very important, and we believe that that is a big opportunity for this molecule. We do believe over time that 494 will certainly have use in earlier lines of therapy. But when you look at the balanced profile of 494, we feel very good about it. So moving on to ABT-122 and Ablynx, those are in mid-stage trials, and we'll see data from ABT-122 mid-year, and from Ablynx towards the back end of the year. And once we have those data, then that'll be the time to make decisions about next steps, so we'll be sharing those data as soon as it's reasonable to do so after we get them.
Michael E. Severino: Well, our general approach has been that we believe we need to raise the standard of care. So what we're going to want to see is something that is over and above the level of efficacy that can be achieved with comparable agents, if you will. So ABT-122 combines 17 in TNF, so you're going to want to see something in the disease populations we've studied in RA and in psoriatic arthritis. It's better than one can get with those mechanisms alone. And Ablynx is another approach at IL-6, you'll see something that's better than the existing therapies that are out there. Now, obviously, these aren't comparative studies, but we'll have the data, we believe, to make those assessments and to determine whether we will advance those programs this year, as I've said. So, with Acerta, there certainly has been a lot of talk about Acerta given its relatively early stage of development. What I would say, first and foremost, is we've set a very high bar with IMBRUVICA. We've set a very high bar with efficacy and also with safety. I quoted some of the numbers from RESONATE-2. We don't believe we've left any room on the table for there to be a story of improved efficacy. And we feel very good about the safety profile of IMBRUVICA. With Acerta, we're looking at much earlier data. We're looking at Phase Ib, Phase IIa studies. I think the study that's garnered the most attention is about a 61-patient dose rising study with an expansion. And it's really just not possible to compare those very early trials to a molecule like IMBRUVICA which has multiple phases of readouts and has been on the market now for a considerable period of time. So we'll see as their programs continues to progress, what they're able to demonstrate. They have comparative studies, so a readout in a couple of years' time, and I think that's really the first time we'll be able to make any sort of comparative assessment. Those are open-label studies, and that's a limitation of them. And I'll also add that Acerta's comparative studies are in relapsed/refractory patients, and IMBRUVICA is moving to the front-line over time. And that momentum is going to keep up. So we feel very confident in our position with IMBRUVICA.
Michael E. Severino: Yeah. I think – this is Mike. With respect to duration of therapy with venetoclax, I think it's early to make a statement because we're treating many different populations now in clinical trials. We have a large number of patients continuing on therapy, so those mean durations of therapy are increasing as the data set matures. So, I think we can't give a specific number. I think what we can say is that the responses we're seeing are very good. We're keeping patients on therapy. There's good durability of those responses. And as the data set matures and as we move to a label, I think we can update you on that.
Michael E. Severino: And in terms of data releases to keep an eye on, as we said in our remarks, we're going to see results from the Elagolix endometriosis second pivotal study in the first quarter. We'll top line that, so that'll obviously be something to keep an eye out for. At EASL, we'll present a large amount of data on our next-generation hep C program, including 8-week and 12-week components of our Phase II program. So that'll be something to keep an eye on. And at ASCO, I would look to our data in CLL in venetoclax, and also AML and venetoclax as updates that we can keep an eye out for.
Michael E. Severino: Okay. Well, so recognizing that the Merck label has just come out, what I would say is we would look particularly at the impact of RAVs on response. And this is something we've been saying since the Phase III data were presented. The U.S. label recommends RAV testing for Merck and guides both regimen and treatment duration based on that. And with VIEKIRA, that's not the case. And also when we look at our next generation regimen and we look at activity in a number of pre-clinical systems in viruses that carry those resistance mutations we see very high levels of activity for our agent. So we think that that's going to be a strength for our programs going forward.
Michael E. Severino: Sure. This is Mike. So with respect to broadening out ABT-494 development, we obviously believe that ABT-494 has broad potential in RA. In other immunologically mediated conditions, we have programs underway in inflammatory bowel disease, and I think the data support that we're likely to see a good effect there. With respect to diabetic nephropathy, it's an intriguing idea. It's certainly something we consider. And perhaps that is a good topic for our R&D Day in June.
