Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So, Jeff, this is Rick. I'll cover the first and third one and then I'll have Mike cover the other one. So, on the untrapped value, what I would tell you is that if you look at our PE, I think what you've seen and if you look at the range of companies in our peer group, there are obviously companies that have a much lower PE for a variety set of reasons and there are companies where the, have higher PEs and the median PE is certainly above where we are. So, there's certainly a level of overhang that's associated with the biosimilar uncertainty around HUMIRA. And I think what we have laid out for investors is a clear strategy that we put in place starting back in 2013 of how we were going to deal with that. Ultimately, we have a large portfolio of IP around HUMIRA and we certainly expect that to be able to protect the asset as we described back in October. We have now added to the portfolio two fundamentally differentiated new assets in 494 and risankizumab. And you're seeing some of that data play out, and so, that we fundamentally believe that those will allow us to ultimately be able to grow through what will obviously be at some point a biosimilar impact both internationally, as well as in the U.S. And then, we've spent a considerable amount of time building a robust pipeline that we've shown at our R&D Day and in other events that had the ability to be able to ultimately generate a very significant revenue opportunity that would allow us to grow through even the most bearish impact that's out there from an analyst standpoint around biosimilars. So, I think, we've done the things that we think are important to be able to communicate and then ultimately, build a strategy to be able to drive the business from a growth perspective because that was the charter that we set for the company when we launched. And, I think we've demonstrated that were capable of doing that. I think it will take some time for the litigation strategies to play out and for investors to continue to gain confidence. Having said that, we constantly look at different kinds of alternatives that we think truly are value-enhancing to shareholders but also value-enhancing to the business itself. And we'll explore all of those in time to determine whether or not they make sense. I mean, I think, if anything, we've probably been on the proactive side of going out and building new growth platforms and other kinds of things to be able to sustain the business going forward. And we have seen the PE improve, and we would certainly expect that it will continue to improve. I mean, if you look at our performance, both currently as well as going forward as we projected it in our LRP, we will perform in the top tier of our peer groups and we would expect that we'll start to see the PE reflect that to a greater extent going forward as the litigation strategy plays out more. On the third question, and I'm sure there will be other questions around the litigation and I'll apologize in advance that this won't be a very satisfying answer for you but it certainly I think you'll understand why. We're now in the very active phase of litigation around HUMIRA biosimilars. And therefore, we're not in a position where we're going to be able to provide a lot of color. And we're certainly not in a position where we can do this play-by-play strategy of how we're going to deal with every aspect of it. That just wouldn't be a smart thing for us to do. What I can reiterate is this. Back in October, we outlined in detail the extensive portfolio of IP that we have for HUMIRA and our confidence in that IP and it goes beyond any one single patent. And I can tell you we remain confident in that IP portfolio and we've made it very clear that we intend to vigorously defend all of our IP against anyone that potentially infringes it. And, so that process will play out. So, as I said, it's just not prudent for us now in this space to ultimately lay out in detail the play-by-play. And, so we're just not in a position to be able to do that.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. Great. Chris, this is Rick. So, I'll cover those. So, let me start with the biosimilar impact because, as you said, we've seen biosimilars certainly with the Remicade biosimilar in the market for quite some time and now we're in the early phases of the launch of Enbrel biosimilars, particularly in the European areas. So, if you look at Remicade, there are Remicade biosimilars now in roughly 60-plus countries, like 62 countries. About 50 of those, a little more than 50 of those, have pricing and reimbursement. So, they are actively involved in marketing the product in those countries. If, we've studied it very carefully, if you look at the overall share of biosimilars it's less than 5%, it's about 4.5%. If you look at their share of Remicade, it's about 20%, 22% something like that. It varies a lot. So, I'd say it's very high in tender based countries like a Norway, Denmark, Poland is an example. Very high market share in those. If you go more into the traditional Western European markets, more like in the 20% to 25% share of the Remicade market. And, the discounting has played out to basically range in the tender countries fairly high, I'd say that 50% to 70% kind of range from a discounting standpoint and then the rest of the market probably in that 30% to 40% kind of range. It hasn't had any impact on us at all. Remicade because it's an infusion product in most of those countries doesn't compete in the same space that we compete in. So, then, you move over to Enbrel. So, Enbrel is approved now. The Enbrel biosimilar is approved in about 32 countries. There's pricing and reimbursement in about a third of those countries right now. We've seen much lower discounting than what we've expected, I'd say. It ranges from as little as low-single digit discounting to maybe up in the 30% to 35% range in non-tender countries, and kind of the high 30%s to high 50%s in the tender countries. Again, it's playing out similar to the way we saw the Remicade biosimilar. So in the tender countries, they are having higher share like the Norways and the Denmarks, Germany, Sweden, single digit kind of share. So, really no substantial market share impact but it's too early in the process for us to see that. I'd say the strategy that we anticipated and the one we put in place seems to be working well but it's the early rounds and you can see it in the performance of the business. You can see HUMIRA's continuing to grow in the international markets. And as you back out the Venezuela impact, you can see that it's actually growing in the 6% or so range, 6.2% range. And so, we're continuing to see good, strong growth in those markets. And so, I'd say the early rounds are working like we had anticipated they would. But we need to give it some more time and see how it plays out. But it's a good opportunity for us to see how our strategy is working and be able to modify that strategy. So, that's essentially the biosimilar impact that we see. Nothing different than what we had expected. Now, let me move over to derm and the impact on 2017. I'd say, overall, we're very happy with our performance in the derm space. So, if you look at the U.S., I'll talk specifically about the U.S., we've seen TRx's grow. In fact, accelerate over the course of time. I mean, if you go back to the early part of 2015 or even look at the average across 2015, we had kind of low double-digit TRx growth. In first quarter and second quarter that's accelerated to like 17% or 18% TRx growth in derm. And so, we're seeing nice strong growth in that segment of the market. If you look at our revenue, a very similar kind of profile, we had strong double-digit growth and now it's accelerated fairly dramatically probably about 10 points to 15 points above what it had been running at. If you look at market share, our overall market share is pretty stable to maybe slight down, 1.5% or so. As we analyze it, it is really driven extensively by the Otezla experience where we're seeing a lot more patients, particularly moderate and sometimes mild patients coming into the category. And so, therefore, the category is growing faster and so that dilutes our market share position. We when pull Otezla out, and we looked at our market share, our market share looks relatively stable. In particular, if you look at PsA, our overall share has been stable in the U.S. at about 32%. If you look at Rheum PsA, it's actually increased about three points, which is the larger part of the PsA market, it's about 75% of the overall PsA market. And even the AS PsA has increased about two points. Psoriasis as I said, it's down about one-and-a-half points to two points in total, but it's more driven by Otezla. So, overall, we feel very good about how the business is performing across all the indications but certainly in derm as well.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. Well, we don't necessarily have a follow-on product. We had some programs that we had been working on and that we ultimately decided to stop. And so, it will be running this franchise out. We're treating it as a typical LOE kind of an asset. And it's performing better than what we had expected but ultimately there will come a time where it will suffer more impact from generic competition. And so, we're basically dealing with it as we would deal with most assets, smaller molecule kind of asset LOEs where we take a large part of the cost out of the product. And manage it for maximum profitability.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. So, this is Rick. So, let me start with the payer question that you had. Indication-based pricing, I think, first evolved primarily in the oncology space. And it was driven, I think, by certain efforts to say, you'll have an oncology agent that has very strong efficacy in a certain disease, and might have significantly lower efficacy in another disease, and why would I pay the same for this strong efficacy as I would for relatively modest efficacy? I think that was how the concept originally evolved. As we look at HUMIRA, and we look across all of the major indications at least, with every single indication, there's obviously some variation between the competitive profiles. But I'd say, in general, HUMIRA tends to perform across those broad set of indications in the top tier. And so that is how we view it. So, indication-based pricing wouldn't be something that we think is very applicable for this specific asset in this particular class. And we haven't seen it take off much prior to this, and we'll have to see how it plays out over time. There are a lot, it may sound to you like it's a fairly innocent issue around timing and the steps and what should play out, but I would tell you, it's not that from a litigation standpoint. And so I'm just going to need to take the same position I did before. We're not in a position to be able to give you a lot more color. Certainly, we've made it clear what our position is going to be. And I think that will become clearer as the steps play out. But I can't give you a whole lot of color on the timing or what the alternatives would be.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Yeah. And the only thing I'd add is – on the inventory discussion that Bill had, it's important to keep in perspective both periods were under a half-a-month, but even relatively small variations in a day here or a day there can have some impact on the growth rate. So, what Bill was describing is that the prior period had a inventory level that was below 0.5, right, but it was lower than what the inventory level was this period, which was also below 0.5.
Michael E. Severino: Okay. So, this is Mike. I'll take the question about the BMS collaboration. So, I think that, first of all, we're very fortunate that after many years, without much progress in the treatment of small cell lung cancer, there are very promising mechanisms coming forward, our own Rova-T, as well as the data that have been presented recently in immuno-oncology. And I think that offers real benefit for patients downstream. What I would say about the way the two companies are thinking about these assets, I think that the speed which the deal came together really speaks for itself. And that collaboration would not have been possible in this short period of time if we were thinking about the assets very differently. As we've said, in other settings, when one is thinking about the treatment of patients with small cell lung cancer, there are a couple of treatment goals. The first is that one needs to get disease control because these patients present very ill with very rapidly progressing disease. And Rova-T has shown in its Phase II studies that it can do that and it can do that with a defined course of therapy. We also believe that the data strongly supports that the responses with Rova-T will be durable. Now, when one thinks about other treatment goals, it would be desirable to have a long-term surveillance on board after one achieves that initial strong and durable disease control and we believe that IO agents can play a real role there. And so, the collaboration with Bristol will test this. And we believe will provide very exciting data for patients with small cell lung cancer in the future.
Michael E. Severino: Okay. So, with respect to the Stemcentrx questions. Rova-T, the objective response data for Rova-T have been very consistent in our view across the various reports over the last several months. And they've ranged from about 39% into the mid 40% range. And that really just relates to the cut of the data, whether one is using initial investigator reports or subsequent adjudicated assessments of objective response and doesn't bear on durability of those responses in any way. And the objective response rate and, importantly, the clinical benefit rate have both remained very high. The one-year survival has also been very consistent in the 30%-plus range across the data cuts, which gives us a very good feel for the durability of those responses. And in this heavily pre-treated patient population, the best estimate – the most rigorous but also the highest estimate of one year survival is about 12% and in many cases it may actually be lower than that. And so, that 30% number we view as very important. So, we don't see anything concerning with respect to the durability of the responses with Rova-T. So, with respect to the remainder of the Stemcentrx pipeline, there are actually five programs in the clinic now, one of those is Rova-T, two are the Pfizer-partnered programs, PTK7 and Ephrin-A4. And then, there are two other programs in the clinic for solid tumor indications, but we haven't disclosed those targets or the particular tumors of interest at this point in time. In addition to those five, there are five additional assets that will enter the clinic over the next 12 months to 18 months, so by the end of 2017. In the areas of initial interest when one looks at the tumors that we're treating today, will obviously be small cell. There's also a focus on ovarian cancer and triple-negative breast cancer among others.
Michael E. Severino: I agree with that certainly. When we look at what we've built in terms of the hematological malignancies platform, I think we have the assets we need to drive standard of care not only in the short term, but also, in the longer term. And then when one considers what we've built on the solid tumor side both internally through Stemcentrx and through our partnership with Calico, we feel good about the pipeline opportunities that we'll be able to bring forward over the course of the next several years. We'll always keep our eyes open particularly for earlier technologies, earlier programs things that can add to those efforts, but we feel good about the engine we've built.
Michael E. Severino: Certainly. So, with respect to Elagolix, as you pointed out, Mark, we have a substantial lead, having completed our two pivotal Phase III studies and already being in the process of collecting longer-term data that are necessary to define benefit risk. And we think that is a real advantage for our program, and one that we're going to continue to drive as we drive forward for example with the Add-back program to further enhance the understanding of how we can use Elagolix to treat endometriosis and uterine fibroids. With respect to some of the issues you brought up on competitive programs, we don't really view potency as a primary driver here. In fact, the most potent agent in this access is Lupron and the problem is in fact the degree to which that shuts down the access. We're trying to achieve a fine titration of dose. And we believe Elagolix has the properties to allow us to do that. With respect to co-formulation, with Add-back, there is nothing that would prevent us from co-formulating with Add-back as well and we believe over time, there may be a number of strategies that could be used to protect bone and so we'll have flexibility to employ many, many different strategies. So, we feel very good about the position of Elagolix. We think it's an important treatment option and we think that it's going to make a real impact on endometriosis. With respect to relative advantages of a Q day formulation, I think that again depends on the dose one ultimately selects. And I think, when we look at the overall profile of Elagolix, we remain convinced that it's very strong.
Michael E. Severino: Okay. So, the first part of the question related to multiple myeloma and we have the potential to pursue myeloma with a number of assets in our portfolio. VENCLEXTA has clear potential there and we're advancing that program rapidly as we mentioned during our opening remarks. IMBRUVICA also has potential, as do a number of the molecules in our pipeline. It is a competitive space. One can prolong survival to a much greater extent today than was possible a decade ago. But we still don't have curative therapies. Patients ultimately fail therapy and progress which means that we need new mechanisms that aren't cross-reactive that provide durable disease control. And we think we have a number of those in our pipeline. So, we're aware of the competition certainly. But we think we have therapies that will further the standard of care in that disease and we'll be driving clinical programs forward to demonstrate that. With respect to veliparib, so veliparib is a molecule that is an important part of our overall oncology efforts. It's in Phase III studies across a range of tumor indications. We have a bit of a different hypothesis around the way veliparib should be used than perhaps some of the others who are developing PARPs. We are not focused solely on the use in patients with germline BRCA mutations or other HRD deficient tumors. We are exploring the hypothesis in our Phase III program that PARP can augment DNA damage in chemotherapy; essentially that the first hit doesn't have to come from a genetic hit. It can come from a therapeutic hit that is DNA damaging which would increase the importance of DNA repair mechanisms. That hypothesis is being tested in a range of Phase III programs in non-small cell lung cancer and breast cancer and in ovarian cancer. And those studies will start to read out in 2017. We'll have a number of important data readouts which will tell us the role that PARP can play there. So, we haven't focused on it as much in recent investor days and that's largely because it is in a quiet period where the studies are up and running. We're generating the results but you'll hear a lot more about PARP in 2017.
William J. Chase: And Marc, we do continue to see market shrinkage. We've been very pleased with the way that the share has hung in there. And obviously, it's been a nice story this year but we got to watch how this thing plays out as the LOE dynamics proceed.
William J. Chase: Sure. Gregg, I think probably the best thing to do is dissect the U.S. number on the quarter for you. And I think that will give you a good sense of the overall dynamics of the brand. And then I'll back up and talk a little bit about the business in general. Obviously, the brand is performing very, very well in the U.S. We grew at 26.7% in the Q. Script trends, the way we see them, we're in the mid-teens for the quarter. Our price was up – it was actually up in the single digits. And then, as I said in my comments, we did see a modest impact from differences in customer order patterns. Again, we run this business at less than half-a-month inventory. But it gets a little tough to call at various times and we did see a little bit of demand differences between the Q. We had a little bit lower inventories in the second quarter of 2015 relative to 2016. So, I think the way you got to think about this is mid-teens growth from script and single-digit price. And when you add those up, you can pretty much get to the 20% number that we've guided to. From a overall price standpoint, look, I would say if you back up and look at our growth on the quarter of 18%, the majority was volume. Across the total book of business, we had a price impact of less than 4%. So, the strategy that we've actually employed for the business and certainly with our new products launching is this is going to be a product, company that's fueled by volume and not price. Obviously price, we do have an opportunity in certain markets to take it, but I would not say this is a company that is heavily dependent on price. And then, as we look out over the LRP, we tend to scale down our price expectations in the U.S. because we think that's the prudent way to model.
William J. Chase: From a cash flow and receivable standpoint, again, we're still working on the Q, so I'm not going to specifics there other than to say that cash flow remains very robust and frankly from a receivable standpoint we're collecting fine. So, but I can't give you specifics at this point in time.
