John Leonard: Jami, it’s John Leonard. I will go first. Thanks for the question. Just for everybody on the phone, let me remind you, we had, at the very end of last year some instances of tumor lysis syndrome in some of our early studies with ABT-199.  We voluntarily paused enrollment in some of the studies that we were doing and with the FDA, went on a partial clinical hold for the CLL studies. In the last couple of months, we’ve very carefully gone back retospectfully looking at all those patients to understand what might be any risk factors for TLS and now we’ve been working with the FDA. So let me give you a sense of exactly where we are.  We’ve identified risk factors that we think are clearly related to the tumor burden itself. In other words, those patients that had experienced any evidence of POS all had large tumor burdens associated with it. And with that, we have taken that into consideration going forward.  So I’m pleased to report that in the instances of multiple myrloma and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, we’ve resumed enrollment, that site is actively going on. And we’re in the very final stages of working with the FDA to resume enrollment in the CLL studies.  Essentially what’s going on is some final work to refine the actual prophylactic regiment for handling some well-known side effects of TLS.  I think to your question, Jami, we’re pretty confident that one can step through dosing in a graded fashion and have tumor dye at a controlled rate and well-known, well-characterized prophylactic measurements – or measures. We believe that we should be able to readily handle TLS. 
John Leonard: Okay, I’ve been scribbling notes with your questions. :Let me take them in reverse. So ABT-126, let me give you a sense of where we are, David. We’re doing Phase IIb work as we speak and that’s meant to extend the proof of concept, call it 2a work that was done with modified studies and limited dosing. So what we want to do is more fully flush out what the efficacy curve might look like and with that, characterize even higher doses that we were not in a position to test when we did our first study.  Two different indications, you’re correct. Alzheimer’s disease as well as cognitive disorders, so schizophrenia or CIA as it’s now called.  With respect to the news flow, we will share the data from that first 2a study in Alzheimer’s disease in July at the Alzheimer’s meeting and our plans right now for the CIS data would be in 2014. We haven’t chosen a venue yet, but as we have that, obviously, we’ll share that with you.  Let me move onto 199. It’s sort of an extension, I think, of Jami’s earlier question. The premise of your question, I think, is a little incorrect if I understood it. I took it to imply that what we’re doing is giving lower doses on a continuous basis of the patients, and therefore, the higher doses that we might want to get to may not be reached and therefore, efficacy might be constrained a bit. That’s not what we’re doing. Essentially what we’re doing is a walking up doses and we’re convinced that as tumor dies the risk of tumor lysis syndrome will recede because there’s less material from the tumor to be dealt with and therefore you can get to those higher doses that have been associated with the outstanding activity that we’ve observed today.  So it may take a little bit longer to get there, which is what we’ll be working out here as we go, but in terms of being able to deliver what we want to deliver for these patients, we’re very confident we’re going to be able to get there.  And then finally HCV was the first question, launch timing. I mean, it’s no secret that we’re all working as fast as we can. It’s a very competitive space. We have an excellent team on that. They’re working flat out. We’ve communicated along the way that we would expect a very early 2015 launch. We’re confident that we will meet that and we’ll see where Gilead is with respect to that timing as well. 
John Leonard: It’s John. The regulatory question of breakthrough status, you know, it’s an avenue that the Food and Drug Administration has opened up that we think is a valuable one in that it permits more access and more opportunity to discuss data as it emerges and to have good planning. It doesn’t necessarily predict a regulatory outcome, however, or accelerate the review. So we filed for breakthrough status on some of our products and we’re looking forward to hearing from the FDA so that we can, as always, welcome additional interaction with them.  But I think in terms of planning for review status and all that, I would treat it essentially the same way that we always have until now. 
John Leonard: Thanks for the question, it’s John Leonard. Let me start with the EASL comments. Scott’s comments were taken out of context and are not accurate. We’re very confident in the work that we have with our first generation program. We’re also extremely excited and confident about the elements of our second generation program. We’ve not been actively looking for partners. I think the story was essentially a distraction.  With respect to Jack, the importance of having an oral jack, we’ve shared our longer-term strategy in the immunology space is to try to enhance the overall benefit risk profile and I think we’ve seen some evidence of how important that is. Our goal is to take some of the learnings that have come from the jack space and try to tease that apart and build that into our own oral program with the intention of getting to higher levels of efficacy than achieved in the space. That’s our primary goal and of course, that’s what we’re striving for.  With respect to where we are, you undoubtedly know that we have a relationship with Golopogas, they’ve shared some early information on their compound, which we think is very, very exciting and they’re moving into 2b work the middle of this year. That will be dose ranging that will test q.d. and b.i.d regimens. We’re very excited about its profile, particularly with respect to what we think is a very attractive adverse event profile and the efficacy, oh well, based on small patient numbers for a short duration, we think is definitely intriguing and worth pursuing.  Our own internal jack program goes for great specificity to select out the jack 2 activity, which we think has been dose limiting in some of the first generation compounds and that’s well into its Phase I program and progressing well. 
John Leonard: With respect to Duadopa’s launch, primarily in Europe, and it’s used most in the Nordic countries, I think that’s where it’s getting most of its use.  Thanks, Marc. 
Richard Gonzalez: Jami, this is Rick. So let me answer your HUMIRA question. Certainly, we’re off to a strong start. Now, one of the things that Bill pointed out in his remarks is we did have some tenders move from second quarter into first quarter, so first quarter is, you know, slightly up and we’ll see that reverse in second quarter. But all in all, still overall, if you looked at the average, we have very strong growth. We’re also only a quarter into 2013, so it’s probably a little early to change any projects that we have for the product. But I – suffice to say, we’re confident with the performance that we’ve projected for HUMIRA and we’ll just have to see how the rest of the year plays out. 
Richard Gonzalez: Jeff, this is Rick. So on the competitiveness of the HCV, you know, as I said in my comments, you know, our goal is to basically deliver therapy to the marketplace. It gives patients the greatest opportunity to be cured. And we want to do that as broadly as we possibly can across [inaudible]. We want to be able to do that for naïve patients and we want to do that for even the very difficult to treat and all those fibrotic patients, et cetera.  I think as we look at our data and the data we just presented last week at EASL, I think we’re demonstrating that. You know, you look at the fibrosis data and the aisle 28b data that we presented at that meeting and I think we have outstanding performance, right. It doesn’t degrade at all. So I think we feel very good about the competitiveness of our program based on the objectives that we have for it and we feel good about the timeline that we’re operating against.  And so, I think we have a high level of confidence in our HCV program. Jeff Holford – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much.
Richard Gonzalez: And Greg, this is Rick on the HUMIRA royalties. You know, we don’t provide product level P&L detail, so we’re not going to go through the royalties in any level of detail. What I would say is there have been reports put out, Jami’s report in particular that came out recently. I think the premise behind that report, we would feel is accurate, is appropriate. And the range that was characterized in that report of 5 to 10%, if you looked at it across on a global basis I think is a reasonable range to think about it. So I think that should give you some clarity around the royalties and the expiration of those royalties. Greg Gilbert – Bank of America: Thanks. 
Richard Gonzalez: All right, Chris, this is Rick. I’ll cover the Pfizer comment. I mean, basically we don’t know much more about the Pfizer situation than you do, than what’s been publically reported. So you know, I think as far as the dynamics are concerned, our projections would have been a relatively modest impact in 2013 anyway in Europe, based both on the timing and how difficult this market is to break into. I think you’re seeing that in the U.S. launch today. The challenge is that any competitor coming into this market tends to face. I don’t think it has any dramatic impact on what we had forecast and we’ll just have to see how it plays out longer term as Pfizer continues to pursue approval of that product in Europe.  Thanks, Chris. 
Richard Gonzalez: Michael, this is Rick. On AndroGel, you know, we have seen the markets slow down. You have to remember, this is a market that grew very rapidly in 2012, so if you look at the average in the first quarter, I think it’s down around high-single to 10% kind of range. You know, I think that’s probably a reasonable expectation to think about going forward from a market growth standpoint, that this market will grow roughly in the high-single digits kinds of ranges going forward. I don’t think that surprises us that much. You know, every market tends to slow down over time and I think if you look at the fundamentals of this market, that’s what we would expect going forward.  And so that – our planning assumptions are now built around that kind of market growth going forward for 2013. 
Richard Gonzalez: Alex, this is Rick Gonzalez. So I think if you look at Europe and you’re seeing this for a number of years now, we continue to see good strong robust growth in Europe in this particular area. I think one of the things that Europe has really adopted and valued is the ability to be able to put the disease in remission and be able to hold it in remission for long periods of time. So you know, we continue to see market growth in the double digit range in that market. When you look at the penetration rates across all three major areas, the penetration rates are still relatively low and so we would expect that we’ll continue to see that growth going forward in the programs that we have I place I think have been demonstrated to be very effective at both helping market growth as well as driving improvement in share, growth in share in the indications particularly [inaudible] as I indicated. But also we’re continuing to hold our own from an RA shares standpoint. And so I think we feel good about the dynamics in Europe. You know, there’s still problematic countries in Europe, for sure, but I think overall, if you look at Europe in general it’s performing within our expectations and I think it’s a market that we think is a good market for products like HUMIRA.  As far as the emerging market, I think one of the things that’s important to remember is that, you know, the majority of our business is still in the developed markets, roughly 85% of our revenues come from the developed markets. There are some emerging markets like a Brazil that are relatively large markets for us but there are also a number of markets that are relatively small. And so we have not seen any material impact from any biosimilar competition in the emerging markets or anything what we would perceive to be any kind of an issue for the business going forward in those emerging markets. Alex (Arfaei) – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Richard Gonzalez: And Damien, this is Rick. On the HCV question, you know, as we look at this market, we do expect to see some acceleration, significant acceleration in market growth. I mean, I think to frame the size of the market and give you some perspective on it, you know, today if we look at geno-type 1 and the G7, we would estimate somewhere around 2.5 million people are currently diagnosed as being infected with the disease. If you go back to 2011, roughly 175,000 patients were treated. And so there is some clinical capacity constraints that exist today with the current therapies. As we bring these next generations of products to the marketplace in that 2015 timeframe, there’re obviously simpler protocols to be able to administer from a physician’s standpoint and the side effect profile is dramatically improved from the generation of products that exist today.  So you would expect that you would be able to increase the number of patients who are treated at that point. We’re estimating that that number could grow to the 350 kind of thousand range per year.  As far as the patient types, I think, you know, our perspective on it is, this is a disease that progresses very slowly and as these new therapies come to market, we think that healthcare systems and physicians will prioritize those patients that need the therapy the most and I think particularly if you can bring a therapy to market that has a 90% plus kind of mature rate for those patients, which hasn’t been seen before with the current therapies that exist today, there’ll be motivation to go treat those patients. And so we think in the early parts of the launch, the first few years, that we should see a significant number of those patients being treated. Obviously, that makes us feel good about our particular therapy. Thank you. 
