Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Laura Schumacher, Vice Chairman, External Affairs Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Before we get started, I remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today's conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and historical results for Allergan. For this comparison of underlying performance all historically reported Allergan revenues has been recast to conform to AbbVie’s revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude the divestitures Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth further exclude the impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, first question please.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Gary. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Mike. Starting with second quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.11 up 32.9% compared to prior year and above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were nearly $14 billion 19.3% on a comparable operational basis, excluding a 1.6% favorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 49.7% of sales, an improvement of 260 basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 82.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $606 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.6%. As Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $12.52 and $12.62, reflecting growth of 19% at the midpoint. Excluded from this guidance is $6.48 of known intangible amortization and specified items. This guidance now contemplates full year revenue growth of 10.7% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we now expect foreign exchange have 0.9% favorable impact on full year comparable sales growth. This implies a full year revenue forecast of approximately $56.3 billion. Included in this guidance are the following updated full year assumptions. We now expect aesthetics global revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, including approximately $2 billion from Botox Cosmetic, and approximately $1.4 billion from Juvederm. We now expect Restasis sales of approximately $1.1 billion and assume no generic competition in 2021. For Ubrelvy, we now expect sales of approximately $500 million. For women's health, we now expect global revenue of approximately $900 million. And for Mavyret, we now expect global sales of approximately $1.9 billion. Looking at the P&L for 2021, we are now forecasting adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.7 billion and adjusted SGA expense of approximately $11.9 billion. All other full year assumptions remain unchanged. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we anticipate net revenue of approximately $14.3 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have 0.5% favorable impact on comparable sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.18 and $3.22, excluding approximately $1.64 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, we continue to make great progress on our Allergan transaction commitments. We are exceeding our revenue expectations in several areas, including Botox, Vraylar, Ubrelvy and eyecare. We've also delivered expense synergies of almost $800 million during the first half of this year, and are on track to deliver synergies of approximately $1.7 billion in 2021 and greater than $2 billion in 2022. And we have already paid down $12 billion of combined company debt. We expect to achieve $17 billion of cumulative debt paid down by the end of this year, with further deleveraging through 2023. This will bring our net leverage ratio to 2.4 times by the end of 2021. And approximately two times by the end of 2022. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding performance. And we are very pleased with the strong momentum of the business heading into the second half of the year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: And Vamil, this is Rob. I'm going to come back to your first question. Just one more thing we should mention is, we've been able to really leverage our international infrastructure. And so, we set up this business. We have the aesthetics franchise, focus fully internationally on that business whereas Allergan had combined with therapeutics. So, we've been able to bring that focus and the level of investment. I think we've also been able to leverage our market access prowess. So, we’re very strong across the globe. And so, when you think about the opportunities for us going forward, I think, international certainly plays a big role as we leverage the Allergan business.
Rob Michael: Yeah, and your question regarding the guidance for RINVOQ. So you're right, we did give guidance to $1.7 billion early this year, assuming we would have a new indications approved. We said that would be a minor contribution, think of it in that couple of hundred-million-dollar range. But given the strong performance out of the RA indication, we've maintained that guidance, despite the fact that those approvals are delayed. There is some level of savings in terms of SG&A related to approvals being delayed. But at the same time, we're investing the business you'd look at, we're doing the aesthetics. Obviously, other parts of Allergan business, there's opportunity to invest more broadly. So overall, SG&A is up because we are investing for long term growth, but there is some level of savings associated with the RINVOQ delays.
Jeff Stewart: I think, Rick, the – I would agree, I think, big piece Vamil, was the - is the level of the investment. So, as we looked at the - particularly the neuroscience compounds, Vraylar and Ubrelvy, we were able to structure the sales forces a little differently, which was important from commercial execution and also really upgrade and drive some of the investment around patient activation. So, I think that all of these brands are spectacular brands leadership position. And when we got that investment profile right, we've seen the response, so nothing that beyond that. Going back to your question on the hematology share, the 42% that I referred to was the combined AbbVie shares. So that's Imbruvica plus Venclexta across all lines of CLL. So, if you take a look - if I give you a little bit more color on the latest data that we have, for example, in frontline, we have 35% total AbbVie share, which is made up around 24% for Imbruvica and 11% for Venclexta. For second line share, for example, we have a 48% total AbbVie position, which is approximately 33% for Imbruvica and 15% for Venclexta. So, both of these brands are now operating at a very significant share level across CLL. I'll give you some more thoughts as you ask for in terms of color in the market. Beyond that leadership level that we have across the CLL indication, we do see that the CLL market is still suppressed. So, for example, patient starts year-to-date are down in the high single digits. And even within the quarter, they were down in the low single digits. We see that improving. And so that outlook looks to improve over the second part of the year. In terms of overall share dynamics, over the last several quarters, we have lost a few share points to Calquence, within the range of our expectations as they've ramped with their CLL ramp. But also interesting, we've seen that there's been some share increases in monotherapy CD20, which we think is also a COVID type of effect that will ultimately revert back to normality as we go along through the pandemic. So overall, the franchise is performing very, very well. And as you heard from Mike, we're tremendously excited about the future of the hem/onc franchises as we move forward.
Jeff Stewart: Right, and I'll take the Ubrelvy question. As I mentioned, we're very, very pleased with Ubrelvy and really our overall migraine portfolio that we're rapidly developing here. To give you some sense, it's quite remarkable. I mean, if you look at the total acute oral CGRP category, so that's us and the competitor. It's about 18% of all new prescriptions, and it continues to grow very, very quickly. So again, it shows you how hard patients and physicians are. Are looking for the adoption of these particular agents, even though you have to step through a Triptan, some cases two Triptan. So, the market demand is very, very substantial. When we look to the overall performance, we can see that roughly the two agents are sort of splitting the acute indication. Some of the more weeklies are now being a little confounded by the new preventative episodic approval from Neurotech. But nonetheless, I think that's a small piece of the story. When we sort of peel out some of their new preventative scripts, we still have the leadership position for the acute market. But I really think the bigger picture is how fast that segment will expand over time? And we anticipate that will continue to lead that based on Ubrelvy’s overall profile. Our overall access dynamics are quite good. So, we really have roughly a 90% access. Again, some of that access demands a step through a Triptan. But overall, when you look at how fast that category is going, we don't really anticipate that there's major new plans that we need to achieve any sort of incremental access position. And so, basically our commercial strategy continues to be how hard can we drive this acute segment and lead that acute segment. And as I mentioned in my prepared remark, anticipating the arrival in the late third quarter for Atogepant, which has just a spectacular profile for episodic migraine. So, thank you.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah, as I mentioned in my remarks, the uptake on RINVOQ in many major markets is very, very strong. Now, as you know, waiting for reimbursement takes a little bit more time than the U.S. but as I highlighted, we have in play leadership and this is including the TNF to biosimilars in Germany, France, Canada, for example. So, it's quite strong. I think another point that I'd like to make, and we certainly see it in some of the early launch countries with PSA and AS. There appears to be a synergistic effect which makes some sense from a commercial standpoint. As countries like Germany start to introduce PSA and AS, the entire RINVOQ molecule starts to accelerate and move faster. And so again, given the last question I answered, we're actually anxiously awaiting the approval of those extra room indications there. So it's quite strong. And as I highlighted again and Mike mentioned, our label here in atopic derm is going to look quite strong in the European markets. Mike, maybe you can hit on MDD and then I'll address the market structure there.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah, I mean, if we look at the market structure, obviously, you have schizophrenia, which is a relatively modest market, and we have a good growing position there with our existing indication. And then you have the prescriptions and really the different bipolar segments. And what I would say about not the big depression market, but the adjunctive MDD market that Mike spoke about. It's about the same size in terms of a prescription value to the bipolar segment. So, adjunctive MDD, if the studies were to progress as we see is really gives us a chance to access a market that's equally sized for the one that we're competing in today. So, it's quite attractive as we continue to look for the final readout of those trials.
Michael Severino: I'll take the question on RINVOQ UC. What I would say is the data that we've seen from RINVOQ UC has exceeded our expectations from an episode perspective, and the results they are very strong. UC has been very difficult to treat pharmacologically and getting high rates of permission. And this response has been challenging and both has delivered those now account just across number of studies. And I think from a safety perspective, it's also performed very well. I commented in my remarks, fact that overall rates of these serious AEs are actually lower with RINVOQ [ph]. Now the reason for that is that many of these AEs are driven by self and with the improvement in the ease to use UC then improve as well. And with respect to events of interest, the safety profile has worked very, very well with their segment A, segment B and other events rates have been comparable to controls. And so overall, we feel very confident in the long term guidance that we put out. But one thing that's important to keep in mind is that long term guidance is 2025 guidance. And our IBD assets will be in relatively early stage of launch by that time. But the profiles that I've talked about not only for RINVOQ, but also for SKYRIZI bode well, not only 2025 guidance, but for the long term growth of that aesthetic as opportunity there as well.
Michael Severino: Okay, so this is Mike, I'll take both of those questions. With respect to 951 we’ll publish full data from the Phase 3 study that I described at a medical meeting and then ultimately, in peer reviewed journals as well. But what I can say is the skin safety has looked good to our eye and is within our expectations well within our expectations. As one would expect with a cutaneous device, there are some local reactions, but those have generally been mild and resolved with continuing treatment. We've not seen significant issues with more severe types of skin about the safety profile, and we think the patient friendly aspects of subcutaneous delivery that has some parallels to an insulin pump like device will be a real advantage here because it allows patients to get that to open like efficacy that's transformative without the need for placement of a gastric tube that's unthreaded in the small bowel and very, very difficult to manage. And so, we feel very good about the potential for 951. With respect to a-Beta, I think if one looks at all of the data, it's quite clear that if you can remove plaque rapidly, then there will be a benefit, and the key parameter that we would need to see is deep reductions in level of plaque and rapid reductions in the level of plaque, because you won't start to see a cognitive benefit, we believe until you get to that amyloid negativity level bypass, which is 20 centroids, until you reduce patients to that level. So, the goal would be to get them there as rapidly as possible. And to do that, while minimizing the impact of area. And we think that that can be done through epitopes selection. There are slight differences in the amyloid forms that are present in vessel wall compared to plaque. And with appropriate epitopes selection, we believe that our preclinical data would support that you can do that with reduced risk of area. And of course, we now need to see whether the clinical data supports that as well. But those are the basic principles that we're following. We've obviously had these candidates before the aducanumab approval, because as I said, we've been monitoring this area quite closely. But we think this is a good time to advance those candidates and to determine whether the science I described plays out in the clinic. But our approaches with respect to a-Beta are based on plaque, not soluble forms of [Indiscernible].
Michael Severino: Yeah, thank you, Andrew. And to start with oncology. I mean, largely, as you know the rebaiting has been done through the sort of the GPO channel. And particularly with the physician in office dynamics that are in that sector, we don't see significant rebaiting happening at the PDM level. And if it is, it's quite modest. I think the certainly from the ESI standpoint that you highlighted, that was an ESI decision. That was not certainly something that AbbVie approach that particular payer with any sort of deal. Our philosophy is that these drugs are very important for oncologists to have basically open access for all of these agents. So, I think it is something that we've seen some of these lights that have started to turn on. But they've been quite modest. And I don't think that they're going to be a super accelerant that we should be overly worried about. That's my position on that. I think this the second approach in terms of sorry, that was the question on the magnitude of the Medicaid. Yeah, this has been quite interesting. We've seen, certainly on all of the data, the fact that the enrollment in Medicaid has gone up. When we look across our businesses at let's say, acute channel shifts in terms of the utilization, they're relatively modest. They're there, so we don't see massive movements around our channels shifting that link to the magnitude of what you might see in terms of the enrollments. So it's relatively modest, certainly manageable. And I think, certainly, as we see the jobs positioned come back and that could be quite strong, I think we'll see any modest movement will be corrected over the next several quarters.
Michael Severino: This is my context, a question on the CF program. When we restructured the collaboration with Galapagos. A few years ago, to take direct operational control of that program, we had a couple of goals. One is we wanted to make sure that we're optimizing the potentiator in C1 components of the regimen. We felt we had a best in class, C1 in Q2. But we believed we needed to make a switch in the potentiator to one that we already had in hand. And we've done that. We also believe that we needed a C2 corrector. That’s in that time period a few years ago did not exist. So, we needed a C2 corrector that had the potential to be best in class. And so, what we did is we put a significant internal chemistry effort to come up with a number of compounds. 119 is the most advanced and a very promising one that we believe fit that bill. And based on all the preclinical profiling, we think 119 can be a best in class C2 corrector. And with the other components of or triple, we think we can deliver best in class efficacy with appropriate pharmacological properties, dosing, low DDIs, et cetera. And so, we are now in a proof-of-concept Phase 2 study in the clinic to determine whether those preclinical data will in fact spare out. What I would say here is the preclinical assays are good. They're much more predictive than they are in other areas because we fundamentally know what the defect is in CF, and we can study it in appropriate tissues in human tissues in vitro. But ultimately, we're going to need to see the clinical data. By right around the end of the year, we'll see internally proof of concept results for that triple. We'd probably be in a position to announce them externally early next year, and those will be data that will include impact on FET1 with a triple. And so that will tell us whether we can be best in class. And I agree if we are best in class, I think it's a very significant opportunity and we will progress it rapidly. Now, it's a proof-of-concept study. So, if it's successful, we'd have some additional dose ranging to do. We're studying the highest dose of 119, to determine whether it can have that effect we'd have to do some additional dose ranging to determine the optimal dose of 119, but that can be done rapidly. And then we would, if successful move into Phase 3 development.
Michael Severino: I'll take the first question and then Jeff will take the second question on Ubrelvy. So, with respect to JAK safety, we have indicated that we believe that an action is possible in the next few months. That's based on our discussions with the agency and what timing we think is reasonable. It's not a specific action date, like the PDUFA dates that had been set in the past. So, we will continue to monitor it as the process continues to move along. But the rate limiting factor, as we understand it is the agency's review of the tofacitinib oral surveillance data. And I think once that is completed, we will be able to move forward with Goodspeed with arm review. But there are no additional data from a safety perspective or no other substantial analysis that the agency is waiting on for us. We provided our updated benefit risk quite some time ago, as we announced publicly. And the agency has not requested any additional data. So, it's really that review of the tofacitinib oral surveillance is gaining as we understand it. With respect to an advisory panel, the agency always has the authority to call one if they desire to have one. But what I would say is, if they were planning on having an advisory committee. I would expect them to already be preparing for that and already have that process in motion. And we would know that, and there's no indication that that is underway at this time.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I’ll take that. With respect to the potentiator, we are convinced that we have a potentiator that has activity and we've changed the potentiator from some of those prior combinations that were pursued earlier on in the Galapagos collaboration. We think that, that potentiator it has clear signs of activity, we think the C1 character is very good and probably best in class based on the data that we have seen that were generated earlier in the collaboration. We put this up, the principal piece that was missing was that CTO and we think we have a good one. With respect to the endpoints while it does take a larger sample size, to look at FPV 1 we feel like FPV 1 is what really matters here. That's what's going to translate into clinical benefit for patients. And so, our proof-of-concept study will show us FPV 1 and that's the primary measure that we are going to use to determine whether to advance the triple or not.
Michael Severino: Yeah, it's a very good question. And this question we fought a lot about, let me give you some perspective on RINVOQ. So, if you look at our, let's say, our demand performance, and I think I mentioned my prepared remarks, we've been very consistent about 15% in place share in the large RA market, which is just under Humira, which has grown a little bit over the COVID times and since January to about 18%. So, we're very, very stable. And I do believe that there is some overhang on certain segments of prescribers that have, let's say, going back a little bit to the TNF, really our own product, Humira. So, it's not outside of the realm of possibility as this resolves and really largely, as you probably heard, or seen Xeljanz has lost in play share over that period. So, I do believe there's a little overhang in certain, probably significant segments of Rheumatology. So, we are anxiously awaiting the resolution here of oral surveillance, which obviously has delayed our regulatory submissions. But it's not outside of the realm of possibility, given the very significant and differentiated data that we have in our packages, that we can see an acceleration as things resolve. But we're going to anxiously be monitoring. And certainly, be prepared to anticipate any outcome there.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike, I'll take that. With respect to the focus on plaque, I think when one looks at all of the data, you can conclude that if you can reduce plaque rapidly, from that point forward, you can see a benefit. So, in other words, getting the majority of patients to a level where they are amyloid negative by PET, so below 20 [ph] centoloids. And doing that rapidly is what's required to see a benefit emerge over time. And part of the importance of speed is that you're not going to see that benefit until you get to that level. So, if you spend the entire period of a trial, getting to that level, you don't then have an opportunity within that trial to see an improvement in cognition. And of course, for patients, if you don't get to that level fast enough, they're not going to drive benefit for a period of sometimes too many years. And they need really faster than that. So, that's our focus on plaque. With respect to different components and the role of oligomers. I think it's hard to tease that apart right now, what we know from the data is what I said that getting patients to amyloid negativity, but reducing plaque is what seems to drive a clinical benefit, whether there are upstream steps that one could try to impact to achieve the same result. I think it's an open question. And we're going where the science tells us to go today. With respect to IV or subcue, I think it's early to answer that question. It's going to relate to ultimately the delivered dose. And then dose forms that can be delivered. So, for example, there are on body injectors and other things that can deliver more than the traditional one or two and those of a solution containing a monoclonal antibody. So, there are approaches that could be IV or subcue, but I think it's a little bit early to make predictions on how that will all play out.
Michael Severino: Okay, this is Mike. I'll start with the RINVOQ question and pass it to Rob. And then I'll come back or the 383 question. With respect to the UC filing, the UC filing is not dependent on the approvals in the other indications. And obviously, the timing of release of review of the UC filing would carry it out to a point where those matters where I think, based on any reasonable expectation be resolved.
Michael Severino: With respect to 383, the BCMA, CD3 bispecific, you're correct, there is no impact of the Amgen acquisition of Teneobio on that. The asset would be ours and it would be unencumbered by anything related to the Amgen acquisition. In terms of Phase 2 timing, we plan to move forward very rapidly, not only with Phase 2, but with Phase 3 studies. With this asset, we think the data that have been generated are very strong, very high levels of response, good levels at the DGPR were better thresholds with a very good safety profile as well and a profile that would fit well with combination therapy and move to earlier lines of therapy. So, we'll advance the program aggressively and we'll update on the specifics a little bit later on in the year.
Michael Severino: We go through a fairly rigorous and by that I'd say a very rigorous long range planning process where we evaluate what we think the comparative alternatives might be and the profile of our assets versus other assets. And I would say as we look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, and the clinical data that has been generated is certainly achieving or exceeding the expectations that we had for those assets. I don't see anything on the horizon, that would make it in a timeframe that would have a material impact on those assets based on the guidance that we provided, or even longer-term guidance out to typically do a 10-year long range planning process. So yes, there are certainly many, many modalities that are available today across many of these therapeutic areas. It's having the right kind of asset, and the right kind of clinical performance. And then everything else that wraps around that market access and all the other things you have to be effective at in order to achieve the level of performance that these assets are achieving. And so, bottom line is, I think we feel very confident in our assumptions here. As it relates to the Delta variant. I think as we look at the guidance that we are providing in the second half, it certainly is reflective of what we assume -- we don't assume dramatic changes in the U.S. or other major markets around the world and where we are today. We're assuming major levels of recovery in certain markets, either that are currently in lockdown, like Australia as an example, or in many of the Asian markets outside of outside of China and Singapore. So, I think we've properly represented it. I think the healthcare system in the U.S. in particular has experienced that we have last year tells us that the healthcare system can much better treat these patients. And we're not assuming that we see anything that would be significant in this shift in the U.S. from a lockdown standpoint.
Rick Gonzalez: And this is Rick. Going ahead I'd add to the second question is so we have a very extensive and I would say generous PAP program in place that's really designed to ensure that patients who can't afford our medicines, have the ability to be able to access those medicines free of charge in many cases. As an example, 99% of the applications we get for uninsured patients we approve we actually just increased the program to 600% of the federal poverty level across all of our brands. And so, it's a program that I think is designed to fulfill the mission that I just described. And that is that patients who need our medicines can get them from us if they can't afford to pay for them, or whatever system that they operate in. And but we have not seen and much to our surprise, we have not seen that program increased dramatically, even through COVID. And we advertise directly to patients that if they lost their job during COVID, that we would provide our medicines to them. But I wouldn't say, as I said, much to our surprise we didn't see the volume go up dramatically.
Rick Gonzalez: So, Jeffrey, this is Rick, on your first question. Yes, the guidance for RINVOQ is $8 billion. And I would say we're confident that even with a 15 milligram, we will sustain that guidance. If you look at the performance of the 15 milligram is quite remarkable. And so, we feel good about the performance of RINVOQ, we continue to see strong uptake of RINVOQ, and physician interest and is consistent with what we would expect. So, I think we're fine now.
Rick Gonzalez: And see, this is Rick. On the contracting question, I'll handle that one. It varies quite a bit based on product and by managed care organization, but I'd say typically, so it can be some of them can be as short as 12 months, it's probably more common to be in a 24 month range from a contracting standpoint.
