Scott Brun: David, good morning, it’s Scott Brun. So why don’t I go ahead and take those. Again, with regard to the Phase III Hepatitis C program, all 6 studies as you know are fully enrolled and we’re very pleased with the progress that we’re making there. We will be releasing data as topline press releases later this year and moving into early 2014. I don’t want to get into the specifics with regard to which studies are going to be released, but certainly when you look at all 6, each of them is quite large involving several hundred patients. Again, looking at a variety of different contacts from treatment, naïve treatment experience, cirrhotic patients, so I think certainly each study or set of studies that we release will certainly help to provide some very solid evidence with regard to the performance of the regimen. But again look for us to start those releases later this year.  With regard to the pill burden, I think as you noted David -- with regard to the payers as well as clinicians that we’ve spoken to, cure or sustain virologic response is really keen here. And when you consider a short term regimen whether or not you’re talking 1pill, 4 pills, really what’s going to trump everything is, how well is it going to perform with regard to eliminating the virus. And certainly with regard to the performance that we’ve seen so far of our regimen in Aviator, involve treatment naïve and treatment experience patients , SVR 12 rates ranging from the mid-to-high 90% range as well as tolerability reflected by discontinuation rates for adverse events less than 2%. We really don’t feel that the pill burden is going to be material to clinicians, the payers or for that matter to patients who’re really looking to eliminate this virus.  Finally, with regard to ABT-126, the Alpha-7 NNR, we are looking in Alzheimer's disease both as a mono therapy treatment as well as an add-on to donepezil and then in cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, we are looking -- we are evaluating the drug as a mono therapy. We will begin to see data in Alzheimer’s very late this year and certainly releases would probably be expected sometime within the first part of 2014, the schizophrenia's data likely coming a bit later within 2014.
Scott Brun: Jeff, I want to go ahead and take your question on ABT-199, our first-in-class BCL-2 inhibitor. So you’re right, we’re currently enrolling a large study in relapsed refractory CLL patients with the 17P deletion mutation, certainly a very hard to treat population. And if the results from this study looks similar to results in this population that we presented before with a overall response rate above 80%, complete response rate of 18%, we certainly think that there is the potential to be able to move forward with a filing on the basis of addressing an unmet medical need. Certainly, as Rick noted though, we’re also beginning a -- in collaboration with our partner a large Phase 3 traditional study that will compare 199 with Rituxan and a chemotherapy free regimen to a more standard chemo containing regimen.
Scott Brun: I will start with the 199 question. Scott Brun, again. So we already have some studies ongoing in non-CLL indications such as non-Hodgkin's lymphoma diffuse large B cell lymphoma and certainly you will be seeing some more of those data next year. And we continued to look at other opportunities within hematologic malignancies for things like potentially AML as well as looking at multiple myeloma, plus we are assessing the potential for the Bcl-2 mechanism, do have applicability in solid tumors. So all of that work, some of that is already ongoing and much to be initiated in the not-too-distant future.
Scott Brun: With regard to Elagolix, the opportunities, so certainly we are in Phase 3 in assessing patients with endometriosis, a very common condition affecting millions of women in the developed world. Certainly, the current treatment options available have limitations with regard to tolerability because of the very dense estrogens suppression, they result in you get menopausal-type symptoms like hot flash and bone loss and with Elagolix’s mechanism you get a more guided or partial suppression sof estrogen, which through Phase 2 studies we've seen reduced impact on symptoms such as hot flash or certainly bone loss. So we think that combination of the efficacy and tolerability profile will provide a very nice option for women when you consider you have the types of surgical alternatives such as hysterectomy which are quite extreme. We’re also in Phase II for uterine fibroids, a condition that can lead to very heavy marked bleeding as well as other symptomatology and again with regard to the type of estrogen suppression we’re seeing, we feel very confident in the ability to markedly impact that rate of bleeding and provide women an alternative to hysterectomy, which again represents the majority of surgical solutions for this condition. 
Scott Brun: Certainly from a commercial perspective, we’ve talked about the endometriosis indication being a potential greater than a $1 billion opportunity and certainly fibroids could be a significant opportunity as well as for us if you’re looking from a modeling perspective. 
Scott Brun: Tony, its Scott. With regard to our strategy on other genotypes, we are currently doing work with ABT-450 and ABT-267, which we do have activity beyond genotype 1, in genotypes 2, 3 as well as 4. So we’re currently in Phase II with those genotypes and we’ll continue to move forward, but it’s really our pan-genotypic ABT-493, ABT-530 combination that we think has the most balanced pan-genotypic activity. To your question, neither ABT-493 nor ABT-530 in the next generation requires return of your boosting. From what we’ve seen in ongoing clinical development there, pharmacologic profiles are both conducive to QD, once daily dosing without boosting.
Scott Brun: Thanks, Tony. And that concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today, go to AbbVie Investor Relations website at www.abbvieinvestor.com, or call 866-415-2341, passcode 102513. The audio replay will be available until midnight, Friday, November 8th. Thanks again for joining us today.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Thanks Jeff. Let me start with the HUMIRA sales breakdown. Scott will cover the 199 question and Bill can talk about capital allocation at the end with Rick, if necessary. In terms of our mix right now, it’s interesting that in U.S., RA is now in the high 30% range. It’s a little below 40% of our total U.S. sales. Gastro is about a quarter of our sales. Psoriasis right now is about 15% or so of sales and the remainder is kind of in the spondo area of psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis, those types of indications. It’s similar ex-US. I’d say RA is probably in the mid 30% of the ex-US franchise. Psoriasis again is down in that 14%, 15% range. SPA ex-U.S. is protein 30% and again gastro is probably about a quarter of our sales. So hopefully that gives you a pretty good feel of how the sales mix up today. So I would characterize it as a pretty diverse basket of sales across those four different categories.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. And this is Rick. I will take the HUMIRA payer dynamics. I think if you look at one of the strengths of HUMIRA, it has been the payors and governments around the world recognized the value of this product. And so I would say, we've been in the fortunate position that we have a very strong position in the standpoint of payors. In fact, in the U.S. managed care environment, the number is around 70% preferred status, meaning they have to go through HUMIRA first as your first anti-TNF. That dynamic hasn’t been changing it all. In fact, if anything I would say is probably improving a little bit over time but we don’t see any negative dynamics occurring in that area if that’s what you were looking at. Thanks.
Rick Gonzalez: Right. I’ll go ahead and I will start with 199. So with regard to additional combos, we are working with Roche. As you said first of all, looking at combinations with Rituxan as well as with GA101. With regard to ibrutinib and other new agents on the horizon, we are certainly interested in those types of combinations and we are talking about how best to pursue that with regard to the timing of availability of ibrutinib. Certainly with combinations like 199 in other agents or even a single agents, those are the potential that really changed the way CLL is treated, moving it from something that requires chronic therapy to a situation where you could have a well-tolerated combination that perhaps result in drug free remissions or even functional tumors.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. I think the key here and what we’re working towards is, if you get sufficient pain suppression in endometriosis and a strong safety profile where this can be used as a long term and more chronic kind of therapy, it's a very big opportunity and that is why we designed the trial the way we designed it where we have two doses that were running to Phase II to determine which one of those doses best fits that profile long-term.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, this is Rick. I’ll cover the questions so. If you look at the building out the infrastructures associated with HCV I’d say for the most part it's incremental. There is -- there are certainly areas around the world where we’ll have an opportunity to be able to add some synergies with our existing structures, but I’d say for the bulk of it, you’re going to -- you should be thinking about it as incremental build. And as I said we’re going through our planning process right now, we literally have not finalized again, probably won't finalize it for another month or so, but we’re going to make sure that we’re in a position to be highly effective in that area.  As you talk about HUMIRA spend, one of the things I’d say to you is, as we approach the beginning of this year one other things that we knew is that we were going to face some new competitive challenges and in anticipation of that, we did some things from an investment standpoint that we thought would put us in a position to be able to defend and still grow our share and I’d say if I look at the results nine or ten months into it, we’re pretty happy with the investment that we made there because it's given us back a pretty healthy return and it's really -- it has allowed us from a competitive standpoint to really deal with new competition in a very effective way.  As far as HCV is concerned, I think as Scott pointed out, a significant part of this is really built around the performance of the product, We’ve done a lot of market research. And when you look at prescribing preference of physicians, the first five, six attributes are all related to performance of the product, cure rates in different populations. And so as the competitive environment rose out and as we get to our second generation product, I think we will then take another incremental step in this particular disease treatment paradigm there will be difficult to beat. I think it's incredibly difficult to get performance that’s better than this or at least what we anticipate and then it will be all about how you built through infrastructure, how well establish it is, that will make it difficult. You look again at the (inaudible), think out difficult it is for a new competitor break into that market. And it’s because of both the performance of the product and the value that it provide and the established infrastructure that in place that has a lot of experience have been able to drive those products. And so, I think HCV will play out the same way and I don’t think there’s enough head room left that anybody can truly have a very differentiated product after second generation. So, that’s how we view it.
Rick Gonzalez: Sure. I want to go ahead and start around with the cystic fibrosis Galapagos collaboration. So, I mean, certainly, with regard to the genetic understanding of cystic fibrosis in the mutation that lead dysfunction in the ion channel, the cystic fibrosis transmembrane receptor lead to the symptomatology. We have seen introduction of a therapy like (inaudible) that can have marked impact on patients. But really is only applicable to small minority of patients. What we are exited about is, can we go ahead and take this even further by addressing patients with the much more common F-fiber weight nutrition. Really looking at combinations of two drugs, a so called the potentiator that helps the malfunctioning channel, ion channel to both proper way, as well as the corrector that helps to affect the defolding in the transport of the receptor to the cell surface. And so, we feel that Galapagos, it’s got some very, very interesting science and even though there is a timing element here, we won’t be entering clinical trials until late next year. We are using analogy of Hepatitis C, where certainly we did not begin in the lead but by leveraging certain scientific insights and taking full advantage of the ability to combine different mechanisms to get where we are now. So again I think, that’s really what excites us, the ability to make a remarkable impact on a very devastating disease and to follow on the science that -- that is already out for the minority of patients. With regard to, we’ll say, HUMIRA next generation, certainly we built a very, very strong foundation with HUMIRA and rheumatology, dermatology and gastroenterology. And the question is what can you do as a leader in these areas to improve upon what the anti-TNF HUMIRA specifically have been able to achieve. And so we are looking at the potential to improve efficacy, power ability, convenience across the whole patient journey within those various diseases. And we are approaching it strategically with the combination of both internal and external innovations, small molecules and biologics. So for example, we have a selective JAK1 platform. You’re certainly familiar with that, Tofacitinib which non-selective JAK. It’s consequence has limitations in its ability to dose to really get significant efficacy before you start running and decide effects. With our Galapagos collaboration, we’ve got a selective JAK1 inhibitor in currently dosing in Phase 2b in rheumatoid arthritis as well as Crohn's disease. And we feel that the ability to be able to dose these molecules higher without running in the JAK2-3 related side effects provides the potential for significant improvement in efficacy in these diseases. We also have our own internal JAK ABT-494 that’s recently entered Phase 2 studies and we think that with these two JAK mechanisms, we have the ability to have a portfolio of compounds that can address multiple disease states in -- again patients who have various stages of treatment experience. Moving on, we’ve got other external collaborations, other mechanisms like our Biotest work in Phase II with anti-CD4 mechanism. We’re very excited about the Ablynx deal that’s an Anti-IL-6R Nanobody. These Nanobodies, because of their size, have the potential for improve that tissue penetration, also the Ablynx Nanobody binds the serum albumin, which is present during information which will help the traffic to the tissues where you want it to go. So again, we think the potential for differentiation (inaudible) currently available IL-6 based therapies. And then certainly, we’re extremely excited about our Dual Variable Domain technology, DVDs which allows us really to buy specifically target two biologic mediators in disease. We’ve got ABT-122, which targets both TNF as well IL-17, which is -- have been shown probably significant role in various auto immune diseases. And so again the idea is, can we improve upon anti-TNFs with this molecule that’s currently in early development in Rheumatoid Arthritis patients, so really a wide portfolio of various approaches to build upon our current strength in auto-immune disease.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, maybe quickly on the RA market. RA market has penetration rates that is still under 30%, so there’s still clearly an opportunity to grow and we continue to see in most markets around the world that the RA market is continuing to grow. So it’s not growing as fast as some of the other markets like the GI market as an example, but it is continuing to grow.
Bill Chase: Jeff, it’s Bill Chase. We’ve been pretty consistent on our capital allocations story this year. First and foremost, this is a business that generates very, very healthy cash flow. The first thing we’re going to do with that cash flow is make sure that we reinvest in the business. You’ve seen some good progress on the deal front this year with a number of compounds announced. And certainly we continue to build out our infrastructure with capital expense that sort of thing. So that’s first and foremost. Second, the dividend is a very, very important piece of our investor identity. We have set the dividend in a very competitive payout ratio relative to our peers. And we've been pretty clear that we intend to grow that dividend over time probably more modestly in 2014, given some of the challenges with the lipid business but growing it nonetheless. And I think you can expect to see that payout ratio creep up as a result. After that, we like -- try to pay down a little bit of debt. We think that would be the right thing to do, given our balance sheet. And then above and beyond that, capital cash will build and that will be a valuable source of liquidity and flexibility for the company.
Bill Chase: We do have a buyback program, Jeff, but that is primarily geared to offset dilution of competition programs.
Bill Chase: Mark, its Bill Chase. As you acknowledge, we did have some tender activity in the third quarter and that did lift our international HUMIRA results a bit. The way you got to look at that, it does occur from time to time in certain markets. When it occurs, it’s generally about a 2% to 3% lift. That’s certainly what we saw in Q3 and what we’ll try to do and we have been doing is to be transparent, so let you know when that’s occurring to a way, to better understand both the quarter that’s occurring as well as the next.
