Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President. Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President Commercial Operations. Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie's business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our website. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and historical results for Allergan.  For this comparison of underlying performance, all historically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude the divestitures of ZENPEP and Bio case. References to operational growth further exclude the impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we'll take the first question.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Josh. And that concludes today's conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors. abbVie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rick Gonzalez: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance and outlook and then Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. AbbVie continues to perform very well. We once again delivered an outstanding quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.33, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.13. Total adjusted net revenues of more than $14.3 billion was up 10.8% on an operational basis, with balance growth across each of the major growth platforms. We continue to see double-digit revenue growth in immunology, where Skyrizi and Rinvoq have established very strong launch trajectories. These 2 assets are either approved, under regulatory review, or in late-stage development across all of Humira's major indications. And we remain confident that they will both be significant contributors to AbbVie 's long-term growth. Aesthetics is also demonstrating impressive double-digit operational sales growth. Our dedicated global aesthetics structure and increased investment are driving accelerated category growth across both toxins and fillers, where there is substantial room for additional market penetration. Our strategic investments and targeted field force expansions have improved overall our customer retention rates and significantly increased the number of first-time patients to our leading brands. We are once again raising our full-year guidance for aesthetics this quarter. And we view these portfolio as an extremely attractive growth opportunity over the long term with high single-digit compounded annual growth rates expected through the end of the decade. Our Neuroscience business drove robust double-digit revenue performance again this quarter. And we added a compelling new product to our migraine portfolio with the approval of Qulipta, a once-daily oral medication for the preventative treatment of episodic migraine. Our Hematological Oncology portfolio delivered operational sales growth of approximately 8% this quarter, despite a protracted market recovery in CLL, which remains below pre -COVID levels. Beyond the significant contributions of Imbruvica and Venclexta, we have an exciting oncology pipeline with several promising programs in development for blood cancers and solid tumors, to support sustainable long-term growth. These include Navitoclax for myelofibrosis, Epcoritamab for B-cell malignancies, ABBV383 for multiple myeloma, lemzoparlimab for AML and MDS, as well as Teliso -V for non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer.  Lastly, we continue to make excellent progress with the integration of Allergan. Our financial results show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse Company with numerous products across our newly combined portfolio, delivering robust growth. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our momentum and we are once again raising our full-year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $12.63 to $12.67, reflecting growth of nearly 20% at the midpoint. Additionally, as noted in our news release, today, we are announcing an 8.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, from a $1.30 per share to a $1.41 per share, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2022. Since our inception, we've grown our quarterly dividend by more than 250%. In summary, we're demonstrating strong execution across our portfolio. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified assets with significant growth potential giving us a high degree of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, Jeff.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Andrew, this is Rick. So I will cover the second one, the Alvotech one. I'm going to have Rob cover the first one.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, Andrew, this is Rick. I'll cover the Alvotech situation. As you know, we're in litigation with Alvotech. I think it's important to understand the nuances behind that litigation. In this first set of litigation, this first wave of litigation, we are basically applying 10 patents in HUMIRA. And as you know, we have a very robust patent portfolio around HUMIRA, but these 10 patents are both formulation patents and indication patents. Many of these patents were challenged through the IPR process and upheld by the patent office. I'll give you some idea of the strength of these patents. The first thing I'd say to you is, we have a high level of confidence that we will prevail in this litigation. There will be a second wave of litigation that occurs after that, which will bring into the portfolio the rest of the patents that we think Alvotech infringes. So there could be another phase of litigation that occurs after this one, but I can tell you we're highly confident that we will prevail in this first set of litigation based on the strength of those patents. To specifically answer your question, if they were to prevail, which I don't believe they will, then it would accelerate the other patent settlements. Yes, that is correct.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick. On Botox, I think one of the things when we first went through the integration process that was compelling to us was the amount of penetration in these markets and Allergan's ability to be able to reach out and touch consumers and activate those consumers. And that's part of what drove our decision globally to go with this fully integrated, totally dedicated Aesthetics organization.  Because in many other markets around the world, although the data is not quite as good as it is here in the U.S., but in China as an example you see is very similar kinds of dynamics. And so focusing that team purely on Aesthetics was part of the effort here to be able to drive accelerated growth. The second was, when we looked at the ability to be able to use various methods to be able to activate consumers. We believe that the business was being underfunded in a way, both in the way it was being funded and the total amount that was being funded. And so we did some early work to determine whether or not that funding could drive incremental market growth, and it showed a positive result. And then when we saw that, we applied significantly greater funding to it. And what you're actually seeing now, I think, is we are driving the market. We're bringing more patients into the category, and obviously because we have the leadership position from a market share standpoint, we get the vast majority of those patients. Is there still some pent-up demand? I would tell you it's hard to believe at this point that there can be a lot of it, but there has to be some of it. Remember those practices reopened in the U.S. in the summer of 2020. That's a long time to have pent-up demand, but it's impossible to tell one way or another. I would say the majority of it is certainly being driven by us activating patients and retaining more patients. One of the other things we saw was the retention rate was relatively low once you activated a patient. And so we spent some time working with the team to figure out how could you retain those patients at a higher rate, meaning they repeat their procedures. They don't just do it once and then disappear, but they come back for a second procedure or plus going to fillers as an example. So the data is very clear. If you look at the U.S. as an example, toxins and fillers are growing high 30% of the market. We're growing at about the same rate, maybe a little bit lower on fillers but about that rate on toxins. When we look at globally, the overall brands are growing at about that rate. And so, I think this is a business that is sustainable over the long term. When we say across the decade high single-digits, obviously, if we keep this growth rates. The business is getting bigger and bigger. So therefore, the percentage will come down a bit. But I'd tell you, I'm very optimistic about this market, and our ability to be able to bring new assets into this market. They can change the standard of care going forward and us being able to drive market growth at the same time. It's a very good business.
Rick Gonzalez: So this is Rick, Steve. On Soliton, as you know, we obviously announced the -- our intention to acquire the Company and submitted it for approval. We did receive a second request. Maybe just to frame a bit why we're interested in this area. We tend to look at this market where the third major leg of the stool in a stage is body contouring. And this is a good fit with CoolSculpting, and CoolTones. Obviously, CoolSculpting is focused more on reduction of fat in targeted areas, and CoolTones more focused on the area of enhancing muscle tone in specific areas.  This particular asset is designed to reduce cellulite. We don't have a position in cellulite now so there's not any kind of competitive overlap in that area. Having said that, we are responding to the FTC's inquiry. We believe that's going reasonably well, so we would expect this to be resolved at some point here in the future. I can't tell you a specific date, but I would expect it to have a positive outcome over a period of time here.
Rick Gonzalez: So Ronny, this is Rick. On Alvotech, obviously these agreements that we have with the other biosimilar players are confidential, I'm not going to delve into some of the specifics around those. What I can tell you is what I said before. I mean, we are highly confident in our position with this IP. This IP has been challenged multiple times and we have a high degree of confidence that we will prevail.  So I think it's obviously a hypothetical scenario, but I don't -- I wouldn't give it a lot of merit. Second on interchangeable HUMIRA s as we've discussed previously, when we built the erosion model that we described a couple of years ago, or certainly a year-and-a-half or so ago, we did assume at that point that they were going to be 2 interchangeable biosimilars. It does matter from a pricing standpoint to some extent. So I think it will have an impact but it's consistent with what we had assumed. And so we've essentially taken that into consideration in the forecast that we provided you, and the estimates that we provided you. On drug pricing in the U.S., I would say it's a very fluid situation. It's a little difficult to truly understand exactly where we are. You are correct, if you look at this framework that came out yesterday [Indiscernible] talked about repeal of the rebate rule being eliminated. And it didn't talk about much else. Look, the things that we're focused on and things that we think would make a difference on our out-of-pocket costs for patients, and making them lower for Medicare patients, making them something that they can spread over a period of time -- a 12-month period of time to make the cash flow easier to deal with. And as we've said before, we think industry will play a role in that as one of the participants. And we would hope that we will get back to that, because I think -- we think that is the most fundamental issue is reducing the out-of-pocket costs for these patients.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Mike. As you have heard from Rick, Jeff, and Mike, we once again delivered outstanding performance this quarter, while also advancing our strategic priorities. Our results demonstrate the strong momentum of the business, and support AbbVie's long-term financial outlook. Turning to third quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.33 up 17.7% compared to prior year, and $0.13 above our guidance midpoint. This includes $0.05 from accelerated synergies, and $0.03 from mark-to-market equity gains. Total adjusted net revenues were $14.3 billion, up 10.8% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.5% favorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 51.1% of sales, an improvement of 230 basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 83.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.4% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.6% of sales. Net interest expense was $585 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.6% as Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $12.63 and $12.67 reflecting growth of 19.8% at the midpoint.  Excluded from this guidance is $6.34 of known intangible amortization and specified items. This guidance continues to contemplate full-year revenue growth of 10.7% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we now expect foreign exchange at a 0.7% favorable impact on full-year comparable sales growth. This implies a full-year revenue forecast of approximately $56.2 billion. Included in this guidance are the following updated full-year assumptions. We now expect Aesthetics global revenue of approximately $5.1 billion. We now expect international HUMIRA sales of approximately $3.3 billion. For IMBRUVICA, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.5 billion, reflecting slower recovery of the CLL market. For Mavyret, we now expect global sales of approximately $1.7 billion. And we now expect Allergan expense synergies of approximately $1.8 billion. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $15 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.24 and $3.28, excluding approximately $1.14 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We generated $17 billion of free cash flow in the first 9 months of the year, and our cash balance at the end of September was $12 billion Underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook, today we announce an 8.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, beginning with the dividend payable in February 2022. And we remain on track to achieve $17 billion of cumulative debt paydown by the end of this year, with further deleveraging through 2023. This will bring our net leverage ratio to 2.3 times by the end of 2021, and approximately 2 times by the end of 2022. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding results and our financial outlook remains very strong. With that, I will turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: I would just add that obviously with the confidence we have and the dividend increase we announced today, we feel very strong about the long-term outlook. We haven't backed off on the high single-digit growth on 25 and beyond. You look at the portfolio we've assembled, you look at the assets we have today, you look at our pipeline, you look at the BD work we've been doing over the last couple of years, that was some nice licensing deals and we still feel very confident in the outlook for this business.
Rob Michael: We've seen movement in terms of consensus numbers since we've given just some direction on how to model it. I think right now, consensus in '23 sell-side consensus has about 41% erosion in the U.S. in '23. And we've said, think about it in terms of 45% based on what we saw in Europe in year 1, plus or minus 10% given the differences in the payer landscape in the U.S. versus other markets. So we have seen the Humira consensus move. Today, it's at 41%, so it's a lot closer than it was a year ago.
Rob Michael: Just as a reminder. I mean, so we gave that and we're using Europe as an analog, but keep in mind that the U.S. system is very, very different. This is why we gave you a range. And so as we get closer to '23, obviously we'll give more specific guidance on the U.S. But we are communicating as more directional information based on the experience we saw with Europe. Keep in mind there were 4 biosimilars that came in the market at that time, and there will be more biosimilars coming to the U.S. markets. So there's a different level of competitive intensity, but also it's a very different payer landscape. So it's something to keep in mind.
Michael Severino: Okay. Thanks, Chris. This is Mike. I will take the first one, and then Rick will take the second part of your question. With respect to RINVOQ in the 3 new indications. So psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. We remain very confident in those files, and we remain very confident in approval decisions. The gating factor here is really getting to the specifics of the language around RA, which is a process that is well underway. And we would expect to be in a position to gain approvals after that is completed. And again, we hope that's completed in the near future, certainly this year. The psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis filings, we would expect to follow fairly closely on the heels of that RA decision for ankylosing spondylitis. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we rolled in a new study, which is a positive study and a very strong study in ankylosing spondylitis into that submission. And so that one might be on a slightly different time-frame, but we remain very confident in that approval as well.
Michael Severino: Okay. This is Mike. I'll take the first part of your question, and then Jeff will take the second part of your of your question. With respect to Vraylar MDD, in the study that you described the 1.5 milligram dose medicine point and met it with a highly statistically significant P-value of 0.005, so 0005. And that's important in terms of strength of evidence overall and weight of evidence overall. And then as you point out, in the 3 milligram arm in that same study, we didn't hit significance, but we had a P-value that was very small.  The nominal P-value is 0.073, if we around. When you look at that overall study to RA clearly shows an effect in NDD. Now, the second Phase 3 study that we just read out did not reach statistical significance for either dose group, but there were favorable trends and across a number of comparisons, there were nominal p-values that were quite small and many of them were out lower than 0.05. And I'll just remind the listeners that it's very common in depression studies, even with classes of medicines that have firmly established efficacy to have some study that read out positive and some studies that are negative. And so we think that overall package that we announced today is very strong. And it's also important to keep in mind that we did have a prior study that was conducted several years ago that was also positive that demonstrated a statistically significant effect. And that study -- look at different dosing, there were dose ranges that were studied in that trial with titration.  It was the upper 2 of the dose ranges that was significant, but it did show both a clinically meaningful and significant benefit. So we have 2 positive studies and that's important because the way these studies are typically looked at is an overall weight of evidence, do you have a convincingly positive phase 3 study? And is there other evidence within the overall data package that is supportive and we feel comfortable that that is the case here.  And lastly, what I'd say is, if you look at the precedent, and you look at other approvals, findings like the ones that we described on not a long time, and, in fact, that's the very common amongst approved agents in this space, including some of the more recent approvals in adjunctive NDD like resulting. So overall we think it is a strong package that has a viable regulatory pathway. And we will stack up very nicely to competitors. So we're going to begin those regulatory discussions shortly. So without I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take the question regarding REGENX. We're very encouraged by the recent data. If we take a step back and look at the program overall, they have very strong efficacy data already demonstrated with sub-retinal delivery and that's in a lot of procedure. But it gives us clear proof-of-concept for the approach, and shows that we can get durable control. And that component of the program is already in Phase 3. And then the more recent data that were presented just about a month ago, several weeks ago, looked at suprachoroidal delivery. So that is a delivery method that can be done in-office. It's a specialized form of injection, but it is a form of injection. And that is also showing very good promise. We're already seeing signs of efficacy in the first cohort, which is the lowest dose cohort, which quite frankly is sooner than we expected to see them before that study had started to deliver results. And the tolerability is very good. If one looks at the inflammation that has reported in the [Indiscernible] trials, it's very different in its nature and its [Indiscernible] than that, that has been seen with other agents. It's principally anterior, chamber is exclusively anterior chamber, there's no vasculitis, no more significant inflammation.  It is readily treated with topical steroids, and generally resolves without any difficulty, and in fact, quite rapidly. And it's also important to remember that there's no prophylactic steroids being used here. Other approaches have required that. So these are patients who have no prophylaxis upfront in responding to what's often a brief course of topical steroids. And the reason why there's no prophylactic steroids, given as they're just not felt to be needed given the very mild nature of the inflammation that's being observed. So we're very confident with it. And again, we feel it's qualitatively very different than what has been seen in other agents. And we've obviously talked to retinal specialists as well who are quite familiar with the program, and the views we've heard from them are supportive of what I just described.
Michael Severino: Okay. This is Mike. I'll start And then Rick will take the question regarding Soliton. With respect to the tone of conversations with the FDA for RINVOQ, I would describe them as productive. With respect to your question specifically about the RA label, those discussions are productive as well. I would assume the base case is what they announced conceptually back in early September, but we are working through the specifics of how that translates into labeling language. And I would characterize the discussions around the other indications as being very productive and very positive as well. And so as I mentioned earlier in this call, we remain very confident in the files for those new indications for all three of them. With respect to Vraylar, head-to-head superiority studies are not typically done in this space. They are very challenging. It is challenging to show an impact even with established classes period in major depressive disorder and particularly in this space, because this is the adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder. So these are patients who aren't responding to the current therapies, and require an add-on and atypical antipsychotics with pharmacology similar to Vraylar, our one of the most commonly used agents in this space. So we think the very strong data that we have from the study that we described, and the fact that we have prior supportive evidence as well from the earlier study, will position it very well to be competitive in that marketplace.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. I'll take the Rinvoq question. So as you pointed out, yes, we are very confident in Rinvoq as a molecule overall. We've talked about the progress on the RA indication, and our confidence in the new indications, both those that are under review. And indications where we have data, but have not yet submitted like the IBD indications. And so we feel that it's going to be an important part of our portfolio, and the treatment armamentarium going forward. So having said that, immunology is always an area where we are scouring the landscape to look for the best opportunities.  So I wouldn't say it's changed our focus in any way or changed our approach, but we will continue to look for novel therapies that can raise the bar on the standard of care. Across a number of areas, the current indications where we are already playing and new indications that have fewer treatment options, areas like lupus and scleroderma. So the RINVOQ situation has not changed that strategy in anyway.
Michael Severino: I will take the RINVOQ question first and then make some comments on CF. What I would say about RINVOQ is our assumptions around the labeling at a base case are based on what the agency announced in their safety communication in September. That principally updates to the black box warnings that all of these agents have in fact all agents in immunology have some degree of this. They treat similar conditions to RINVOQ, for example, the TNS have some of the same but not all of the same warnings. Updating that section label is part of our base case and then the restriction that the agency described for certain patients around TNF inadequate response forms our base case. And those are the two factors that we're considering. We would not anticipate any limit into ration of therapy, for example. And the question those principally applies to the atopic dermatitis file, because we have just a single dose in the other files, in the files that are in the rheumatology space. And we feel confident about both doses in terms of the benefit risk that we've demonstrated in that atopic dermatitis program. It's really those two dimensions and how those translate into specific language in RA. And then of course, how they translate to the other indications, because TNFs are not the standard of care in all indications, they are not used in atopic dermatitis. So then it's how do those concepts get translated into the label in other indications. Those are the principal dimensions that we're looking at when we think about those programs. And again, we feel very confident in the files that we've put forward, and feel very good about how discussions have gone to date. With respect to CF and what we're looking for, we're looking for something that has demonstrated benefit compared to what's already out there, what will be out there at the time our agents come to market. Obviously the principal competitor, the only group with a marketed product right now in this space is Vertex so that's what we would be benchmark ourselves against.  I would say at an absolute minimum, you'd have to have efficacy that was just as good with other meaningful advantages. But what we're striving for is something that has an efficacy advantage of a small number of absolute FEV1 points. A small number of absolute FEV1 points might not sound like much, but it can translate into real benefit for patients in this disease.
Michael Severino: This is Mike. I'll take those 2 questions. So with respect to the ongoing reviews, what I would say is the discussions around the RA label update, and the new indications that are under our review are going on simultaneously. And there is some level of interdependence. In other words, we need to understand where the RA label will land, because some of those elements, like the warnings and precautions, will translate over to the other indications because in the U.S. you get 1 label for the molecule that applies across all of the indications. So there's some interdependency, that's why getting the RA label update resolved is a gating factor. Whether it could happen on the same day or in close succession, I think it's too early to call with that fine level of detail, but we would expect the psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis filings to follow in a very reasonable time-frame after that label update. As I mentioned, we're adding new data to the ankylosing spondylitis submission, which is the smallest of the three indications. And so that one might be on a slightly different time-frame as the agency reviews those new data. With respect to the SEC filings, the RA label update is not on critical path to file acceptance. What the agency looks at when they look at file acceptance is, have you provided sufficient data for them to evaluate the file, is it in an appropriate format that they can review, are there any significant deficiencies. And of course, we're very confident in the file that we've submitted, so we would not in any way anticipate any challenges there. And the RA safety label update is not a gating factor for that file acceptance.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. I'll take that question. With respect to the data for 951, we're very pleased with the data. There is very strong efficacy, and the safety is within our expectations, it matches our expectations across essentially all important areas. What's important to keep in mind is this agent delivers transformative benefit to patients who have extremely difficult to control Parkinson's disease through other measures, and to have a very, very difficult time controlling their disease. For example, with orals or with other approaches. And so the overall picture has to be looked at in that context. With respect to treatment discontinuations, what I would say is the treatment discontinuations, The rate of that overall is very similar to what you see with similar devices with insulin pump like devices used across a range of conditions. Most of these were driven by either local tolerability issues like injection site reactions, which were principally erythema or technical usability issues because these are older patient populations with limited mobility and dexterity in many cases, and there's always a subset of patients who find that they have difficulty using any device under those circumstances. Again, those rates of discontinuation are very similar to what you see with similar insulin pump-like devices. And keep in mind this is a very, very large population. This advanced Parkinson's population, only a very small proportion of which currently get advanced treatments because it's so limited in how that can be delivered. We think there's a big opportunity here and that treatment discontinuation rate doesn't change that and is in line with our expectations. With respect to hallucinations. We know that that is on mechanism. Or Levodopa and Carbidopa and it's essentially evidenced that we are delivering Levodopa and Carbidopa in a way that's more effective than can be done through other methods. And it's something that can be titrated and something that can be managed. And what I would point to is in the other direction. The oral group, the control group that got oral Levodopa and Carbidopa had more falls. And that to our eye shows a lower degree of control, which matches the clinical efficacy data, because we know falls are common in Parkinson's disease patients. So we need to keep that in mind. And with the efficacy that we've delivered, we think these are all very attractive profiles and ones that will translate into significant real-world use. When we look at how this will impact overall use, again and keep in mind that the very broad population, only a very small segment which can access the therapies that they need to control their disease. Therapies like DUOPA, which is transformative, that takes us surgical gastric tube actually threaded into the small bow to get deep brain stimulation and other types of measures. This is a much less invasive approach that delivers very strong efficacy and we think that will translate very, very effectively into the real world.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah, thank you, Mike. Look, it's a meaningful opportunity for sure. When we look at the market sizes, about 60 million total prescriptions for the adjunctive MDD market. And that's very similar to the bipolar market that we operate in now, so it's a very meaningful opportunity for us. If you think about the -- what Mike was saying in terms of the competitive profile, I think we have to remember that while it's got a fairly low share, the -- Vraylar is very attractive, which is why it's the fasting growing agent. So the efficacy is viewed very, very nicely overall, and I think that if approved, this also has competitive efficacy of very gentle metabolic profile, minimal weight gain, very tolerable, and also very simple dosing for the psychiatrists and the primary care doctors that look at this. So when you start to see the potential for an agent like Vraylar that's got the full spectrum across bipolar disease in terms of mania, mixed episodes and depression. And then the adjunctive depression indication, if approved, it will be very attractive. So we anticipate a nice catalyst here and certainly a nice add to Vraylar's overall profile.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Perfect. The second question you had was QULIPTA. And QULIPTA, its very early, we just introduced the product with our full commercial promotion. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have now as of this quarter, a dedicated migraine sales force which shows you how important we think that this franchise is and what we can do with this franchise. So we have an entire sales team out there that is launching QULIPTA and now also focused on UBRELVY. And the early feedback has been very strong. What we hear qualitatively from our field and certainly from our research in the first few weeks of launch is, first, the simplicity and strength of QULIPTA for prevention.  We see very, very nice response to our efficacy data, which is -- Mike has said before, and I've said before is on the very high end of preventative performance. So 60% of patients in our trials achieved greater than 50% reduction in migraine days, which is viewed as very significant. And almost 30% have a complete control. A 100% decrease in their migraine days. That's very compelling in terms of this Qulipta power. Also, physicians like the simple, everyday dosing, once a day.  And so things are quite strong in terms of our early qualitative feedback. So we do obviously anticipate that the majority of our prescriptions will be bridged prescriptions until are -- we get the full ramp of our market access, which as I mentioned, we're quite confident by the first half of the year, we should ramp similar to Ubrelvy, where ultimately, as you remember, we achieved about a 90% access in the U.S. So quite good early feedback on the launch, and again we think that the 3 assets together are unique competitive positioning for AbbVie.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah, I'll take the first one, thanks. So in terms of the source of business, we think that QULIPTA is going to source business from 2 primary areas. First is, the big headache specialists, the big neurologists. We think absolutely from our research and feedback that you'll start to see an early trade-off of the injectable MABS in favor of the orals and certainly in favor of QULIPTA. I think that this is viewed as very attractive. In many cases, some people have spontaneously highlighted wow it looks like a very strong MAB in a single oral pill. So that's a source of business in terms of market share trade-off. I think the other insight that we have from the market is that we are going to a -- calling on a substantial amount of high prescribing primary care physicians who don't write a lot of MABS, but they certainly write a lot of generic topiramate and some other older agents. And so we also see that we have a unique opportunity in a wider audience to source from physicians that really don't lean towards the MABS because of the injectable nature of those, etc. So we think we're going to have a good balance between those two sources of business and that's quite attractive for us right now.
Jeff Stewart: And Steve, it's Jeff. Just to build on Mike's point, if you think about the size of Vraylar now approaching $1.8 billion it has a 2.5 share in terms of the anti-psychotic market. It's a low share, high-value in growth area. When you think about most of our business is already stepped through in some cases one or two of the generics. The problem is that these patients are so fragile, they just don't respond well. We would still anticipate that with the new approval for MDD, you're still going to have step therapy and other approaches in the marketplace, but there is still a very nice commercial opportunity. That's just the way the markets work today.
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. I think if you look at the -- as I highlighted, that the market sizes are roughly the same. However, the competitive context is quite a bit different and the competitive set is a little bit different. So we view it again as an important incremental opportunity that even with low incremental share, that we can drive Vraylar to the -- that multibillion dollar guidance that we look at it. We do think it's an incremental catalyst, and an exciting approach if it were to be approved.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. So typically, when -- we start to negotiate with the payers in the spring of the year for the following year. And typically those contracts can be multiyear contracts, maybe 2-year contract. So really that's the season where we'll have as Rob and Rick said, we'll have probably some more guidance over how things are shaping up for '23 and possibly '24 depending on the posture of the payers and how those things work out. So we're not quite there yet. I think that what I can say is we're quite confident based on the timing that I described in terms of general cycles, in terms of where we're going to be for our portfolio certainly in '22. In terms of QULIPTA, look, we are off to a very good start.  I can tell you that UBRELVY continues to run a pace, that total oral CGRP market is upwards of maybe 18% of new prescriptions. And it's still early and that would be us and neurotech in the acute segment. And at a theoretical peak level, you could see maybe 30% or 40% based on cardiovascular issues with Triptan's or some other issues. But we still have clear -- clearly some runway to go. It's probably a little early to sort of determine how that preventative segment will really grow because you've only seen really the MABS so far.  They certainly tripled the market size. How will both of these orals and particularly in oral like QULIPTA in terms of the market development run a pace? It's encouraging for sure, particularly, if you have all 3 of these agents in the market and the investment behind it. Right now though we feel quite comfortable with the billion-dollar opportunity for both of the orals.
