Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I'll take the question on upa. So we submitted upa in late December of last year under a six plus two review clock. So we're pretty far along in the review process. We have said in the past and it continues to be true that we do not expect an Advisory Committee. We feel good about the performance of upa both from an efficacy and a benefit/risk perceptive across the program and we do not have any concerns about approvability.
Michael Severino: Okay. I'll take the question on upadacitinib. So we feel very good about the performance of upadacitinib across its program, not only from an efficacy perspective, but from a benefit/risk perspective. With respect to the agency's view, I can't speak for the agency, but that generally will differ across different components of the program. Obviously, there's been a lot of -- there's been a lot of focus on the DVT and PE issue with baricitinib. And then, we just saw this morning that the FDA has announced that they've updated the label for tofacitinib to include a box warning around similar events. What we've said consistently is our program hasn't demonstrated that risk. So if we were to pick up labeling language like that or warnings around this issue, that would have to come from a determination from the FDA that they're going to move from some form of class labeling. And I'm not in a position to speak for them about that, certainly not today. Our review is ongoing so we will update on our label when we have more information.
Michael Severino: So this is Mike. With respect to psoriasis in psoriatic arthritis there is a degree of overlap between those conditions but patients often present with more prominent skin disease or more prominent joint disease. So our strategy is to have a portfolio of options for those patients. Today we have SKYRIZI which has demonstrated outstanding efficacy on the skin disease. HUMIRA we still believe is a gold standard for patients who have primary joint involvement and prominent joint involvement. Going forward, we have Phase 3 programs both for SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis and for upadacitinib in psoriatic arthritis. So we think across that range of options we'll have the best treatment option for each of those individual patient profiles.
Rick Gonzalez: All right. Great. So I'm going to have Laura answer the first question and then Rob and I will cover the second one.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. So maybe let me talk first about the Senate proposal that is out. I'd say from the standpoint of -- as we've said in the past, we're obviously very supportive of anything that lowers patients' out-of-pocket costs. I mean I think one of the most significant challenges that we face in the U.S. is that the way the Part D design was built originally it didn't necessarily envision the level of specialized medicine it would develop over time, and the out-of-pocket cost for patients made many of those drugs unaffordable for the average senior. And so anything we can do to reduce that, I think is a positive for the industry and it's certainly a positive for patients and we think that's a big plus. The Senate bill will reduce out-of-pocket costs to some extent. I think the question is, is it enough? Can patients really afford the $3,100 of out-of-pocket cost, the average patient on Medicare? I think that's an important question to be debated. The second thing that I think is important to be debated is, it's still very front-end loaded for the patient, meaning in the first few months of the year, they have to come up with the $3,100. And that's difficult for many of these patients to be able to do from a cash flow standpoint, have the ability to be able to do that. So we would be looking to try to advocate for something that would spread that out across the year to make it more affordable on a monthly basis for these patients. And I think that's an important debate that should occur as we go forward. I would say, there are some aspects of the legislation that we believe are punitive, particularly the innovation-driven companies. And clearly, it does give benefit to some other companies that don't have specialty products that get into the catastrophic phase. And so, I don't know that that was the intent that companies should pay lower than what they pay today. I doubt that was the intent. But that is the nature of the way it’s structured today, and I think that's something that ought to be debated and discussed. But, it's a long road from here as you know. This will be debated and worked through. These kinds of legislations are complex and they take time, and there'll be likely extensive changes that occur to the draft legislation. But I think, the merit of going after things that reduce patient out-of-pockets, I think is a good thing. It's a bit premature at this point to start understanding or projecting what the impact would be on AbbVie's business. I think anything we can do to lower out-of-pocket costs will obviously drive some level of increased volume and that has to be taken into consideration, but there's a lot of things that will be worked on between now and the time anything ultimately gets implemented. And then, as far as the percentage of business, I'm going to have Rob cover that.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Jason, this is Rick. So on the first one, look, what we're describing to you is essentially our view, and I think our view is consistent with the language of the agreements of where the liability would fall. And just like any other company, I'm not going to speak for another company's liability. They should speak for it themselves, but what we're telling you is that it's not an AbbVie liability. I don't know how much clearer I can be than that. The second one is the -- on upa. Obviously, upa is a drug that was built around the same kind of premise that we looked at SKYRIZI. We were looking for an asset that could outperform HUMIRA that could demonstrate superiority to HUMIRA. It's obviously an oral delivery, which is an advantage from a patient standpoint. And it's demonstrated outstanding efficacy in clinical performance. So we would expect it to be able to -- whether it can replicate exactly what SKYRIZI is doing or not, we will certainly put it in a position to be able to do that. And I don't think there's another more confident organization to be able to launch a product like upadacitinib or SKYRIZI than we are. And so, I think clearly, we will be able to drive this asset to achieve its maximum level of performance. And I can tell you that obviously we're very excited about SKYRIZI and how it's performing and it's certainly meeting or beating our expectations, which is a good thing. And I think I'm equally excited about upadacitinib, when I looked at the clinical performance of that asset and the attributes of that asset. So we like to get it on the market and go out there and launch the product and get it into the marketplace as quickly as possible.
Rick Gonzalez: Sure, Tim. This is Rick. I'll cover both of those. So first on the share price, I think it's important to put in perspective, all of the larger transactions that have been done over the course of the last several years. So, Bristol-Celgene, Takeda, Shire and others, I've had a similar reaction out of the blocks down -- I'd say the data I looked at prior to our announcement was down in the range of 10% to 16% at announcement. I would say as we went out following the announcement you saw that the stock rose about 3% per day on that Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and while we were on the road. And that I think is a good indication as to, when you sit down and you get in front of investors. And you walk them through the strategic logic. And what this does for us longer term. I think most investors that we met with, walked away with a positive impression. There are mechanical aspects of this, of how arms come in and short the acquirer. And we're obviously seeing our short volume go up significantly which is putting pressure on the stock. So, I don't think the stock's performing differently than what we would expect. And I don't know that it's a specific indication to just the perception of the transaction. When we'll know what the perception of the transaction is, is when we close it. And the shorts move out of the stock and then the stock will trade on its merits. And I would be -- I'm encouraged that I think the stock will trade on its merits quite well. This is a company that has performed extremely well over the last five or six years. And this strategically puts us in a position, where regardless of what happens with HUMIRA in 2023. We can continue to perform at a very high level. And that was the intention. And as I said in my formal comments, the reason we've been so successful is that we run the business in a way to make sure that when there are issues or risks around the business that we take proactive actions to be able to deal with those. And that's what investors would expect us to do and that's what we do. And this is an example where it will protect the company and the shareholders from a range of outcomes around HUMIRA when we see the LOE in 2023 in the U.S. and that's the way to run the business. And so, I'm excited about the Allergan transaction. I think it's a great set of assets. I think it's a very good organization, from an execution standpoint. And I think it will add to our business in a positive way. And give us additional growth platforms that will allow us to continue to grow the company. As it relates to ORILISSA, our long-term guidance on ORILISSA remains the same. As we indicated to all of you when we started this -- this is an example of a drug where you have to go out and build the market. Endometriosis hasn't had a new therapy in a decade or maybe even more than a decade. And so, you have to create the awareness. You have to create the confidence in a new therapy. And you have to get patients to be aware of it, and then to be activated to go to their physician and get treatment. So, we're continuing to look at our launch strategy and make modifications where we think they are appropriate to accelerate the ramp. And one of the things that we're looking at right now is if you look at the profile of the drug, the profile of the drug is excellent. There's -- it fits exactly the objectives that we need in a drug in this class. The physician uptake has been good. We're getting good trial out of the physician base and getting pretty broad coverage out of the physician base. The third component for a drug like this is you have to -- as I said, you have to create awareness for patients. And you have to activate those patients to go into their physicians' office and talk about treatment of their condition. And, I'd say, we're getting good awareness. In fact I'd say the awareness is slightly higher than what we would have projected. Where we're not getting enough activation, because these women are essentially -- they go to their physicians typically once a year or less on average. So we want them to basically make a special visit, to ultimately come in and start to talk about their condition and what the appropriate treatment is for that condition. We're not seeing a lot of activation or -- at the level that we would expect of their routine visit schedule. And so we are looking at some modifications to our current promotional strategy to try to increase that activation and that will obviously allow the ramp to increase. And that's the area of focus that we have today. So, you constantly modify your strategy to make sure that you're dealing with the elements that could enhance it. And that's what we're doing.
Rick Gonzalez: And the only thing I'd add is you have to look at the data that's coming out today. I said the bulk of the volume that's coming to SKYRIZI today 77% of it is coming from other biologics. And I can tell you a significant portion of that is the IL-17s. And just think about it from this perspective between SKYRIZI now and HUMIRA we really should capture almost 50% of all in-play patients. So I think that gives you some idea of the kind of impact that it's having and the competitiveness of SKYRIZI versus those alternatives that are available whether they're 17s or other 23s or TNFs.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. And then on the HUMIRA erosion curve -- we're obviously not in a position where we're going to talk to you what that erosion curve looks like this far out because obviously things can change along the way. And when we get closer to the point that we can give you a predictable erosion curve, we will obviously supply that to the market. But we want to do it, when we have a high level of confidence that we can give you a number that is accurate. Having said that, as we've gone out and talk to investors, what we've described to them is, we have a base case erosion curve that we have built. We have -- we update that erosion curve at least once a year, but sometimes more often than that based on -- as we see circumstances play out. We have updated the erosion curve based on the experience that we've seen in the international markets. And I'd say specifically, we've updated the speed at which the curve drops in 2023 because the experience in the international markets is that it's not and has not been a stair step over a number of years. It has come down to basically where a year or three would've been and it's pretty much flattened out. And we are seeing the market outside the U.S. in most countries around the world, reach a point where the competitive dynamics are clearly well within the expectations that we've built in our plan and are somewhat stabilizing I would say. So we've updated the U.S. erosion curve to look more like that international curve in the shape of that curve. And then, we obviously do downside scenarios where we look at okay what scenarios could come together in a way that would create a higher level of erosion? And that's based on a number of competitor’s, interchangeability, changes to the U.S. health care system and we do a number of different modeling assumptions around that to determine what a downside case might look like. If you look at the Allergan transaction, I think the beauty of the Allergan transaction is it guards against the full range of those options. So, if we ended up on a downside scenario, the Allergan transaction allows us to totally buffer that impact. If we end up on the base case, then obviously AbbVie is in a much better position. And so there really isn't a downside scenario that I can come up with that the Allergan transaction doesn't make AbbVie stronger as we go through the LOE. And that was the premise of the transaction and I think everything that we know about it today, only reinforces that that is the appropriate way to be able to manage the business over the long term.
Rick Gonzalez: So David, this is Rick. I guess the first thing I'd say is we don't leverage HUMIRA with our payers. We obviously have a portfolio -- or will have a portfolio of assets that we believe provides payers with the greatest flexibility to cover the largest number of patients and that's a benefit for those payers to be able to have assets that give them the greatest level of coverage for -- from a clinical standpoint for those patients. And as far as what the rebates are, we obviously don't publicly disclose what those rebates are for competitive reasons. But what I would tell you is -- I mean I've heard this rumbling out there about somehow trying to leverage HUMIRA for SKYRIZI as an example. And I'd just point to this quarter as an example all right? HUMIRA grew 7.7%. It had 0.5 point of positive price, all right? So at the end of the day, obviously we didn't leverage HUMIRA to a great extent to get a position for SKYRIZI. There are benefits that we would provide to payers, who allowed both products to go on formulary and -- but there isn't a big leverage component here that the market seems to be perceiving or you wouldn't have positive price. So, I think that answers two and three.
