Carrie Strom: Thank you, Jeff. Second quarter global aesthetics sales were approximately $1.4 billion up 2.9% on an operational basis with strong performance from our international portfolio offsetting the economic impact in the U.S. U.S. aesthetic sales were $829 million, down 6.2%. Our U.S. portfolio continues to perform well from a competitive perspective. And as expected, the aesthetics markets continued to be impacted by lower consumer spending related to inflationary pressures, which weighed on year-over-year growth rates. U.S. Botox cosmetic sales were $420 million, a decline of 6.5% versus the prior year. While the U.S. cosmetic toxin market declined low single digits in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis, growth rates improved through the quarter, with June showing a return to positive year-over-year market growth.  Botox Cosmetic continues to be the clear market leader, maintaining strong and stable share despite new competitive entrants. U.S. Juvederm sales were $125 million, down 14.5% on a year-over-year basis as we continue to see a more pronounced impact from inflationary dynamics on higher-priced, more deferrable procedures such as Filler. The U.S. Filler market declined approximately 20% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis due to the persistent inflationary environment. Our Juvederm collection remains market leader and share was stable in the quarter. The economic metrics that we track for the U.S. have largely stabilized. Our consumer market research shows a meaningful recovery from last summer and those intending to get treated with toxins and fillers.  Additionally, we have now lapped the beginning of the market downturn, which occurred in the second quarter of last year. Based on these factors, we expect growth rates for the U.S. facial injectables to improve in the second half of this year. Our international aesthetics portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well with strong results in many key markets. Second quarter sales were $555 million, reflecting operational growth of nearly 20%. The International Botox cosmetic sales of $265 million increased approximately 14% on an operational basis and International Juvederm sales were $243 million, up approximately 28% on an operational basis. Growth in the Asia Pacific region, particularly robust as aesthetic treatment rates in China have fully recovered to pre-COVID levels.  We continue to anticipate strong normalized growth through the remainder of the year in China. We are very pleased with the strong performance of our international aesthetics portfolio over the first half of the year and continue to expect similarly strong results in the second half. In the third quarter, we will be facing a challenging year-over-year comparison due to a shipment timing benefit we saw in the third quarter of 2022. This is expected to result in relatively flat growth for our international portfolio in the third quarter. On a full year basis, we expect our international aesthetics sales to grow high single digits. We continue to invest to drive future growth for our aesthetics portfolio with a focus on enhanced promotional activities, improve digital products and services through our Alle platform, sales force expansion, and injector training.  We continue to invest in our pipeline as well, and we remain committed to a regular cadence of new product introductions and indication expansions for Botox cosmetic and Juvederm. We recently announced the FDA approval of SkinVive, the first hyaluronic acid filler in the U.S. for improved skin smoothness of the cheeks, which, along with the recently launched Volux filler for jawline contouring, will help sustain our leadership position in the U.S. filler market. Our investments will allow us to maintain a strong leadership position in the highly underpenetrated and rapidly growing global aesthetics markets.  We remain very confident in the long-term outlook for our aesthetics portfolio and continue to expect to deliver greater than $9 billion in 2029. In the near term, the improving aesthetics outlook in the U.S. and continued robust international performance gives us confidence to once again raise our full year aesthetics guidance with an expectation for continued operational growth over the back half of the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
Carrie Strom: Thanks, Rick. So in terms of DAXI, it's been more than six months since their launch and the uptake has been quite limited from our perspective in the low single digits. So for context, as we benchmark our competitive launches. And you would benchmark this launch versus the most recent toxin to enter the U.S. market you would see it's tracking to about 25% of where another product would be at the same point in its launch. And in terms of customer feedback, we continue to hear that expectations are just not being met on duration, that expectations on the customer side and on the consumer side.  So we have yet to see impact on Botox share and Botox will continue to be the clear market leader as the other toxins compete for the number 2, 3, 4 position in our customers' offices. We are very pleased with the team's ability to execute on these competitive strategies here. And actually, their clear focus not only on the competitive strategies, but also on the broader focus and vision to grow the entire toxin market in the U.S., which we continue to see as biggest opportunity now and in the future. 
Carrie Strom: Sure. In terms of the aesthetics market internationally, like we said, we've been very pleased with the performance so far, and we expect to -- we continue to expect to see that type of strong performance through the rest of the year. We're continuing to invest in key growth markets like Japan and in markets like Brazil. And of course, China has become our second biggest market globally. And in China, in the first quarter, we did see significant growth as the market was reopening from COVID and some pent-up demand that came through in Q1 and early Q2. And now China has returned to normalized high growth rates. And so despite some economic pressures there, we really continue to see strong growth as we continue to invest and expand our promotional footprint there through field force, through injector training and our consumer efforts. And China will continue to be a really attractive market for us. Based on that commercial expansion and also, we're going to have a steady flow of new product launches throughout the decade in that market. One thing to note, which we did mention in our prepared remarks is that we do expect Q3 to be relatively flat internationally based on shipment timing from last year with that return to growth in Q4 and high single-digit growth for the full year internationally. 
Carrie Strom: Sure. So, in terms of the filler opportunity and outlook, I guess, as that big -- I'll start -- I'll zoom out a little bit and just comment on that the filler market continues to be really attractive, especially internationally, as you've already seen here right now. with China driving some strong growth. And really some of the key Juvederm brand have just become available in China in the past few years, and we'll continue to have, like I said, a cadence of Juvederm launches in China. And then our increased investment all over the world and continues to drive our filler business and gives us a lot of optimism there internationally. Now in the U.S., we have said that the inflationary dynamics have impacted the U.S. market for filler and more than toxin just by the nature of the filler pricing and procedure. And also in terms of the patient journey patients tend to start on toxin before they add filler. And so, for all those reasons, we believe that the top -- the filler market will continue to improve in the second half of the year. although it will lag the toxin market recovery a bit. Now in terms of the question around Ozempic, we have been keeping an eye on that and how these weight loss products could have an impact on the aesthetics market. And what we see is that really anything that gets a consumer engaged in their appearance, including products like Ozempic are a positive tailwind for the aesthetics business. And we are hearing some customers say that these facial hollowing fillers or for -- that's a result of these products is an opportunity for fillers. We see that on social media. We're tracking it in other forms of media. And we think that like many other consumer trends around aesthetics, this will just continue to be a tailwind and the positive dynamic of the business. 
Rob Michael: I'd just add that we've now collectively raised revenue guidance by $1.4 billion, as Rick mentioned, we raised $400 million in the first quarter, $1 billion this quarter. When you look at it, it's really across the key therapeutic areas that will drive long-term growth. We've raised Skyrizi, aesthetics, neuroscience, and also Humira. So we do feel very good about the performance of the business. We've debated when we update the floor that will come at some point may not come until we actually give the Q4 guidance -- on the Q4 call of 2024 guidance, but as we look at it, the fundamentals of the business are very, very strong, and we're seeing performance across all of the therapeutic areas. 
Rob Michael: When IRA was passed a year ago, we obviously modeled the impact and we reaffirmed the long-term guidance expectation of high single-digit growth in the second half of this decade. That remains. We looked at what it means in terms of inflation penalties, party benefit redesign, negotiations. So we did make assumptions around that. I think Rick is correct in that there is still enough uncertainty we're going to know soon, right? September one is when they expect to announce the first list. We have modeled it, but we feel good even with IRA although it does have an impact -- has impacted everyone in the industry, we can still deliver on our long-term growth expectations. On your question -- and I think keep in mind, too, when you look at the Medicare percent of business for AbbVie. In the U.S., it's about 20%. Globally, it's a little bit lower, obviously. And so you look at us relative to our peers, we have a lower percent of the business as exposed to Medicare. And then when we look at specific at Rinvoq, you have to keep in mind with Rinvoq with indication expansion, the percent of sales you're talking about by the time it potentially be selected for negotiation, potentially in the later part of the decade, you're talking about something where like 10% to 12% because if you keep in mind, new indications, in many cases, serve younger patient population. And so that's the way we're looking at Rinvoq continuing to develop it. We obviously have a number of indications that could launch later in the decade. We feel very good about that. Those indications can collectively contribute a couple of billion dollars of revenue. We'll continue to drive that robust growth we expect from Rinvoq and Skyrizi as well. And so, we've modeled the impact of IRA, we don't expect it to impact the development plans for Rinvoq. 
Rob Michael: Chris, this is Rob. Just to give you some color, both in terms of the '23 guidance and the erosion assumptions around that, and then I'll talk about '24 briefly as well. In the first half of the year, obviously, the vast majority of that erosion came from price. We saw very little volume impact. But now with eight biosimilars on the market and some pursuing a low act strategy, we have assumed high single-digit volume erosion in the second half of the year, which would put the full year volume impact at mid-single digits. The rest of the 35% comes from prices we've negotiated those higher rebates and maintain strong parity access. Now while we're not providing '24 guidance today for U.S. Humira, it is reasonable to assume that there will be additional price erosion. Some will come from the annualization of the rebates that increased in the second half of this year and some will come from rebate increases negotiated for 2024 parity access. I'd also expect more volume erosion in '24, given the midyear entry of biosimilars this year, especially those that are pursuing a low act strategy. We've taken a close look at consensus estimates, analyst estimates have a very wide range the difference between the lowest estimate and the highest estimate approach is $4 billion. However, I'd say the average of those estimates appears to be a reasonable expectation for next year. Obviously, we'll give formal guidance likely on the Q4 call, which is our customary practice. But if you look at the average of those estimates, it should give you a good sense.
Rob Michael: Yes. And then I'll take -- this is Rob on to your question on Skyrizi. So of the $200 million, it's split evenly between psoriatic $100 million and IBD a $100 million. So that $7.6 billion psoriatics, about $6.7 million, and IBD is around $900 million. Thanks Chris.
Rob Michael: And Steve, this is Rob. On your second question. I think it's a combination of both. We're seeing very strong performance from the ex-Humira growth platform, as you can see by the guidance raise, that's really a contributor. But now that we're beyond the middle of the year. We know the biosimilars that have entered the market, we know they're facing prices. We've maintained strong parity access. And so that also increased our confidence which is why we've narrowed the range to $0.20. But it's a combination of both the ex-Humira growth platform performing very strongly as well as where we sit today with biosimilar competition for Humira. 
Rob Michael: And then, Carter, you were specifically asking about international Botox. I think if you just look at the run rate through the six months of the year, that's probably a good proxy for where we expect international Botox to land. We're holding strong share positions. Force is very, very good. So there's really no dynamic there. As Carrie mentioned, I mean you have to keep in mind that fillers a very large market for us, business for us internationally. We do have the Q3 dynamic. But when you look at the full year for international, that high single-digit growth, is certainly a way to think about the international business for aesthetics. 
Rob Michael: And Tim, on your second question, I mean we've said this before, the high single-digit price impact this year is a function, again, as Jeff mentioned, seven new indications. We do not expect that type of price erosion going forward. It should not be what investors are modeling. So I wouldn't be concerned about high single-digit price erosion in '24. 
Rob Michael: So Jeff, this is Rob. I'll answer your question on International Humira. If you look at the '23 erosions, about $600 million it's really split in, I'd say, three buckets. About $300 million of it is new biosimilar markets, markets like Canada, Puerto Rico, Mexico. Those are -- remember, we have additional waves coming in. So that's the next wave coming in so about half of it is that. And then I characterize about $200 million being really the impact of new agents like Skyrizi and Rinvoq, right? So you have agents that deliver higher standard of care, and so you're going to see share erosion just through that dynamic. And fortunately, we've brought forward our own products that do that. And so I'd say of that $600 million, $200 million is roughly that. And then in the international markets, you typically see some, I'd say, low to mid-single-digit price erosion, just typically year-over-year. So that's about another $100 million. So it's important to characterize it the right way. It's not so much markets that were biosimilar several years ago. It's more recent biosimilar markets, our own competition from our own agents as well as the typical price erosion you see in the international market. 
Jeff Stewart: Yeah. Hi, Chris. It's Jeff. And I'll answer your first question. So in a nutshell, we haven't been surprised at any of the dynamics that we've seen play out, we've called it very, very accurately. So again, nothing that's really other than some small volume holding on a little bit better that's really different. So we're quite pleased with how our contracting and access has played out. And that parity access for Humira has been important. And again, it's what we believe would happen. We think it's good for patients, obviously, who can maintain their therapy with very little volatility, and it certainly provided us with a lot of predictability. And so I think we've managed sort of the first half with the Amgen launch and then the second half dynamics very, very well. And if you look to '24, as I've highlighted before, we do have 2-year agreements with some of our accounts. And we negotiated those in good faith, and we expect them to be honored. And remember, these are parity contracts for both '23 and '24 with Humira access coexisting with these multiple biosimilars. So I would say based on these dynamics, we're confident that Humira access will remain quite meaningful in 2024. And we know that as more biosimilars become established, we're also, as we've highlighted, appropriately planning for some volume loss in those certain so-called wax-sensitive accounts over time. So really no surprises in terms of what we've seen overall. So we're quite pleased. 
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Evan, it's Jeff. I'll take that one. One of the aspects that we have that I highlight and we look very carefully at, we look at both sort of in-play capture which I often refer to, for example, right now, the in-play capture for Skyrizi in psoriasis is about 50%. So we're capturing one out of every two patients. And our market share is about 32%, as I highlighted. So theoretically, as we study these markets that if there's not major innovation or major disruption that comes in place. And we really don't see that in psoriasis. You get such a high level of efficacy with Skyrizi, your market share, so the 32% starts to ramp up over time towards your in-play capture because you get the persistency effects and the fall off that take place in the market.  So really, when you look at that, I could say the same thing, for example, with Rinvoq. I mentioned that it's capturing 25% of second line plus in-play share. It has like a 3% market share. So in terms of the ability to sort of grow that market share over time, we really monitor that capture rate in the early years, and then you just sort of -- the in place sort of pulls up your market share over time. So that's why we're quite encouraged at the speed of the ramps that we're seeing there and the ability to move that market share.  Now when we study the models, you don't fully get there because typically, something else launches, time goes by. But we can feel very, very encouraged as we look at our in-play momentum that the market share starts to approach that over our long-range planning cycle. 
Jeff Stewart: Yeah, hi Steve, it's Jeff. No, we don't see any slowdown in the IBD market. I mean this market has been just one of the highest growth markets we've seen from a CAGR perspective over many, many years. There's such unmet need. And so no, we're not seeing any patient slowdown. I would say, look, if we look at our particular data, I mean, you're seeing very fast ramps on this in-place share from Skyrizi and Crohn's disease. Now you're seeing an equally fast ramp in the early weeks from Rinvoq and Crohn's disease. And again, we're capturing up to 25% of the second line plus patients in ulcerative colitis. So I don't know what data Takeda is looking at, but we're seeing that the competitors in that space. And the leading competitors are Stelara and Entyvio and of course, our own Humira, but it's Stelara and Entyvio, they're under pressure in terms of incremental patient capture since our launch, and we'll continue to monitor. But we don't see any patient flow issues in the marketplace. 
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Maybe just to build on that point, Rick. I mean this fact base of seven indications in one year in one category with one firm, it's just -- it's really unprecedented. It's not going to happen again. And I think it's important to think about how it works. I mean, when you get a new indication and they're sequencing over time, you've got to clear the payer's P&T clinical committee, and they don't meet every day. They meet every couple of months. So there's a process there. And then you've got to be added to the formulary structure. So you either have to somehow gain a new spot by indication or replace a competitor. And that's not easy as well. And so that's why what we see in the marketplace. Many competitive firms have to offer these free or bridge programs and not just for a quarter or 2, sometimes there are multiple quarters or years until that access ramps. And I would say, in contrast, Rick, as you noted, on average, we achieved fully paid access for those seven indications in about 60 days, really, really unprecedented. So that means we had to give very little free goods we had almost immediate paid access and profit flow and then, of course, that rapid revenue accumulation that you highlighted. So definitely the right trade-off, and we don't see that recurring. 
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. This is Rick. So as far as the $10.70, I would tell you that we feel highly confident in the $10.70. So there shouldn't be any concern there. And as I said, with how the growth platform is performing, we would expect to update at some point the floor. And obviously, by the way I'm saying it, the update would be in an upward direction. So hopefully, that gives some clarity around the floor.  And when you think about the pipeline, what I tell you about the way we operate is we design our investment in R&D to be able to deliver the kind of growth that we expect for the business over the long term, both short term and the long term. Our expectations of the business haven't changed. Our expectations are to build a strategy that allows this business to grow at the top tier and be able to do it over the long term and do it in a consistent way. And I'd say, as I look at our historical performance, we've obviously delivered on that. But as I look at forward-looking performance through the end of this decade and into the early part of the ‘30s, we're highly confident we can deliver high single-digit growth with the pipeline that we have now, and ultimately, with the assets that we have in the marketplace and how they're performing in the marketplace and their ability to be able to drive significant growth. And you see that in the performance that we're delivering now. If you look at the growth platform's growth in first quarter, and then look at it in the second quarter, it's accelerating at a very good pace, and it will continue to accelerate as we go through the rest of this year. And that once we get to a stable tail or relatively stable tail on Humira will be that growth that emerges to be able to drive the company, and that's what gives us such a high level of confidence. But I think when you look at our pipeline, certainly, we invested significantly in Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and that investment is paying off extremely well. We have a number of assets in our pipeline that will continue to help accelerate that growth as we move forward. So venetoclax for t114 and MDS are in samples of that. 951, we should do any submission and get that product on the marketplace. There’s a huge need for that product in the marketplace. And a number of other assets, I won't go through every one of them. The rest of our investment in R&D has really been focusing on assets that are designed to be able to sustain our growth from 2030 - ‘40 forward. And so as I look at our pipeline, and I know you don't have as much visibility as we do, but when I look at our pipeline for things like the 400 platform and the cement platform that we have, the data we're seeing in CRC, non-small cell, that's a significant opportunity for us [indiscernible] is another significant opportunity for us. Our neuroscience portfolio is 916 and other assets is another significant opportunity for us that will emerge in that time frame. We have a next-generation BTK degrader that we're excited about. We have a second-generation BCL-2 that we're very interested in pursuing in multiple myeloma. And so there's a number of assets here that just haven't emerged to the point that you have clear visibility on all that data, but we do have visibility to where they're progressing. And so I think it's just hard for you to assess that earlier pipeline, but it's really designed to deliver on that long-term growth. So we're confident between now and the early ‘30s. And as that pipeline matures and the data comes out, three is another good example of where we have a lot of data now that is demonstrating that is probably best in class for a bispecific in myeloma. And so as that data emerges, you're going to get more visibility to it. And then obviously, we have the ability to go out and acquire things and we find things that we're interested in. 
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. So M&A, I mean, obviously, we have a very active group who's constantly working in the area of business development. We're primarily focused in the areas that we operate in franchises. So think of things like immunology, neuroscience, certain areas of neuroscience, oncology, aesthetics, as an example, we constantly look at and then eye care would be, I would say, the key areas of focus.  As I said before, we don't need anything to be able to drive that high single digits. Obviously, if we can grow even faster, that's a good thing. I think all of us recognize that. If we find assets that are out there that are later-stage assets, and they fit our strategy and they fit the kind of target product profile that we would expect because we only look for assets that can significantly change standard of care. That's what we're good at. And so we evaluate lots of things, but many of them don't meet that threshold that we're looking for. But if we find something, we would obviously pursue it. If it was in an area that we thought we could maximize the value of it. And so, we'll continue to do that.  So like I said, I feel good about where we are and what we can drive, and I feel good about how we're looking at assets that are in the outside. We certainly have the financial wherewithal to be able to acquire assets that are out there. And as we've mentioned before, we obviously acquire larger assets. And so we continue to look at those. But they have to meet our criteria and they have to be able to deliver a good return to the business. On DAXI, I feel very good about how the team -- Harry and the team are performing against that. But I'll let Carrie actually describe to you how it looks. 
Rick Gonzalez: The only other thing I would add, this is Rick, is with Otezla head-to-head. I would say currently, Skyrizi is not competing much against Otezla, which is a pretty sizable opportunity. And we're very pleased with this head-to-head data. So that will open up another pool of patients that today Skyrizi doesn't necessarily compete against. So that data will obviously allow us to be able to position it quite effectively against Otezla. 
