Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Laura Schumacher, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President of Global Allergan Aesthetics; Scott Reents, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Neil Gallagher, Vice President and Chief Medical Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, I’ll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we’ll take the first question.
Liz Shea: Thanks, David. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Tom. AbbVie’s second quarter results demonstrate the strength of our diversified portfolio. Momentum from new products and recently launched indications allows us to maintain our earnings outlook despite market dynamics for Imbruvica, higher inflation and the stronger U.S. dollar. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.37, reflecting growth of 11.2% compared to prior year and $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. These results include a $0.14 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $14.6 billion, up 6.1% on an operational basis, excluding a 1.6% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 51% of sales, an improvement of 220 basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 84.7% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.8% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.8% of sales. Net interest expense was $532 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 13.4%. Turning to our financial outlook. We are confirming our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance between $13.78 and $13.98. This earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond the second quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $58.9 billion, reflecting growth of 6.5% on an operational basis. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.7% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Included in this guidance are the following updated assumptions. We now expect Skyrizi global sales of approximately $4.8 billion, an increase of $400 million due to strong market share performance. For Imbruvica, we now expect global revenue of approximately $4.7 billion, given the lack of recovery in the CLL market and increasing competition. Moving to the P&L, we now expect adjusted gross margin of 84.7% of sales and continue to forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of 51.8% of sales. Turning to the third quarter. We anticipate net revenues of approximately $14.8 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 2.1% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.55 and $3.59. This guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in the quarter. In closing, we delivered strong performance again this quarter, including meaningful contributions from new products and recently launched indications. Given the momentum of our business as well as our pipeline advancements, we are well positioned for the long term. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: And Gary, this is Rob. Just on the guidance. So, if you recall, earlier in the year, we got asked the question, I said PSA for Skyrizi was going to contribute about $200 million this year. It’s probably closer to $400 million now with the guidance range, given the very nice uptick we’ve seen in PSA. But part of that guidance raise is also the strong share performance in psoriasis. So, it includes both. In terms of Crohn’s, that hasn’t changed. We’ve set approximately $100 million this year as we ramp access for Crohn’s. But obviously, the long-term potential for it is tremendous, and we’re very excited about that.
Rob Michael: And Chris, this is Rob. As Jeff said, I mean, we expect this to be market expanding. At the JPMorgan conference earlier this year, we did give peak revenue guidance for 951 greater than $1 billion. Obviously, DUOPA is $0.5 billion now. If you’re modeling it, obviously, there’ll be some level of cannibalization, I’d say, minor level of cannibalization on Duodopa. But when you think about the combination between 951 and Duodopa, obviously, it’s going to grow the revenue for the Company and expand the market.
Rob Michael: So Tim, this is Rob. On your first question, what we’ve said -- we’ve talked about this 45% with a range around that plus or minus 10% and using, obviously, the Europe analog as an example. And in that case, with the steep erosion year one and ‘23, you would expect then the trough to be in ‘23 and return to growth in ‘24. As this plays out, we’ll see how that shakes out. Ultimately, if more of it happens in ‘24, you obviously have another year of growth for all your growth brands. And so, you have a different floor in that scenario. But most importantly, it’s what happens in ‘25 and beyond. When you look at this company with the growth drivers we have, we’ll be delivering high-single-digit growth in ‘25 and beyond, which is industry-leading. We’ll have the lowest LOE exposure in the industry in the second half of this decade. And so, we’re focused on the long term, we feel very good about the prospects of this business. But as it stands now, the most recent direction we’ve given is expect that first year erosion, so that 45% plus or minus 10%, which then play out to a return to growth in ‘24. We’ll obviously update the market as we see it play out next year.
Rob Michael: Jeff, this is Rob. I’ll take your first question. So, the way we’ve talked about Humira erosion, it’s played out in Europe as we saw that steep erosion in year one, more moderate erosion years beyond. In our modeling now, that’s probably the best way to think about it is deep erosion year one, more moderate. You’ll have an annualization impact in year two, but more moderate beyond that. And specifically within the Wave 1 countries, when we look at Europe, and the level of revenue we have this year relative to pre-LOE, we still have about 30% of the revenue footprint. So, it gives you a sense of where Europe is after four years. Obviously, as we model the U.S. out, and it will be more specific in the future, but right now, we’re using Europe as an analog.
Rob Michael: Chris, this is Rob. I’ll take that question. So look, we’re very encouraged by Skyrizi’s continued strong performance. We remain confident in our ability to achieve or exceed that 2025 guidance. Now, keep in mind, I mean, the Street also reflects that too. Street is about $400 million higher than that $7.5 billion. That said, we don’t intend on frequently updating that guidance. Obviously, we’ll provide that guidance update every few years or if there’s an event or there’s a major disconnect. So obviously, if the Street was way off, we want to point that out. But overall, we’re very encouraged about the uptake for Skyrizi. It’s clearly demonstrating its ability to drive long-term growth for AbbVie, and we’ll provide an update for long-term guidance at the appropriate time.
Tom Hudson: Thank you. Andrew, I’ll try to break down the question in different parts because you’re right, there are many TGF-beta assets. This one is unique, GARP. Most of the TGF-beta assets work either antibodies against receptors to be active for TGF-beta or TGF-beta itself that’s in circulation on cells. But GARP blocks the inactive form of TGF-beta before it’s released from TGF-beta. And we believe that actually is a differentiated mechanism, also allows that specificity to what’s happening in TGF-beta in the tumor as opposed to other systems in the body. At the beginning of this, we thought -- we had already had people that published that they are very good TGF-beta signatures that exist. And I can tell you that GARP signature follows tracks with TGF-beta signatures. And that’s often seen in all solid tumors as susceptive tumors that express these pathways. It’s a very common immunosuppressive mechanism. That’s why people and us are interested in it. We learned -- initially, from data, we kind of suspected that people who actually had a nice hot tumors but were not responding to PD-1, often had, at least from published work -- actually had a higher TGF-beta signature. So, we thought that was a reason to mechanism why these patients with hot tumors were not responding. And a lot of our initial clinical strategy there was actually to go after hot tumors where PD-1s had relapsed or refractory. And we thought we could augment the PD-1 checkpoint response by doing this combination. We did not see monotherapy activity, but in combination, we did. And that’s why our first data sets and expansions like I’ve just discussed in urothelial cancer, this project started earlier, we’re seeing data that’s suggesting that this is correct that you need to reflect both the pathway of TGF-beta and PD-1, to get a response. And those, again, in multiple tumor types we’re seeing these responses and we’re moving forward. At the same time, to bring it to colon, we could also see the same signatures of TGF-beta and GARP in cold tumors, but we weren’t sure that since they’re not IO responsive, whether we’d get a response, we would get a clinical response. So, we did start some investigations. And yes, we did see some responses in cold tumors. They happen over time, sometimes they appear, the tumors are stable for 3 months, maybe 6 months, and then you see these responses appear. They’re very durable, 1 year, 2 year, very unusual. These are patients with advanced disease that have very poor prognosis in Phase 1 studies. So, we saw some, I would say -- we sometimes say in academic column exceptional responders. And so, we decided to expand. So, those data sets are newer, are happening right now. I probably will have the data at the end of this year. But yes, we’ve seen responses to this combination. And to answer your question, so the signatures we’re looking at are not the CMS or kind of histology-based signatures on the tumor. It’s more signatures of the inflammatory response that we can measure in the tumor, and it has to do with both, inflammatory T cells, which are there for the killing, but also the inhibitory TGF-beta signatures. And of course, we’re going to continue to investigate this. I don’t have all the answers for you today, but it certainly has been exciting to see how this program has evolved.
Tom Hudson: Maybe I’ll take this one. This is Tom Hudson. I’m a clinical immunologist, and I know how we’ve been using steroids, they can give very profound and deep immunosuppression, decrease inflammation, and that’s often used in severe cases when patient shows up. So, we know that the response is very strong, but there are a lot of side effects. And, when our problem is always weaning, the steroid’s out in the clinic. So here, again, the combination of immunomodulator like TNF and steroid have that potential of giving us that deep, deep response very quickly to remove the immunosuppression. And based on the data we’ve seen preclinically in our Phase 1 studies, we’re not seeing those biomarkers or side effects in the bone or brain, a cortisol or others. So we’ve already demonstrated that, and we have nice data. The other -- so that’s my enthusiasm. We expect to see deep responses, durable responses with much well better tolerated than steroids. Our program -- and we’ve shown this also is that we’ve actually believed in the platform and we’re developing steroid ADCs for other targets to target other immune systems -- other immune cells, more specifically around some T cells or some B cells or some fibroblasts. These programs are coming forward. We think this is a profound platform in immunology to go after different biologies -- in very targeted steroid suppression of different specific immune cell types, and that’s going to play out over the next couple of years. So, based on the data we saw, we expanded the platform to other biomarkers getting into other specific immune cell types. Of course, we’re quiet because we need to see the data, all -- the study has been fully recruited, actually moved faster than we expected. And the day was randomized. We’re just going to see the data in the fall because it’s a blinded study. But the enthusiasm is there. And we’re also, of course, seeing that data, and then we have PMR because we also started studies there in Crohn’s disease. We’ll see that data later, but the more data we have, the more likely we’re going to expand this program to other indications where we believe that deep steroid suppression with TNF might actually bring new solutions for patients.
Tom Hudson: Yes. So, if we look at the discussions that we’ve highlighted and Rick highlighted, I think and they’re progressing as we would expect. So typically, they start in the late spring. And look, these are complex negotiations. They go on for many, many months. In many years, we would have completed the -- at least the large PBM negotiations, which is the vast majority of the volume by that October time frame. In some cases, as you probably know, the payers would publish this information. But very often, not always, the immunology an inflammatory segment, those negotiations can go on longer, and they’re very often published as a TBD in what used to be called the exclusionary formulary. So, we would -- as Rick mentioned, we would have visibility to sort of the status on the volume in that October time frame. That’s a reasonable assumption. Again, I don’t know for sure, given the complexity of biosimilar negotiation, which has never taken place before. But that’s a reasonable way to think about when we’d start to have the visibility to the volume component, as Rick highlighted.
Jeff Stewart: No, I think that’s -- Rick, that’s a very reasonable way to look at it in terms of how these negotiations are going and how we see ‘23 playing out. I mean, the real big ones in terms of how we look at it is the two big scenarios are you are likely coexisting with one or more biosimilars or if the negotiations don’t go the way that we anticipate that were excluded in favor of biosimilars. And that’s basically where price and volume -- in terms of refining our model, for ‘23. That’s the work that we’re doing over the summer and then into the fall.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thank you. It’s Jeff. Thanks for the question. So, your instinct and observation is right. The big dynamic change for Skyrizi here, largely what you’re seeing is from the psoriatic arthritis indication. And obviously saw very, very large sequential moves. And let me give you some sense of what we’re looking at. So, we’re seeing that we’re putting more and more basically headroom into the overall share position, first in psoriatic disease, so that’s psoriasis plus PSA. So, we’re at 26% in terms of total TRx share and moving very, very nicely up. So, that’s being driven by this PSA acceleration. So first, remember that the PSA indication, we were the -- really the last large product that didn’t have that indication. So first, what happens is it starts to interact very positively in the dermatology segment. So, as I mentioned, about 30% of patients both have skin and joint involvement. And so we actually had a lower despite the fact that we had the leading psoriasis share, we had a lower psoriasis share because we weren’t covered with the joints with that indication. So, you see an immediate, very rapid acceleration of our overall derm business that I highlighted. Secondly, strategically important to the performance is that we’re able to launch the PSA indication for Skyrizi in rheumatology. So, it starts to work together with the Rinvoq PSA indication, and the rheum segment is 3 times as large as the derm segment. So, it’s a very, very good dynamic in terms of our momentum in two large segments, even before we get to Crohn’s. Now, I would say that as we’ve talked about before, I mean, Skyrizi is a very special product, very unique dosing, very stable, incredible efficacy. And so, we are encouraged on the early results of Crohn’s. It’s too early to start to see numbers or et cetera. But all of that is playing into the raise that Rob talked about.
Jeff Stewart: And maybe I can also then chime in on the second question. Certainly, that is a -- the new assets are a very important part of our growth story for hem/onc. Certainly, as I mentioned, we’re still continuing to ramp around the world with CLL. We have more and more impressive data, particularly in the unfit frontline population. We have five years of data in the fit population for frontline for Venclexta. We’re encouraged with the myeloma data, which is very unique in terms of biomarker driven approach for the (11;14). Navitoclax would be really one of the first new entrants for myelofibrosis, where there’s really only been rocks in terms of that market. Epcoritamab, increasingly encouraging data in terms of the simple subcu, very rapid ways to get this medication in later lines and then building into frontline. So we are very, very encouraged while we see some pressure on Imbruvica, the new indications in base for Venclexta helps to offset that. And then we start to build with those near-term hem assets and super encouraged in terms of what we’re seeing in terms of the probability that we can get there.
Jeff Stewart: In terms of your second question, again, it’s Jeff. Thanks for that. We’re -- we don’t see some significant pressures on Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Now, we always have discussions with the payers, we look at our contracting strategy. But I think we fall back on our clinical evidence that we have on these two major assets. I mean, we have four head-to-head trials against other major competitors with Skyrizi, where we have just really growth superiority versus whether it’s an IL-17, whether it’s Humira, which one day will be biosimilar, STELARA, et cetera. So just the pure performance there and the momentum, it’s clearly a distinguished asset. We’re going to be first in terms of Crohn’s to start to establish that new area and build the market there. And I think on Rinvoq to some degree, there’s only one other JAK inhibitor that is not going to have the scope of indications and it’s Xeljanz. And Xeljanz has been significantly wounded based on the oral surveillance data. So, in terms of our ability to build and protect and grow Skyrizi and Rinvoq into the next stage of development, we’re quite confident that we have the assets to be able to do that.
Jeff Stewart: Okay. And to address your 951 -- hi, it’s Jeff. Thanks for the question. So, I think some perspective is globally, DUOPA is about $0.5 billion brand. And certainly, we’ve said that we believe that 951 could certainly double that up or more. I’ll give you the perspective of why we think that way. So, if you look at the advanced Parkinson’s patients, about 85% sort of cycle when they stay on these generic orals that become less and less and less effective. And the only thing they can really do, and that’s about 15% of the market, the advanced Parkinson market, is they can move to either deep brain stimulation or DUOPA. But you got to go through a surgical barrier. So, the families and the patients are forced to think if I need to get improvement in my symptoms and my quality of life, I’m forced to basically think about do I get a hole in my head or a hole in my stomach with a gastric surgery. This is going to be a subcu. And so, we see in our market research that at least 40% to 60% of people never want to move towards DBS or DUOPA. So, we think this is a way where we can start to expand and create a new market segment, in essence, a subcutaneous segment where you don’t have to take that risk on the surgery. And like you mentioned in the movement disorder centers, there’s a significant amount of experts that are excited about this new option, and we believe that it’s going to be a real innovation for patients without having the surgery.
Jeff Stewart: And regarding Rinvoq in terms of perceptions from the field or what we’re seeing. It’s largely developing as we predicted. So, we do see segments of physicians that are more wary of the JAKs after the label change. However, we anticipated that. So, we are starting to see a recovery in second line plus in RA as we anticipated. And the new indications because really we’ll be the only JAK inhibitor with the four big indications of RA, PSA, AS and then non-radiographic ultimately in the fall. That just builds upon the confidence level of the physician. So, that’s what we’re feeling from the field. I’ll mention maybe some color on ulcerative colitis. I mentioned that we’re encouraged on the ulcerative colitis start. So, we saw in the quarter because we launched in early April. We saw 600 unique gastroenterologists start to write prescriptions, which is quite interesting and good, a positive. And about half of those customers had never written a JAK inhibitor. So, Xeljanz was approved. And so, we’re seeing, obviously, the ability of these customers to understand the overall risk benefit of Rinvoq relative to, let’s say, another JAK inhibitor. So I feel that our communication is on track, and we’re seeing positive feedback as we build the indications that we’ve highlighted in the call.
Jeff Stewart: Maybe I could just build on that. Chris, it’s Jeff. So, we’ve started to talk to different types of physicians, whether they’re in the CAR-T centers or certainly the community centers. We’re increasingly believing that this lymphoma is treated in the community centers. And so, what we hear, at least at a high level from our research so far is wow, that efficacy is incredibly impressive, even after CAR-T. But where they go is this simple subcu of epcoritamab may be the fastest way to deliver T cells to my patients I’m dealing with. So to build on Neil’s point, that data doesn’t look like it’s niching the drug. In fact, it looks like it’s sort of contributing to the idea of like this is a democratized type of medication for the lymphoma. So, it’s very encouraging from our initial work that we’re doing with physicians.
