Liz Shea: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Laura Schumacher, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary.  Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about these risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today’s conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our website. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and historical results for Allergan. For this comparison of underlying performance, all historically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie’s revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude the divestitures of Zenpep and Viokace. References to operational growth further exclude the impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Rick.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Rob. We will now open the call for questions. In the interest of hearing from as many analysts as possible over the remainder of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we’ll take the first question.
Liz Shea: Thanks, Matthew. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us.
Rob Michael: Thank you, Mike. AbbVie once again delivered outstanding performance while also advancing our strategic priorities. The strong results across our portfolio continue to support AbbVie’s long-term growth outlook. Starting with fourth quarter results. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.31, up 13.4% compared to prior year and $0.05 above our guidance midpoint. Total adjusted net revenues were $14.9 billion, up 7.5% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.1% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. The adjusted operating margin ratio was 49.3% of sales, an improvement of 240 basis points versus the prior year. This includes adjusted gross margin of 83.6% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 12.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 22.2% of sales. Net interest expense was $571 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 12.5%. Shifting to 2022, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is between $14 and $14.20, reflecting growth of 11% at the midpoint. Excluded from this guidance is $4.74 of known intangible amortization and specified items. We expect adjusted net revenue of approximately $60 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 0.8% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. This revenue forecast comprehends the following approximate assumptions for our key products and therapeutic areas. We expect Immunology Global sales to grow double digits, including U.S. Humira growth of 8%, International Humira revenue of $2.6 billion at current exchange rates, Skyrizi Global sales of $4.4 billion and Rinvoq Global sales of $2.7 billion. In hematologic oncology, we expect Venclexta global sales of $2.3 billion and Imbruvica global revenue of $5.4 billion. The Imbruvica forecast assumes market recovery in CLL, offset by share erosion from increased competition. For aesthetics, we expect global sales of $5.9 billion, including $2.6 billion for Botox Cosmetic and $1.7 billion from Juvederm. For neuroscience, we expect global revenue of $6.9 billion, including Botox Therapeutic sales of $2.7 billion, Vraylar sales of $2.2 billion, Ubrelvy sales of $800 million and Qulipta sales of $200 million with commercial access increasing rapidly in the first half of the year. For eye care, we expect global sales of $2.9 billion, including $700 million from Restasis, which assumes no generic competition in the first half of 2022. Lastly, we expect Mavyret global revenue of $1.7 billion. Looking at the P&L for 2022, we are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin of approximately 84% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately $6.8 billion and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately $12.7 billion. This guidance includes approximately $2.5 billion in expense synergies from the Allergan acquisition. We are forecasting the adjusted operating margin ratio to expand by 120 basis points to approximately 51.5% of sales. We expect adjusted net interest expense approaching $2.2 billion, our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 12.7% and our share count to be roughly flat to 2021. Turning to the first quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $13.5 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.3% unfavorable impact on sales growth. This revenue forecast comprehends the following approximate assumptions for our key therapeutic areas: Immunology sales of $6.2 billion, HemOnc revenue of $1.7 billion, aesthetic sales of $1.3 billion, neuroscience revenue of $1.5 billion and eye care sales of $900 million. We are forecasting an adjusted operating margin ratio of approximately 51% of sales, and we model a non-GAAP tax rate of 12.4%. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.10 and $3.14, excluding approximately $1.22 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, AbbVie’s strong business performance and outlook continue to support our capital allocation priorities. We expect to generate adjusted free cash flow of approximately $24 billion in 2022, which is net of roughly $1 billion in Skyrizi royalty payments. This cash flow will fully support a strong and growing dividend, which we have increased by more than 250% since inception; continued debt repayment, where we expect to pay down just above $12 billion of debt in 2022 and estimate a net leverage ratio of 1.8 times by the end of the year. Our strong cash flow also allows for continued business development, with approximately $2 billion allocated annually to augment our pipeline with the most promising external technologies and innovative therapies. In closing, we are very pleased to AbbVie’s strong results in 2021. And we expect to deliver robust performance in 2022 and over the long term. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Liz.
Rob Michael: Thanks, Jeff. Chris, this is Rob. So of the Rinvoq guidance of $2.7 billion, the AD and spine indications will each contribute a couple of hundred million dollars, while UC will contribute around $100 million. And to keep in mind in terms of sequential growth, keep in mind, in the U.S., you tend to see from Q4 to Q1, it’s a sequential decline. So that’s just a seasonal dynamic that we see across the business. So you would see sequential growth resume in Q2 and beyond.
Rob Michael: Sure, Ronny, this is Rob. So when you look at our adjustments to specified intangible amortization, I’d say intangible amortization is like 70% of it and this is on the $4.74 guidance that we’ve given this year. And that will continue. Obviously, those things fall off over a number of years. But I would say that’s probably a level that I would assume would be present for the next several years. Another big component is kind of the contingent consideration given that we’re -- that’s purchase accounting, and we record that accretion as such, that will certainly fluctuate over time. But I’d say those are the two biggest components of the guide this year. And certainly, integration costs are starting to wind down, so you would expect to see those come down. But it is going down from last year. And so you would expect it potentially trend down. But overall, I think you can model this level going forward.
Rob Michael: I mean, I think it’s a good point and that we are fully investing to support the long-term growth. If you think about we’re launching AD, that’s a new area for us. Qulipta and Vuity, we’re also going to fully invest there. Aesthetics, we’ve seen that the strength of the investment in aesthetics in the way we’ve been able to grow the market. So that’s really important. At the same time, we’re expanding operating margin. We’re exceeding our expectations for synergies. And so, you’re seeing us deliver another year of operating margin expansion. So, I’d say, we’re top tier in operating margin, very healthy P&L profile. And then, the other thing that you probably have to factor in here is that we’ve assumed half year Restasis as well. We don’t really have visibility to the generic until we make an assumption every time we update guidance six months out. So that’s something that if you look at year-over-year that you should figure into your comparisons. But overall, we’re very pleased with delivering double-digit growth in earnings and seeing another year of very strong operating margin expansion while fully investing to support the growth of the business.
Rob Michael: Yes, Geoff. So obviously, when we go through our long-range plan, we consider the various dynamics of the pricing environment. So, we factor that into our 2025 guidance. I would not say that there’s really been an assumption change for duration of therapy. But we did -- we certainly took into account the impact of label on RA, AD and SpA, but then that was offset by the stronger performance at OUS as well as the stronger IBD data that we saw for Rinvoq and just the overall performance of Skyrizi in psoriasis. It was all factored into that updated guidance, but we did not make an assumption change for duration of therapy, and we certainly factor in various pricing assumptions as we go through our long-range plan.
Rob Michael: Josh, this is Rob. I’ll take your first question. So, we did actually record in Q2 of last year, additional accretion for higher sales forecast for Skyrizi, and that was really tied to both our long-range plan as well as because it’s a fair value measure. You have to take external forecast into account. And obviously, Street numbers had moved up as well. We came out with publicly with the updated guidance in December, but we already contemplated that in our contingent consideration accretion in Q2 of last year. So, that’s already accounted for.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thanks. Hi. It’s Jeff. I’ll give you some sense on what’s happening with RA. So, the RA market after the drug safety and label is progressing as we anticipated. So, I’ll give you some sense, and I’ll refer to sort of in-play share because you have to be a little bit careful in the December, January time frame with overall volumes in the market. But right before the Drug Safety Communication, we had about a 16% in-place share in RA, which was just right behind Humira. So very, very strong. If we look at where that’s trended over the fourth quarter, it’s dropped about 20%. Okay? So, it’s about 14 reported in October, just over 13 in November, very consistent with what we thought would happen. So, about a 20% shift in new-to-brand starts over that time period. And what we see from the market is it’s exactly as we would expect, very, very stable, no change really in second-line plus and doctors start to suppress their starts in first-line consistent with the label. So, what we’re going to see is that as basically the promotion kicks back in here after December in the first quarter, we’re going to see that type of stability, which we can see is very, very clear from our overall share in our weeklies and start to progress as we shift and pivot towards that second-line plus. So, the market is responding very similar to our expectations that we’ve been talking about in terms of overall RA. Obviously, PsA is going to help build upon that RA dynamic and then ultimately, later in the year, the big axial approvals as well. So, everything is progressing as we thought it would progress from a market perspective. In terms of atopic dermatitis, listen, I said in my prepared remarks, we’re very pleased with the label. We have those stringent endpoints of the EASI 90, the high skin clearance, very powerful itch reduction are reflected in our label. We obviously have both doses approved. The market, I can tell you, has been very pleasantly surprised about the adolescent indication, which is -- it’s very important. So, that’s basically -- we’re going to start to see that ramp. It won’t -- we don’t think it’s going to be slow. And to your point, in terms of our ability to start to capture patients, it’s happening already. We obviously haven’t reported any of the TRxs yet, but we can see it in the market. And typically, it’s falling into a couple of areas. First, dupi failures, not a surprise, and there’s a reasonably significant number of people after 4 or 5 years that just have failed and exited the market. They’re going to come back in. We have reports from our research and our teams over partial responders to dupi that just aren’t doing well, in particular with the itch. We see some early starts there. And then, of course, challenging patients in general, we are seeing starts there as well with those higher levels of skin involvement. So the market seems to be progressing as we expected. It’s not surprising that as we look at the development of the second-line market, we’re going to see initially most of the starts in the dupi partial responders or the nonresponders, which is a fairly significant population. Also, as I mentioned, that we will start to see our access ramp fairly quickly here over the first part of the year. So, we’re encouraged. Maybe I can turn it over to Rob to give a sense over the relative magnitude of the sales.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi, Andrew, it’s Jeff. So, thanks. And you’re right that we still have the continuing lingering effect with COVID, and Rob addressed that in his comments. So, we still see the market versus ‘19 levels down about 10% and even marginally down from 2020 in Q4. So we anticipate that that will moderate go forward. And then we’re left to manage the competitive impact. So, we are seeing competitive BTKs have some impact on Imbruvica, but we’re also seeing the competitive impact from our own Venclexta. So we have to start to think about looking at the combination of the AbbVie position, which is still very, very strong. To give you some sense in second-line, we have 45% share of the market, and it’s even higher in third-line, and it’s in the 30s for frontline. So, we have to continue, which is our strategy to highlight where we have a lot of distinction, which is the strength of our data across every comparator in CLL, the overall survival benefit, and then also bring the strength of our overall portfolio. So, that’s how we plan to mitigate it. As Rob mentioned, we see market recovery offset by some share pressure on Imbruvica, mitigated by positive Ven impact. So, that’s how we see the market develop as we go into 2022. We also are seeing some pricing pressure in some select segments that are also contributing to the share loss for Imbruvica. And obviously, we -- as much as we can, we keep the pricing discipline in the market moving forward. So, I hope that context helps.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Hi Vamil, it’s Jeff. So, just to answer your question on Ubrelvy in the overall market. Certainly, we’re very pleased, as I mentioned in my remarks, over the momentum on Ubrelvy. We continue to lead in that acute space. And the early results for Qulipta are also very strong. Now, a lot of it is going to depend on how that CGRP market develops. So, if you think about it in this way, and this is how we think about it is, is it’s about in terms of new patient capture for the total Ubrelvy market, where we also compete with another player from Biohaven. It’s about 18% to 19% of the market. And the market is also with the expanded triptan market, of course. So, if you look at that, the payers certainly like you to step through one or more triptans. When you look at the population that may not be eligible for a triptan or fails a triptan, the estimates are typically up to 30% to 35%. And so, the market has potential room to sort of double into that epidemiology. So, you can kind of run the numbers there. I mean, we often get the question, is it over $1 billion? Is it closer to $1 billion or is it closer to a higher number. But nonetheless, we’re pleased. Certainly, it’s exceeded our expectations so far, and Qulipta has as well. So, I think there’s more room for the market to run, but we’ll have to see. I mean, there are payer pressures in the market, as I mentioned, in terms of the step-through therapy.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Thanks Gary for you question on Qulipta. It’s an important new indication if we see -- when we see the data and it were to be approved. And I’ll give you some perspective. Obviously, we’ve talked about how much we really like our portfolio of migraine. You got Botox on chronic with the injectors. Obviously, you have Qulipta right now in episodic and of course, Ubrelvy in acute. So, the Qulipta chronic gives us quite a bit of flexibility, and it’s a nice catalyst. Even though episodic is a bigger market in terms of patients, obviously, chronic patients do consume a lot of medication. Largely, if you think about the market structure, you’ve got injectors, meaning they inject Botox or you have non-injectors. So, to bring in the first oral that -- for people that don’t choose to have a Botox-injectable practice, that’s quite attractive. And we think it builds in our story over the strength of Qulipta first-in-class designed specifically for these indications. So, it’s a very nice catalyst if it were to be approved. And so, we’re anxiously looking forward to that. The other thing I would note, which is further off and it’s obviously something that would have to play out through the studies in Mike’s organization, was chronic migraine is so difficult that the potential for patients to have combination treatment. So, in other words, a Botox Therapeutic plus a simple oral drug like Qulipta could bring this concept to that segment of the market called migraine freedom where you’re really trying to get the headaches down to as low as possible. And so, again, it’s further off, but it shows you the flexibility that we have as we continue to build out Qulipta across our migraine portfolio. So, we’re pretty excited about the potential for CM.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. Just to add to that, that’s exactly right, is the -- it’s so logical and there’s so much unmet need, to Mike’s point, in chronic migraine with half a month, sometimes these migraines last for days. And so there’s a lot of desperation. And when the thought leaders and the headache specialists see the impact of Botox and how simple Qulipta is and how strong that is, they go right there. So I think we are encouraged, as Mike mentioned, to sort of see the outcome of those studies for migraine freedom. It would -- if it works, it would be a real advance for patients.
Jeff Stewart: Yes. And what we see is that there is excitement about Vuity. I mean it’s different than the -- obviously, the market is basically over-the-counter or prescription high glasses or readers, right? So, this is the first ever product that basically is a drop or a reading drop, right? So, when we start to break down the data and you take a really, really big market, tens and tens of millions of patients with presbyopia. But we also largely see from the clinical study, it really works the best for moderate to severe younger people, not older people. So, as we basically make the cuts, it’s still a substantial market size, but it’s not as large as you might think if you just look at all the presbyopes that are better in the United States. But nonetheless, it’s early days where we have a sales force that’s calling on our optometrist, also ophthalmologists. What we see from the early results is significant interest. We haven’t started our big consumer push, which will come later, later in this quarter. It is an older glaucoma product that’s been reformulated. So, there’s a little bit of learning from the ophthalmologists who really understand glaucoma products. But overall, the early results are it works, it works as anticipated. It works quickly within 15 minutes. It lasts for 6 to 8 hours. And so, again, when we look at the price point, it’s not a reimbursed product. It’s a cash pay product. We have, to Rick’s point, fairly modest expectations. And we’ll continue to watch the trajectory here over the next quarter or so.
Rick Gonzalez: Andrew, this is Rick. I’ll cover the Aesthetics questions for you. And certainly, as you look at Botox, both here in the U.S. and internationally, it competes today against a significant number of competitive alternatives that are available. I think it’s a pretty impressive position that Botox has in the market. When you look at the brand equity that it has, when you look at the confidence that injectors have in using the product, they tend to describe it as the most forgiving of all the toxins that they have experience with. And then there’s obviously a fairly significant customer loyalty aspect to Botox with the loyalty programs and Allergan has a very significant loyalty program that offers patients incentives to be able to use the product and to go back and get repeat procedures. Having said all of that, we feel confident in the position that we have competitively against the competitive alternatives that we see out there and those that we see coming. We have a very active R&D effort in the aesthetics R&D group now that’s looking at next-generation toxins. Two in particular that we highlighted in the comments earlier are we had a short-acting toxin that’s in development that’s progressing very nicely, and we have a true long-acting toxin that’s in development as well. And we believe that those will help grow the market. But, if I look at the market now, obviously, we’ve seen significant acceleration in the market since we’ve activated many of the strategies that we put in place after acquiring Allergan. But if I look at our overall share, overall share has stayed very steady, in fact, might have ticked up one point in the latest set of data. So, that tells you that we’re not only growing the market very rapidly but we’re continuing to compete quite effectively against the alternatives that are out there. So, I’m not overly concerned about what I see on the horizon. I think, we have the opportunity to build the market even larger with some of the next generation toxins that we’re working on when we bring those to the marketplace. So, I feel good about our position in toxins and in fillers as we move forward.
Rick Gonzalez: Vamil, this is Rick. So, I’ll cover the first one, and then I’m going to have Jeff cover the Ubrelvy question that you’ve asked. So, it’s a good question. Obviously, the HemOnc market in the areas that we participate in, in particular, I would say CLL has changed over the last several years. I think one of the -- certainly, one of the things that was not ever anticipated in that guidance was the impact that COVID would have on the market and the reduction that we saw in the number of new patients, which was quite sizable. And that obviously wasn’t contemplated in it. And the second thing is we are seeing certainly more competitive pressure, both from price and some volume than we anticipated in that time frame. Having said all of that and -- well, I’d say a third item is, certainly, Venclexta is performing well as well. And I’d say, it’s tended to exceed some of our expectations, at least at this point within the launch trajectory of the brand. So, all of those have factors in what we’re describing here. I’d also say we have done a nice job of building out our HemOnc portfolio from an R&D standpoint. When I look at some of those assets that I described in my opening comments, I think they’re going to have a very significant opportunity. As an example, one that I didn’t mention there would be Venclexta and the t(11;14) multiple myeloma population. That could be a very significant opportunity, we feel good about that. We should get a readout on that. And we think that could be a significant contributor to both improvement in in-patient therapy, but also a significant improvement in the overall revenue in the franchise. And then, you have things like Navitoclax and epcoritamab and 383, those are all significant opportunities to be able to drive growth. So, I still feel confident in the overall ability for us to grow our HemOnc franchise. Having said that, I would say, Imbruvica is under more pressure than we anticipated. When we put that guidance out, at that point, we didn’t even contemplate a follow-on BTKs in any meaningful way. But we do see more competitive pressure there. But overall, I’d say, I still feel very confident in our ability to be able to grow that, that will be a growth franchise for the Company over the long term.
Rick Gonzalez: So, on the biostimulatory fillers, I think the way to think about it, there are multiple programs, but I’ll talk about two areas specifically. Certainly, one of the areas that you want to be able to look at is your ability to be able to stimulate collagen so that your own body can produce collagen to be able to provide support and filling in a specific area that you desire. And there are some products on the market today that provide that. One of the negatives of those products is you don’t get the immediate filling effect that you normally get with a filler, where you get physical filling immediately upon the procedure. You get a little bit of swelling that occurs. So, for a very short period of time, you will get what looks to be filling, but then that swelling goes down. And then for a period of time, the patient has to wait in order for them to get the collagen impact, and that takes a significant period of time. So we have a technology in-house that we acquired, and we’re further developing that combines both physical filling and collagen stimulation in one product. So, you get the immediate filling effect of a normal filler. And then, as that starts to resolve over time, you get the collagen impact that’s building over that same period of time to provide long-term filling. So, I would say that most of these technologies that we’re working on are market expansion opportunities, so that’s one example. The second example would be one of the areas that is important for patients is what we describe as skin quality, the smoothness of your skin essentially. And one of the things that provides smoothness of your skin is the elasticity of the skin. So, tropoelastin is an example of a product that we have in development that will allow the body to be able to produce more elastin. So, you can inject this product and it will provide, we believe, we have to prove this in the clinical studies, that would provide not only some level, not a dramatic level of filling but an ability to be able to provide elastin information along those areas and be able to smooth the skin out. That would clearly be a market expansion opportunity, today there really aren’t fillers that do that. They can stretch the skin with the physical filling, but they don’t really provide smoothing of the skin. And so, those are two examples of what we’re working on.
Rick Gonzalez: And so on Vuity, you’re right, we didn’t comment on this meeting. You typically wouldn’t comment on a product that’s -- of this size. And I mean, it’s a very interesting product. I think it clearly has a unique fit in the market. I’ll have -- I’ll let Jeff talk a little bit about the total available market, what we see as far as the size of that market going forward. But the reason we didn’t highlight it is, like I said, if we look at what we think peak sales will be here, it’s not a product of the magnitude that we would typically highlight.
Rick Gonzalez: I think the big assumption that you have to look at here is, what is the utilization per month the patient would actually use it for. I mean, as an example, I keep bugging the guys that I have to go get a prescription for it. Now, what do I want it for? When I go to a restaurant, I have trouble reading in low light. So, I’ll use it for that purpose. And so, it’s very difficult to come up with what the frequency at which it will be used. If it’s used in a high frequency, it will obviously be a bigger product. If it’s used at a relatively low frequency, it will be smaller product. So, we’ll have to see how it plays out.
Michael Severino: And this is Mike. I’ll take the question on CF. I think, it’s important to keep in mind that this is a pre proof-of-concept program that doesn’t contribute in any meaningful way to our long-term outlook and doesn’t factor into our thinking about the long-term potential in the pipeline. And the way we have discussed it is consistent with that view. We’ve always said that it represents significant upside if it were to hit, but it’s an early program. With respect to the timing of the data, we continue to track towards the timing that we’ve described previously. We would expect to have data from the triple, sufficient to enable a go/no-go decision later on this quarter.
Michael Severino: So, on CF, what we said towards the end of last year is that data would begin to come in-house around the end of the year, and we would have sufficient data to make a go/no-go in the first quarter. And we’re still tracking to that overall timeline. There were some challenges towards the end of the year, where a number of patients were expected from Australia, for example, and Australia shut down because of COVID and we had to shift that enrollment. So, we perhaps have slightly less data than we would have hoped to have had at this point in the year. But again, we’re still tracking to be able to make that go/no-go decision by the end of the year, because it’s important to keep in mind that these are short studies. And so once you get those patients in, you can turn the data around and make a decision pretty quickly. But the overall timing hasn’t changed substantially from what we described at the end of last year.
Michael Severino: I think -- this is Mike. I’ll take that question. If you look at the performance of Rinvoq and inflammatory bowel diseases, both in UC where we have the full data set and in Crohn’s disease, where we have an important component of the induction data set, the performance across the board is very, very strong. Not only in terms of just overall response rates that are measured, but particularly when one looks at deeper measures of response, clinical remission, mucosal healing, major clinical response, which is the combination of remission and endoscopic improvement. And across the board, we’re driving very high levels of disease control. And we think that feature of the drug, combined with the overall benefit risk position us to compete very effectively against not only oral competitors but many competitors, all competitors in the field. When we look at those data to our eye, given the limitations of cross-study comparisons, we see response rates that just aren’t paralleled in the field. And so we think that there is a very real opportunity for Rinvoq and our view of its role in IBD reflects that. With respect to mixed induction and maintenance regimens, it’s important to keep in mind that there are no data to support those sorts of regimens. All of the programs look at induction, followed by maintenance, which is usually a step-down in dose from the induction dose. And that’s the data set that physicians will have. Now, it’s important to keep in mind that in the long term, patients often lose control and then they need to be reinduced with a new agent. And one of the very strong features of Rinvoq and quite frankly, Skyrizi also shares this characteristic, is it has very durable response. So, it does maintain response for a very long period of time in the studies that we have continued to follow, including our long-term extensions from Phase 2 and our Phase 3 program. So, we think those are also very strong attributes to the products.
Michael Severino: Well, what I would say is that valuations have certainly come down, and that brings opportunities into the focus that might previously been outside of that range of $2 billion a year that we had contemplated. And as Rick said, as we pay down debt, we have some more flexibility. But we’re going to continue to look at BD in the same way that we always have, which is that it is an important component of adding innovation to our pipeline and needs to be coupled with our internal innovation. So, we’re going to match what’s out there. The innovation we see, the therapeutic areas that are most promising with what’s going on in our early pipeline and use that to make sure that, overall, we have a very strong and very innovative pipeline. And you can see that, for example, in the way that we have built our HemOnc franchise, where we have a nice blend of internally discovered and partnered programs from Venclexta and Imbruvica, obviously, our lead programs to the significant programs behind that, things like Navitoclax, epcoritamab, 383 and now Teliso-V demonstrating extremely strong data in non-small cell lung cancer. So, that’s a blend of internal and external innovation. And we’re going to continue to look at areas in that same way. And it’s principally going to be the fit for our overall situation, the strength of the innovation and that balance between internal and external innovation that we look at.
Michael Severino: So, this is Mike. I’ll start with the question on Qulipta and Botox combo use and then Jeff may want to add and take the second question. With respect to that combination, it really goes back to what Jeff said before, this concept of migraine freedom. If you think about chronic migraine, these are patients who have 15 or more migraine days a month. That’s a migraine every other day, and these are debilitating attacks. So a substantial reduction in that is great. But, what patients and physicians are really seeking is an elimination of the migraine so that they can be free to go across their daily lives, to go about their daily lives. And given the options that are out there today to really get to that level in those most severely affected patients. Combination therapy is an obvious place to go, particularly when it’s complementary approaches that work through different mechanisms. And so you would expect their effects to be independent and additive. And where you have a treatment like Botox, it has a long track record, is infrequently administered and has a long duration. So, it’s that thinking that led to that combination trial. And I do think we would also agree that there is significant interest in treating physicians around these approaches.
Michael Severino: So, on epco, we have a high degree of confidence in epco overall. It continues to deliver very strong results, high overall response rates, very deep responses, good complete response rates across a number of indications, DLBCL and follicular lymphoma both. With respect to the confidence in accelerated approval for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, when we look at the data, we think it clearly exceeds the benchmarks of available therapies in highly pre-treated refractory patients. So, we would think that accelerated approval should be supported by those data, will allow the data to continue to mature from the expansion cohorts and have our final regulatory discussions later on this year to set up that accelerated approval submission. So, it certainly is in our planning, and we think it’s very supportable based on the data. With respect to confidence in Vraylar and MDD, we’re confident in that -- we’ve been confident. We were confident when we saw the data and looked at the strength of those data and looked at the relevant precedents for molecules that have achieved indications, not only in depression, broadly speaking, but in adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder. We’ve completed all of the regulatory discussions that we need to have for the submission, and we’re planning the submission shortly as we described in my prepared remarks. In terms of potential for an AdCom, it’s really too early to comment on that. We typically start to have those conversations with the agency a few months into the review process. But, based on the data and based on the precedence, it’s not something that we would anticipate. However, if the agency were to have one, it wouldn’t concern us either. We think the data package is very strong and would hold its own.
