Larry Peepo: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on the call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Bill Chase, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for the question-and-answer portion of the call are Laura Schumacher, Executive Vice President Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel, and Mike Severino, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. Before we get started, I’ll remind you that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about the factors that may affect AbbVie’s operations is included in our 2013 Annual other SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today’s conference call as in the past non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand AbbVie’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So, And with that I’ll now turn the call over to Rick.
Larry Peepo: I would say Steve, this is Larry that we certainly feel good about how 2015 settles out for us with payers on HUMIRA.Steve Scala – Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Larry Peepo: All right, thanks Mark. And that concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of the call, visit our website or call 800-262-4947 passcode 103114. The audio replay will be available until midnight on Friday November 14. Thanks again for joining us today.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Hi Chris, it’s Rick. I think this question has come up a couple of times now since the termination of the Shire agreement and in the backdrop of the Shire agreement. And so, I think it’s important to put it in perspective and important to acknowledge that at the outset, there are certain attributes of the Shire transaction that made it unique and out of the normal course of our M&A strategy. I’d say specifically the potential for inversion is only offered with target selections of very significant size and the benefit of inversion allowed for an acquisition price that was obviously higher. So, I think one of the things that you must remember as we approach the opportunity with Shire was against the backdrop of where was AbbVie overall, because I think that’s an important perspective to keep in mind. And if you think about the prospects of our business, they were never brighter than it were when we approached the Shire transaction. We’ve cleared most of our significant LOE events, our growth brands are exhibiting extremely strong growth, particularly HUMIRA, we build a deep, mid and late stage pipeline with several potential blockbusters which we believe will allow us to drive top-tier EPS growth starting in ‘15 and beyond, HCV is a good example of that, 199 is a good example of that, Daclizumab is a good example of that and there were many more. And while I think it’s fair to ask a question as our strategy, our M&A strategy changed following the Shire affair, I think it’s also important to acknowledge that we’re a company that’s in even stronger position today than we were before we announced this deal. Today’s earnings show that very clearly, the base business is running stronger than our guidance at the beginning of the year suggested to us. We have a much better idea of the size of the HCV market and our potential to stake out a significant position in that market. We’ve had positive data readouts on DAC 888, 199 continues to perform well. And we’ve continued to be active in the L&A front. So, there are no development really that have happened to our business, in fact any development that’s happened has actually been a positive development. They don’t leave us with a tremendous amount of confidence that we can drive the level of performance that we have projected and the level of performance that we need going forward from 2015 with our base strategy. Which brings me to M&A. If you look at our cash flow and our ability to access that cash flow, we clearly have the where with all to be active in the M&A front. What’s more is we have a track record in our ability and our willingness to pursue and acquire attractive assets, assuming two things, it makes strategic sense and they have a good financial return. That’s essentially the criteria that we use. We’ve always said that our highest priority for our cash is to deploy it to further grow the business and make the business more and more healthy going forward. And I think you’re going to expect us to continue to do exactly that, deploying cash to acquire attractive on-market and pipeline assets to further enhance our growth. But what I don’t think is that we absolutely have an imperative to one out and do another $50 billion deal, in fact I would tell you, we don’t have that imperative. And it’s unlikely that we would do another $50 billion deal. As I said before, Shire is a unique opportunity based on a number of different factors, some of which don’t exist in the same way as they did before. So, the underlying growth prospects for AbbVie don’t require us to do a transaction that size. I’d also say we’re not going to limit ourselves to what we do. We look at individual products, we look at mid-size companies and we look at larger companies. And we’re going to continue to do that and continue to look for those opportunities that strategically fit and give us a strong financial return. And we’ll deploy our capital accordingly. The other thing I’d say is, we have always committed that we’ll return cash to shareholders and that’s a commitment that we’ve made as part of our cash, which I used to do that here recently with the dividend increase and the buyback program. Those are the two priorities for the cash. The cash isn’t trapped, obviously we have access to the cash for offshore acquisitions, we have access to the cash if we choose to repatriate it. Obviously, we have an incentive to look outside the U.S. first if we choose to, but we have total flexibility as it relates to our cash.
Rick Gonzalez: Well Jami, this is Rick. So, first I’d say on the expectations for ‘15 and beyond, obviously we’re not going to give guidance out multiple years. But I think I can frame it this way for you. If you look at what we expect to be able to deliver out of our pipeline including HCV and other assets like 199, we have a high level of confidence that we can continue to drive strong growth over the long-term. As far as the bio-similar impact is concerned, obviously that’s something we have looked at and we have carefully analyzed and we’ve had now a number of years to put a strategy in place that we believe will protect in HUMIRA, through that period of time. And so we’ve obviously modeled what that looks like and I can tell you we have confidence in what we can do in that area. I’m not going to give you a lot more specifics on that at this point. We’ve described in detail what it looks like it is a combination of three major areas, product enhancements, both, formulation as well as device, intellectual property and commercial strategies. And this is a market we understand well. And as I said, I think we have planned this out very well. And I think we have a high level of confidence in our ability to be able to execute that strategy in the face of bio-similar competition. There will be a time where we can give you more color I know this isn’t very satisfying to you. There will be a time where we can give you more color this just is not the time to be able to do that. We have to make sure that we have planned this out appropriately. And so, in the future we will be able to give you a little more detail around that. As it relates to Hepatitis C, what I would tell you is this. If you look at the Hep C market and HCV for us, it’s a very exciting opportunity. And I would tell you it’s a very important opportunity for AbbVie. So, let me say, in the backdrop of we’re getting very close to entering the U.S. market once we’re approved, it wouldn’t be prudent for us to provide a lot of specific details around our commercial strategy or go-to-market strategy. But what I can do is I think frame for you, how we think about the competition in the marketplace, how we think about the marketplace. I’m not going to provide an expectation at this point but I’ll give you some perspective I think. As we said many times before, we believe the clinical performance of our product across all patient types is very strong. And it’s especially strong in the psoriatic and difficult to treat patients. And we believe that will be an important factor in how we compete in the marketplace. We believe relapse rates and SPRs are important. We still don’t believe that minor differences in pill count or shorter duration of therapy in certain patients will significantly change the competitive dynamics in this marketplace. In fact I tell you, in our interactions with many KOLs, they indicate that they’re going with 12 weeks of therapy in patients to minimize the risk of relapse in those patients. As far as the market is concerned to the point you made, we see the market as being even more attractive than we thought about it a year ago. It’s certainly bigger than we thought, it’s far more receptive to high curate therapies that are highly tolerable and the market wants alternatives, that’s clear. So, I can tell you, we feel very good about our ability to compete in this market and create meaningful share for our product. As I said, I’m not going to go through a lot of specifics around the commercial strategy until we’ve launched. Last thing I’d say is, as you know, the 2014 guidance we provided excludes any HCV revenues. So, it’s not counting on any HCV revenues, whenever we get an HCV we’ll obviously be upside. But certainly when we provide 2015 guidance and product specific detail, at that point we will provide you with what our expectation is for HCV for 2015. Thanks.
Rick Gonzalez: And on your question about potentially being a takeover target, let me address it this way. If you look at our situation about offshore cash, we’re certainly not unique in our industry in fact I’d say we’re pretty consistent with how our industry tends to operate. So I don’t know that we flagged anything in the process. But essentially I’d tell you that our goal as a company is to stay a strong sustainable independent company. We’ve demonstrated that we can drive strong shareholder value you see that in the GSR that we’ve delivered, you see that in our market cap. So I can tell you my focus is on driving the business at top-tier performance, building out a robust pipeline and delivering strong returns to shareholders. My philosophy is if you do that well, the market will reward you both in your PE as well as your market cap. And that’s the focus that we have for the business and that’s what we pay attention to going forward.
Rick Gonzalez: We’re in the midst right now of dialog with the agency over labeling so we’re not going to, it’s not just appropriate to talk about a lot of the specifics that we’re talking through with them. I can tell you, we feel comfortable with our data set in cirrhotics and across all the other patients. We certainly feel comfortable when we look at our 12-week and 24-week data in cirrhotics, both have excellent SVR performance. And so, we don’t feel at all uncomfortable with the direction that our labeling is going in. PI failures.
Rick Gonzalez: Alex, this is Rick. You kind of broke off when you said the last question, but I think what you asked was what are we doing to work on simplifying the regimen for HCV, is that what you asked?Alex Arfaei – BMO Capital Markets: That is correct, yes.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay. Well, let me start with what I commented on before. We don’t believe the difference in pill burden is going to be a competitive disadvantage. So, first and foremost I’d tell you that. The second thing is we are working on some ways to be able to simplify our regimen with the current generation and that has continued to progress well. Next generation obviously has significant simplification associated with it as well, and that would be advancement as well. So, we have an active program in both areas to move it forward. We’re not at a point where we want to talk a lot about it beyond that but we are working on ways to simplify the regimen and continue to make sure that we’re advancing the regimen. This is a market that I can tell you we’re absolutely committed to for the long-term. And obviously we’re investing in a way to be able to continue to sustain our position in the market.
Rick Gonzalez: So, maybe as a follow-up we’ll try to provide that. I can tell you that as we’ve geared up commercially, we obviously believe that it’s important and I’ve seen the numbers that a significant percentage of the patients are under the care of specialists. But I’d also tell you that based on the massive number of GI specialists, that’s also an important commercial channel to cover. And we have scaled our sales force to cover both aspects of it, both specialists as well as GI physicians as well. But I don’t remember Mark, the actual split between the two.
Rick Gonzalez: Okay, this is Rick. I’ll try to answer two questions. Although I would say your first question basically asks me about our pricing strategy which I’m not going to go into any detail. But what I would say to you is, we looked very carefully at the overall market how our products would be positioned in that market, our ability to be able to take share. And we’ve come up with the strategy that we believe optimizes our ability to take a meaningful share position. We’ve looked at alternatives that were different, some of which similar to what you described and some of which weren’t similar to what you described. And so, we’ve come up with what our commercial strategy will be and we’re going to execute that upon launch of the product and the approval of the product. And at that point we’ll provide you more color. On HUMIRA and payer actions, what I would tell you is this we’ve competed in this market for a long-long time. Obviously in the U.S. market the payer component is a very critical component. In scenario where we have good relationships with payers, there have been lots of competitive entrants into this market. And I take predictions of HUMIRA’s market share erosion and that hasn’t occurred. And it’s partially because if you look at the product and its ability to be able to perform clinically, if you look at the breadth of the menu of applications and indications that it has, that plays a very important role. And so, I don’t see the payer dynamic changing significantly in anti-TNS going forward. This has been a competitive market for many years now. And we’ve done quite well in that market and there is always price pressure and you have to work through that in the appropriate way.
Rick Gonzalez: Vamil, on the M&A strategy, this is Rick. I mean, I think if you look at what our strategy is for AbbVie, we want to build leadership positions in specially focused areas. If you look at what we’re good at, what we’re really good at is taking products that have strong clinical data and the decision making process is driven around clinical data and being able to – be able to go out and commercialize that effectively. And so, we really have two primary goals, when we look at M&A. One is to build out those areas where we currently have leadership positions like immunology is an example. And other areas where we have leadership position, our goal is to try to restate standard care in those segments. And in many cases, we’re looking at multiple different mechanisms of action to be able to try to do that, standard of care restatement in the areas that we have leadership positions in. And then we have areas where we have emerging strengths where we want to build out leadership positions and expand more aggressively, oncology is a good example. 199 and we believe will create a good anchor position for us in that market. AAA, 414, we have a number of assets coming behind them. Certainly we would be interested in looking for more oncology assets. If there was the right kind of opportunity with on-market products in oncology and had some commercial infrastructure in place that would be attractive to us moving forward. Rare diseases, is certainly a profile of the specialty market. It’s consistent than what we look at. And I’d hepatology is the other area that would be of strong interest. I’m not giving you a complete list but I’m giving you sort of the top of mind areas that we focus on.
Rick Gonzalez: This is Rick, on the IL-17 obviously we study every new mechanism that comes into this market and developer strategy to deal with that mechanism going forward. We understand the IL-17 very well and the data that we’ve seen so far. What I’d tell you is if you look at many other mechanisms that have into all the different categories we compete in whether it’s RA or GI or psoriasis, this is a tough market to break into and gain significant share because there is a reluctance to ultimately go to a new mechanism very quickly. These are very potent drugs and have sometimes unknown side-effect profiles until there are in large populations. And that tends to make physicians more reluctant to switch in mass patients. And so, we view IL-17 as a good mechanism, there is no question it’s a good mechanism. And, but we view it early on it would be like other mechanisms that would come into this market, it will probably be more for failures, TNF failures, and eliminate some of that rotation that would have occurred. But we don’t assume that is going to have a dramatic impact on our psoriasis share going forward.
Bill Chase: David, its Bill Chase. So, inventory I’ll discuss in really two different pieces. You’ve got inventory at wholesalers and then obviously you’ve got inventory in the retail chain. At the wholesale level, our inventories across all products in the U.S. was roughly consistent between quarter two and quarter three. The retail channels are little tougher to call as you know. In Q2, we did see some speculative buying in advance of the price increase around HUMIRA. We think some of that buying came out in Q3, although obviously it didn’t mute the overall performance of the brand to a meaningful extent. But in general, at the wholesale level everything was consistent quarter-to-quarter. From a Kaletra ex-U.S. standpoint, that product is subject to some volatility based on tender timing. And you saw that in the third quarter. I think in the long-term outlook for this brand is probably somewhat negative from a single digit standpoint. So, I think what you’re really seeing in Q3 was the anomaly of tenders internationally.
Bill Chase: So Mark, Bill Chase. We’re not going to get into specific details on how much of the HCV investment we’ve put in. Sufficed to say, we have obviously begun spending this year and you should expect that spending to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter and that’s been reflected in the profile guidance we’ve given.
Bill Chase: Jeff, on cost savings, yes, I can tell you this is an organization that has always been focused on driving cost out of the business. I think you can see that to an extent on the progress we’ve made on gross margin. And certainly we keep our eye open for those things all the time. I think in 2015, if you look at some drivers behind the business, the dynamics trend favorably for operating margin expansion. Obviously the TriCor/Trilipix LOE event is fully behind us at that point. You’re seeing the efficiency efforts play out on gross margin. And we would obviously expect a strong positive impact of the HCV launch which offers both a high gross margin as well as SG&A profile improvement. So, too early to get into a specific operating margin number for you for next year, but I’m confident we’re going to have a nice story to tell on this when we get into it next year.
Bill Chase: So, Alex, regarding the gross margin, there are a couple of things are in play on that line. First and foremost as you know we have obviously lost TriCor/Trilipix which had a higher than average gross margin than the corporate rate. So that’s some headwind we’ve actually been facing over the last couple of years. And you can see we’ve negotiated that nicely. Offsetting that there has been a couple of things. First of all, there is an impact of product mix in pricing. But equally important there have been efforts that we’ve put in place to reduce cost and that could be manufacturing cost, supply chain cost as well as of course to address some of our royalty burden on HUMIRA as well. And you’re seeing some of that play out this year. Next year obviously with HCV coming online, we would expect that to have a gross margin that would be higher than the corporate mix. And HUMIRA obviously has been performing very, very nicely as well and that ought to have a benefit on that line item as well.
Bill Chase: Mark on HUMIRA, you really have a tail of really two different markets. In the U.S. we have typically been able to take some price along with the category. And if you really look at volume trend, script trends, which this quarter we’re very, very strong. You can pretty much get back to the 25.3% growth on the quarter by looking at that strong TRX and really reconciling it back to the price increases we’ve taken this year. Ex-U.S., we typically see negative price so actually that’s primarily more than 100% volume. On a total brand basis, yes, I think you can think of price this quarter netting out in the mid single-digits and the rest being volumes.
Bill Chase: So, Vamil, obviously the quarter is not done yet, the fourth quarter that is. We do intend to when the year finishes, you’ll see that we have repurchased shares that I can’t give you exact guidance on what that number is going to be at this point in time.
Bill Chase: Vamil, one other thing, Bill Chase again. Just in the event that you’re inferring something to your question. Our increase in the guidance for the year is purely based on the business fundamentals as we see them. We’re not anticipating that being significantly moved by our buyback activity, just wanted to be clear on that.
Bill Chase: So, Mark, on the dynamics in gross margin, I guess this is a simple way to think of that. We in the quarter had about 1-point headwind from related to TriCor/Trilipix LOE event. Obviously we made that up and then some. Our ability to make that up was driven probably somewhat equally by product mix and cost efficiency as well as including royalty – the royalty stack. I’m not going to get into specifics on how much that royalty stack impacted it. What I can tell you though is it’s not all royalty stack, we have a lot of activities going on right now, to streamline our supply chain and our overall manufacturing base. In terms of adds the same plays out over the LRP, we’ve never been specific on what the exact royalty stack is, some have estimated it’s between 5% and 10%. We’ve said those are good estimates. And one of the benefits of that royalty stack is, it will be largely removed at the point that we lose exclusivity on HUMIRA. So that’s an important upside to the product when we come to that point in time. In terms of the impact of international shipments on HUMIRA, obviously that puts some volatility quarter to quarter in the XUS HUMIRA number. This quarter it was about 1%, it wasn’t huge.
Bill Chase: From a debt perspective, what I would tell you is we’re pretty happy with our balance sheet right now. Obviously we’re building cash, we’re looking at ways to deploy that cash whether it be through M&A or giving it back to the shareholders as you’ve seen in our recent announcements. I don’t think there is any compelling reason to necessarily reduce the amount of debt on our balance sheet. So, as those maturities come up, obviously we’re looking to term those things up. But as whole, we think we’ve got a very, very strong balance sheet.
Mike Severino: On your question regarding ASH, this is Mike Severino, I’ll take the question regarding ASH. There is going to be a number of important presentations on ABT-199 or BCL-2 inhibitor. This includes initial single-agent data in AML. And we’ll also provide a number of updates on our ongoing earlier studies, and update on our Rituxan plus 199 Study in CLL, including an update on patients who have stopped therapy. And we’re going to have first data on Chemo combination study bendamustine plus Rituxan plus 199 in non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma in DLBCL. And there will be a number of other updates including 199 and GA-101, and CLL from early phase studies.
Mike Severino: Sure. This is Mike Severino. With respect to our plans with hep C, we feel very good about both our current generation hep C program and our next-generation hep C program which is advancing very nicely to the clinic. We’re currently in Phase 2b studies with our next generation program. Back in mind is our next-generation protease inhibitor and our next-generation NS5A inhibitor. Things are progressing very well. We’re going to continue to evaluate these data as they roll-out and we’ll be providing updates and appropriate scientific settings over the course of the next year. We’re always looking at promising mechanisms in our early discovery efforts and we’ll continue to evaluate those efforts in light of the clinical results as described as well. Overall though, I feel very good the progress we’re making in hep C. And I think we’re going to have a compelling offering with first generation and it’s an area that we’re committed and it’s an area that we’ll remain active.
Mike Severino: Yes. Treatment, this is Mike Severino, treatment regimens are obviously evolving considerably. I think that I would point to the overall breadth of our data both in cirrhotics and outside of cirrhotics, we feel very good with our profile we have, very high SVR, very high cure rates. And again, we feel very good about the profile that we see. I think that’s probably it.Colin Bristow – Bank of America: Thanks a lot.
Mike Severino: This is Mike Severino, with respect to data on PI failures, those aren’t data that we’ve generated yet, something that we would look at and maybe do it in the future.
