Gary C. Kelly: I'd be happy to. And I'm just going to repeat what I said, Jack. There is no more than – it will be less than 4%. It won't be 4%, it will be less than 4% for the first quarter and for the second quarter and obviously for the first half combined. And I'm comfortable in sharing that with you at this point. And beyond that, I'm not willing to give any specific targets. My only reference on the fourth quarter is that because fourth quarter this year may be closer to flat year-over-year, and once we start restoring the flyings that we were doing with the grounded Classics, we'll see some growth that is higher than normal in the fourth quarter for sure. However, and I want to be clear on this, we have not committed to a schedule for the second half of 2018, where as time goes by, we're getting more and more committed, of course, to the first half. But I think the overriding message is the same as what we've been saying and that we're still approaching our capacity growth cautiously. One of the things that we were trying to accomplish in 2017, and if necessary by extension, into 2018, is to give our developing markets an opportunity to mature and put ourselves in a position where we are confident that positive unit revenue growth is realistic. So, those will continue to be the guiding principles.
Gary C. Kelly: So, I think to summarize, we definitely staffed up for the effort. And then there's sort of a final push with technology people, our technology partners. And it shows up in our spending. There's no question. If you look in the other operating expenses line, you'll see that it's up, don't have it in front of me, I think it's 12 point – maybe 11%. But in any event, there's a pretty large increase in that category. So there are a lot of the technology-related costs that are hitting in that line item.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we haven't done anything so far. So there's nothing to report today. We have a board meeting in May, and of course, that is a board-level decision. And we would – we've had discussions, as you would expect, with our board. We meet every other month, so we meet 6 times a year, so we had a March meeting, but have made no firm decisions or commitment – made no commitments yet. So, it's something that we'll take up in May, Duane, it's a very fair question. And I think all I would say is to reiterate what Tammy said and I think I've said, which is we're very focused on shareholder returns. Those are two key questions and we'll certainly discuss that again in May.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I've tried to be clear on that. So, you quiz me if I'm not hitting the mark here. I think, first of all, there's a fairly long cycle between the time that you decide that you want to add capacity and when it finally shows up. So there is some physical nature to all of this. We are growing 3.5% this year. Some of that admittedly is because we're accelerating the retirement of the Classics. However, we've been straightforward with you all and said that we did want to slow our growth this year, so that was – it was a factor in us arriving at the decision to go ahead and accelerate the retirement of that fleet, if you understand my point. Said a different way, if we really felt like we needed to be growing faster this year and we just had to have lift, I bet we would probably have tried to find a way, Mike, to keep those airplanes. So, the stars aligned pretty well for us there. The other thing that Mike has done a beautiful job of, especially over the last four years to five years, is creating more fleet flexibility for us. And so I mentioned purposefully with my remarks that right now, we're fully committed with deliveries that would suggest that we'll end 2018 at 746 airplanes. We have the option to get four more and we haven't exercised that yet. We haven't made that decision yet. So the answer to your question is both of those are inputs, but what we're trying to do mostly is match our capacity to the demand. We want to grow our route system. We want to grow it in a way that we can sustain positive unit revenue growth as well as hit our ROIC and our profit targets.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, of course, it is. In other words, if you just – logic would say the reverse. If we weren't making money, would we be going out and growing? Well, of course not. You need to fix what you have first before you think about growing. But our margins are really good right now. They're near industry-leading margins that everybody here has worked hard for and is very proud of. So we don't want to extrapolate record returns on capital into infinity and adjust growth plans to that notion. That would be very imprudent to do. So we're not doing that. We haven't done that. We've tried to be clear that in particular, the growth rates that we realized in 2015 and 2016 were unusual, and you should not expect that we think that we should be growing at those rates going forward. But I think it's mainly a matter of just, we want to grow and we need to grow. We need to strengthen our route system. It's a very competitive industry out there, and that's one of the key weapons that we have. But we need to do that in a way that we can make sure that we sustain our profitability, our balance sheet, shareholder returns, all of those things. I think we've done a nice job of balancing all that, and there's a 46-year history here and there's no reason to believe that we're going to deviate from those objectives.
Gary C. Kelly: Let me just – I'm going to think out loud with you because I don't know, I can give you at least a sense of direction there. But we're going to end this year with a capacity split of about 96% domestic and 4% – not quite 4%, so it's about 96%-plus and a little bit less than 4% international. We're growing international pretty aggressively here in 2017. It feels to me like it will grow less aggressively in 2018. And that's an understanding that we haven't made firm commitments here and we'll debate those as long as we can. We've decided recently that we were going to go ahead and commit to Turks and Caicos. This relates somewhat to the previous question about how much of this is fixed versus variable. Well, we're committed to this 5-Gate Concourse construction in Fort Lauderdale. We obviously want to follow that through with having a decent array of international flying and so that's a pretty aggressive launch of international for us this year because of that. And then next year, we're purposefully going to throttle back a bit to again allow these new markets some time to develop. But we don't have a lot of new flying that we're adding this year. A lot of the year-over-year increase is simply the full year effect of adding routes last year. So this is a pretty conservative year. And I think next year, except for some of the comparability issue maybe fourth quarter year-over-year, it's going to be a pretty routine year, it feels like.
Gary C. Kelly: ...to be more efficient. The problem that we have today, and I'm sure my colleagues, if you ask them or you may have already – they may have already made these comments, but we're already seeing increased delays this year being imposed by the FAA because of staffing shortages. So the on-time performance of the industry is pretty good and inarguably very good. Well, all that means is that we've simply adjusted our flight times to be longer, anticipating increasing inefficiencies. And every year, we get more. So it's as simple as taking city A to city B and those en route times are just far greater today or the total block time I should say, far greater today than they were 10 years, 20 years, much less 30 years ago. So what I would argue for our investors and certainly for the company is that we'll provide better customer service, which ought to be healthier demand and we'll be able to provide these flights far more efficiently, which ought to be less cost and more affordable for our customers. So it's a double win for the customer, but it's just a – what company would choose to operate less efficiently? It's just nonsensical. So, the other thing I would tell you is that we know that there is a premium part of the day that people want to fly. And to the extent that we can push more of our flying into the mid of the day, we know that, that will also be more productive. Will it create the opportunity for more capacity? Yes, but we have that opportunity already, so we already choose to fly more or less in a given period this year. We could be flying more and we're choosing not to for a variety of reasons. So I wouldn't make a good thing a bad thing. I think back to the good thing, it's going to be – it's going to take a huge effort to realize the benefits of ATC modernization. And right now, it's not being realized whatsoever that we're getting less efficient, not more. So you don't have to worry about that anytime soon, unfortunately, but that is the right goal and I think the President is behind that and we've got a long way to go to actually realize it.
Gary C. Kelly: And Jamie, you are right. I mean, the airline does have an AM, it has a PM and then that's sort of the third shift of the day, we do dedicate to overnight maintenance. So once we under – under the assumption that we're going to undertake a significant amount of 'red-eye flying,' we would have to figure all that out.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, again, if you're wondering whether we truly have the capability today, we don't. In our minds.
Gary C. Kelly: We don't have the tools that we would need. And then if that would – then if you're concerned that, that capability now leads to yet more capacity, we've got a lot of discussion that we need to have before we decide to commit to any meaningful amount of red-eye flying. And it is not, as we sit here in the second quarter of 2017, it is – we've got a lot other things we're working on and it is not a priority for us.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think so, but I think anything is possible. If you go back to last June, you might remember that we were a bit surprised at the sort of sudden weakening in demand. And that seemed to continue all the way until the fourth quarter, at which time we were pleasantly surprised at the strengthening in demand. I really thought we would do a little better in the first quarter this year. It wasn't bad. It didn't slip, but it didn't improve as much as we thought. And I made my GDP comment earlier. We've all read about the delay in tax refunds and the impact that that had on consumer spending. I don't know if that had some impact. But we're trying to take all those questions, Savi, into account. And taking that into account, we're saying that there is a trend improvement sequentially. And I'm not attributing that to the seasonality. We've got years of history here. And we've moved holidays around and take all those kinds of things into effect, our own growth rate, et cetera, et cetera. So the yield environment is improving. And in terms of the competition, that's about all we can say at that point, but it is definitely improving compared to what we were seeing last year.
Gary C. Kelly: It's a very strong market. I would say post-recession, sort of post-2007, there was a kind of a typical recessionary effect on short-haul travel. And there's a lot of short-haul travel in the Southwest system in California. So we optimized our route system. And I'd say over the last several years, we've seen a resurgence in the travel demand there. And we've struggled a bit to keep up with it. So that's one, the travel demand is quite strong and we see a lot of opportunities. I would couple that though with real estate challenges. So LAX, we're capacity constrained on the ground. We have that problem in Orange County. It's just two quick examples. So we have more opportunities to grow, except that we just don't have the physical capability to do that with some of our airport constraints there. But where we don't have that, yes, we've had great opportunities and I think that you'll continue to see us very focused on California. And it's not just us. There's a handful of competitors that are also eyeing California. But it's a great, healthy market and we remain the number one share within and out and to. And any way you look at it, so we're very proud of our position there. And we're going to work hard to stay on top.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, great question, and of course, you've known us for a long time. If you go back to 30 years ago, we didn't have the array of physical constraints on the ground that we face today. Some of that is just because we – from the sheer fact that we've lowered fares, stimulated demand and we've built facilities, and we've now filled out that capacity. It's an issue and it's easy to take LAX as a specific example. LAX has billions of dollars' worth of construction programs that are planned probably over the next decade and maybe even beyond. We've got one that – we have two in effect that are underway, and we're hopeful that we'll get a third in order to create capacity. I want to say that the – over the last decade, don't quote me on this, but I think I'll get this right, over the last decade, there've been about $100 billion worth of airport projects undertaken. So the money is there. And I think the – if we can sort of remove some barriers so that we can proceed more expeditiously at certain airports, that would be very, very helpful. But if you just take a specific – and all of these need to be taken up specifically, there are a lot of airports where we have plenty of capacity. And we're trying to take full advantage of that and expand there. There are airports like Dallas, Love Field, which is at capacity under federal law. So that's sort of off the table in terms of increasing capacity for the airport because it's limited to 20 gates. And there's every flavor in between across the country. The nice thing for us selfishly is because we're a point-to-point network, and we have a very significant position in dozens of cities, if we're constrained in one market, we've got opportunities in another. And quite frankly, that helps us prioritize because we have far more things that we want to do than we have airplanes. But it's just the fact that we live with. We have an airport affairs department that is focused on working airport by airport and helping to develop master plans that are sensible so that these communities can grow. You'd hate to live in a city that said no, we're forevermore capped at the current level of travel and tourism. So you just have to ask yourself as a civic leader, what are we going to do for the next generation? Are we going to promote travel or not in our community? And again -- but that's the way it works, but the money is there. We just want to make sure that the money is spent wisely and spent in the right places.
Gary C. Kelly: One of the other questions I got, Conor, this morning, which might help put it in perspective, well, isn't this going to cost you money? Well, what we're trying to do is be the world's most loved airline. And we feel like just putting this in with no change fees, no bag fees, no overbooking, that's who we are. And we're at a point now where we can do all of that and still stay true to our low-fare brand. And, obviously, the reason that we do overbooking is because it helps generate revenue on that flight and keep the rest of the fares lower. So we don't want to do this in a way that would cost our customers more money. And we think we're at a point now where we can do that, and it just makes sense. So we've been thinking about it for a long time and feel like right now is the time to do it.
Gary C. Kelly: It was – and I'll be honest with you. It wasn't on my list this month to work on. It wasn't on Tom's. It wasn't on Bob's list. But it is something that we have had on our list over the last couple of years. But it puts the question under a bright light. And, hey, why not do it now? I would ask. And we're ready to do it and we're going to get it done.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'm going to answer your question in two ways. Number one is just philosophically, we've always worked with our employees that way. Contracts are a framework to work together. And that's a true partnership. And things come up in between contract negotiation dates. We approach union leadership and union leadership approaches us. And so we make changes historically, quote, all the time. And we've had instances in my recollection where we felt like we needed to make some change to pay along the way. And it's just remembering that nothing is simple when it comes to a labor contract or a labor contract negotiation. So it – we'll just have to see how simple it is for American to actually execute what they want. I read their communication. I thought it was very well done. But is it a dangerous precedent? No. I mean it is a framework. It's a living document. The only way that works though is if you have a true partnership where issues can – in a dynamic way, can continue to be addressed. At the same time, I think everybody understands that it is a contract. Both parties to a contract want to and need to honor what's in the contract, and there needs to be very good reasons to contemplate a change. But is it dangerous? No. And I think it's just part of ongoing negotiations and Herb always said that we negotiate our contracts every single day, and I agree with that.
Tammy Romo: Sure, I'd be happy, happy to do that. As I mentioned in my comments, we had about $40 million in costs in the first quarter associated with our new reservation system and operational initiative. And so as I think about our comparisons in the first half versus the second half, we have probably 1 point to 2 points related to the wind-down of our reservation system and timing of efficiencies related to our operational investments. So, it is significant and we'll get some relief here as we move into the second half of the year.
Tammy Romo: Sure. And just to kind of help you as we progress here from the first half to the second half on our unit costs, we already mentioned that about 1 point to 2 points of the cost pressures were experienced here in the first quarter is related to our reservation system and the timing of efficiencies related to our operational investments. We have probably a point related to the timing of our union contracts. And then also as you move into the fourth quarter, we'll continue to see savings associated with the retirement of our Classic fleet. So that's about a point, which you'll see reflected in lower depreciation and maintenance costs. And then that probably accounts for most of it. I'm not ready to give you specific guidance on third quarter versus fourth quarter. But I do think that by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we should be, call it, roughly flat to year-ago levels, excluding fuel, profit sharing and special items.
Tammy Romo: Happy to speak to that. Yes, I know I'm delighted to speak about revenues because we are encouraged by our outlook here in the second quarter. And, Mike, we're really seeing – it's pretty broad-based improvement in our sequential trends. So, yes, so, I think it's really just a broader comment.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. The economic impact is really fairly, fairly small. Yes, there is a little bit of a revenue impact, but that's been embedded in all the guidance that we've discussed this morning. But there is also some cost savings that will occur that will offset the revenue benefit. So the net impact is really not that meaningful. So I really don't think you'll even see it in our results.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Yeah, so Jamie on the operating side, we do have flights that go across midnight that our flight planning systems are designed to take that to a certain point. So let's say, I don't know that I have the hour right in my head, but let's say, to 2 o'clock in the morning but to go...
Michael G. Van de Ven: We have those covered in our contracts, but they're difficult because it's hard to put together three-day pairings if you don't have a sufficient number of red-eye flying. And you're exactly right, Jamie, it introduces complexity with respect to the maintenance programs at night. We can navigate through all of those things, but we just haven't had to do that at this point in time in our lives.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Yes, David. The industry just in general has needs for unexpected crew movements every day. So there's weather, there's mechanicals, there's diversions. So that need is going to exist and it always has. And generally speaking, you know, I bet you, we have a lot of customers that when have an opportunity to take a flight an hour or two later and be compensated for, they like that. We haven't had issues historically about dealing with our flight crews. We usually know that well in advance. We can talk to our customers as they're getting up into the gate area and seeing whether or not they're amenable to taking a different flight. And I would say that 99% of the time they are.
