Gary Kelly: Andrew, yes, thanks for the question. It's something that we'll want to explore. There's no way to avoid risk with a fleet. Period. If we had one manufacturer that's 50% today and the other is 50%, 50% of our fleet being grounded would be a huge problem. So I don't have anything new to tell you today. We think that Boeing is a very strong company, a great partner and believe that the MAX 8 is the best airplane in its category. We haven't learned anything different in 90 days to change our view on that. I think the nuance of your question is something that we'll want to explore, because in the current scenario some of our competitors who do have a diversified fleet aren't having their growth plans impacted as drastically as we are. But the odds of having this unique scenario again and then executing a plan that's so narrowly focused on avoiding this, I don't -- right now, I just don't think that would be very wise. But the short answer is, right now, we don't see that we need a change in strategy. The longer answer is, I think, it's something that needs to be fully explored and debated and that's not something we're going to do in 90 days. As a practical matter, if we want to diversify the fleet, it would take us years. So absent going out and acquiring another carrier and operating a separate airline in that sense, there's just no easy way around that.
Gary Kelly: Mike has a lot of work to do, when you think about the variability in the Boeing delivery schedule from here. So all we can do at this point is put a stake in the ground make some assumptions. I think we've been clear what our assumptions are here for the near-term. I think when you then under the assumption that we hit those dates, Mike, where Boeing has done in September FAA signs off in October, and we begin taking deliveries I guess that would be sometime in December let's say. Right now, we're making assumptions as to how many airplanes we can physically un-ground ourselves, how many Boeing can physically unground and then how many Boeing can deliver. So there is three different sources of MAX 8s and there's always so many. We can do in a day or in a week. And we just don't know. We're in uncharted territory there. So I think that has some bearing. We've got a retirement plan for some number of Tammy MAX or rather a 737-700s planned for next year. We have some interest in either accelerating or decelerating the retirements. So we'll just have to see. At this point, I'll tell you our overarching goal is we want as many MAXes as we can practically deploy as soon as possible. And if we don't like the resulting capacity then I think we would then lean more heavily to perhaps accelerate some of the -700s. As we look at all of our route performance, and just market after market after market it is obvious that we're short capacity that we're spilling traffic and leaving money on the table and helping our competitors. And I will also tell you that that is not anything that we will leave unattended. So if there's a range of behavior that you would expect from us next year from never reckless from being aggressive, to being passive, I can assure you we're going to want to restore our operation and our system just as quickly as again we can safely and efficiently do that. But a lot of questions and right now its unproductive to try to give you any number about what that might be. My goal would be by the time we get to the end of next year to hope that we were back smoothly on our delivery schedule and our operation. And I think it's possible that we beat that by six months just depending on, whether – again whether we meet the current time frame and whether Boeing can deliver at the rate that we are assuming next year.
Gary Kelly: Yeah. So I'll give you a quick comment. And then Tom would love for you to opine on that topic. But just starting with 25 years, I think 25 years ago we didn't have an affinity card and saw that as a great opportunity. And so in the industry I don't know that I have as much of a perspective there. But certainly for us, yeah, we've come a long way in 25 years. When I started as CEO in 2004 we quickly concluded that the number one enhancement that we needed to make for the Southwest brand was to overhaul our frequent flyer program, and Tom covered a lot of material in his remarks, but I'll just cover it again. It is an award-winning industry-leading frequent flyer program and that is the foundation for the obviously driving the revenues. We have a great plan. Our customers love it. They take our credit card in droves and we obviously factor all of that into our economics. So we are far more stable I would say in terms of our revenue generation today than we were before. Then the new program was launched in 2011 very proud of that. That may be even the single biggest accomplishment that Southwest had over the last 10 years to 15 years. It was really, really significant. Tom, you want to -- anything you want to add on the economics? Obviously, we hold a lot of that very close to the vest, but it seems that…
Gary Kelly: Helane, the other thing that I would add which is really beyond your question, but it does -- it sort of explained the environment here. I think Southwest is the gold standard for the industry. We hire first officers that on average have 6,000 hours of flight experience. And in addition to that, we hire first officers that have captain experience. So you start with a very experienced cockpit crew. Then we obviously only fly the 737, we are the industry leader when it comes to training and operations and Mike covered our philosophy about flying the airplane and training for certain scenarios. So we'll be very well prepared to take on this new training requirement. Our pilots, I think -- more importantly our pilots are very comfortable and love the MAX and are looking forward to restoring it to service. And they'll play a key role obviously, when we communicate and when we're reintroducing the MAX to our customers. But we factored all of that into our plans. We're allowing more than ample time for the training and the reintroduction of the fleet. And I think as we were talking earlier, what is going to be as much of a challenge, if maybe not more of a challenge is just the maintenance and the reintroduction of all the airplanes back into service will be a task. And again, I think that Mike has allowed more than enough time for that with our January 5th target date.
Gary Kelly: Those -- right now, it's not slotted anymore. It was when we acquired them in 2010. But the FAA whatever that term is they unslotted them several years ago. But no this is a decision where -- and that's why I like the word consolidate. So we'll have a significant New York City presence. It will be focused where our customers want to go which is LaGuardia. And we have -- actually with the new facility and the 800s and the MAX 8 we have an opportunity to grow our seat capacity there by I don't know 10%, 20% over time. So we have ample opportunity to do that, and we'll have a far more efficient cost-effective operation and revenue production by consolidating into one airport as opposed to having it diluted over two. So again, it's two still relatively small operations today that will consolidate into a much more efficient and arguably larger operation at LaGuardia.
Gary Kelly: Again, I'm just trying to be pragmatic without being overly legalistic here with you. Obviously, we can't comment on anything like that in substance. I mean, I'm just trying to play the game a little bit. As a practical matter, we came into this in March with a view that this was a short-term problem. And one of the things that I think we've tried to emphasize or clarify here today is that we've got a strategy we're executing the strategy and this is really not affecting any of that. So all of that is a view that it’s going to be ungrounded by the summer. And again it was disappointing to find yet another delay which essentially pushes it out to early next year. But all that we can handle and we can manage. So I think the tolerance -- and in fairness to your question the tolerance for this scenario goes well beyond that because then the nature of your question moves into a huge strategic question.
Gary Kelly: And that -- so hopefully I made answer to your question. We're -- we can work our way through this. Obviously, the financial results that we've got right now are superb even in -- relative to our competitors it's actually incredible that we're -- that we compare so strongly and we'll get through this. We're going to end the year healthier than we started the year. And we've actually exercised a few new muscles here and there in really good shape. If we have to continue to manage a ragged schedule we're doing pretty well at that. So I just don't think that that's going to be an issue for us.
Gary Kelly: That's always the case. And -- yes that's always the case. And again we've been open -- Mike has been looking at other airplanes and there's nothing. That's a duty we have. We want to know what's out there in the marketplace and we need to be comfortable that we've made the best decision for our company our shareholders our customers on and on and on. But -- so hopefully I answered that question.
Gary Kelly: Well, based on what we know today, we're aware that six deliveries, Tammy would slip into 2021. So just trying to take your question literally here. And yes, it'll be less than what we thought. But I think - I'm fine with that. That's plenty close enough. And as everybody is aware, we're talking about putting a lot of airplanes into service next year. So if six slipped out of 2020 into 2021 from that perspective, that's fine as well. It's not going to make a huge difference. I think what's more in play again is, whether we want to try to accelerate some retirements. And there's just work to be done there and our teams do a tail-by-tail analysis to see what maintenance cost could be avoided and whether that's sensible and whether it really is profit-accretive to try to do that. There's just a lot that goes into that. Our staffing plan for next year looks really good Mike. So we haven't slowed our hiring such that we have a real snapback next year to catch up. So that's another I guess a fancy way of saying, we're a bit overstaffed. I don't think it's unproductive. But we have had to defer a couple of flight attendant and pilot classes as you pointed out earlier into next year. So all the way around, again, I think we're set up very well. We can manage this. We're getting good at it. So hopefully it will – hopefully, we'll hit the assumed timeline that we shared with you. And I think if that's the case, we'll be reasonably back in-line with where we should have been by midyear, if not earlier. So we could potentially recover quickly which will be very welcome.
Gary Kelly: Yeah. And I do too. And we're going to have to have a communications campaign. We're good at that. And just know that our pilots will play a key role in this communication. They're the ones obviously that have to be comfortable, and they're the ones that are credible. So, nobody in this company and especially our pilots is going to do anything that they deem to be unsafe. So then it's just a matter of convincing our constituents of that, and we're going to work hard to do that.
Gary Kelly: Mike, that was total. I think normally you'd have 3,000 cancellations. So to put it into perspective -- but I would attribute the vast majority of that excess to the MAX.
Gary Kelly: I don't know. I don't think so. But it's -- No. No. It has to be -- yeah, it's with month-to-month and with the Port Authority. So…
Gary Kelly: Well, I don't think there was any malintent at all. I think Alison, obviously, in hindsight, we wish that this never happened. We wish that all the things that are being done now were done then. And all the knowledge that we have now, yeah, we wish we had it then. So there were judgments made about the remoteness of the risk and I think that's why Boeing behaved the way they did.
Gary Kelly: No. No. Now -- and again I get asked about Boeing a lot. Boeing is a great company and Boeing is important to not just Southwest but our country. And they have a problem. They recognize the problem and I'm very confident they're focused on addressing the problem and taking care of their customers. So it's a tough situation and I have no doubt that mistakes have been made. Some are harder for us to evaluate than others. But my focus at this point is to get the problem solved, get the MAX restored to service, have Boeing do its job in terms of establishing confidence with customers as in the flying public. And, obviously, we just need to be comfortable that all the issues that have been raised have been adequately addressed. And I think that's where with what Mike was covering earlier we all want to see what the airworthiness directive provides for. We'll want to go through the training and we'll want to validate for ourselves that it all works as intended. So -- but no they're a great company. They're great people to work with. This is a terrible situation and I hate that they're in it. And, obviously, there are many of us that have been affected not just Southwest. There are a lot of people that have been affected here. So we just -- we need to keep our eye on the ball and solve the problem and move forward.
Gary Kelly: Mike, I'll let you talk on the latter. Well, we're sort of in a range of we're not confident to we're 100% confident. I don't know where to put a percentage on it. But no there's no way we could be 100% confident that we're going to hit our assumed time line. And this is new territory for Boeing to unground airplanes so we're not quite sure of that. Then we've got -- we have to support that with our own resources and so does the FAA. So, yeah, all that has to be estimated at this point and with a view towards we're going to have to be flexible. So we'll learn as we go I'm sure and I would assume that we'll get better at it as we start ungrounding the airplanes and that maybe it will accelerate. But no I mean there's – yeah, there's a lot of uncertainties surrounding exactly what that will look like when it starts.
Gary Kelly: But at least my interpretation of your question is what Mike is describing as a software is the technical package. So I don't know what else -- I'm with Mike. I don't know what else it would be. So all we know…
Gary Kelly: …were Gary's words. That's not the FAA telling --they in fact will not tell us, whether they have quality …
Gary Kelly: …"signed off" on MCAS, because they want it all comprehensively together and I don't blame them. I think all I was saying is that, based on the status reports that we've gotten from Boeing and from the FAA on where they stand. I don't think that there is any more work to be done by either the Boeing or the FAA on that piece. I'm not speaking for them. I'm just telling you that we're not getting any sense that there's any more continuing on those functions by either Boeing or the FAA. What is still now in suspense is Boeing has gone off to work on this second issue. And until they get that done, we're all sitting here waiting for that construction to be completed. And then, I suppose they'll show it to us and they'll show it to the FAA and we'll know more. But I'm not expecting any activity on that with us until September.
Gary Kelly: So -- but they're -- but I've asked them if they would separate it. And they told me "We will not." So, I want to be -- I hopefully made that clear. No. They won't tell us officially that they have signed off. And like I said, I don't blame them. They want to get the rest of it done and see it all together and make sure all those systems work as planned. But the good news is it's our sense that all of that work is in fact done and we're just waiting on the second piece.
Gary Kelly: But we're really excited and we're very -- we're really making some announcements soon. And I will tell you that all the things we said previously, we still mean right? So, we still intend to serve Hawaii from Sacramento and San Diego and we still intend to serve Kona and Lihue. And we still intend to have interisland between Hilo and the other islands. So, everything we said is still spot on. So, we just have a little more work to do still and we're working on our schedules right now. We're not ready to announce it. But we can't wait to begin those flights as well. So -- and I'll tell you the reception we've had from the local communities has been phenomenal. And we could not be more excited as you heard from our very robust aloha when you said that. So thanks.
Gary Kelly: Well, I don't have any at my fingertips. I don't have any specific demand numbers. What I can tell you is that, as I said in my comments earlier, the load factors are significantly higher than what we're experiencing across the system. And keep in mind we just announced record load factors for the entire company and our Hawaii business is surpassing that. In terms of actual demand I kind of think about it in terms of load and it's just phenomenal. And that's a true for interisland as well as for the California to the islands routes. So, as I said, we have six mainland, California to the islands and we have eight round trips and it's just -- it's going phenomenally. It really is. So...
Tammy Romo: Yes – no, thanks for the question. We've been contemplating IMO 2020 for quite some time and that has certainly involved – informed our hedging strategy. We have about a 10% position in heating oil for 2020 and we have a combination of Brent and WTI. So we have a diversified portfolio, and we feel like we're positioned well should we see prices increase – or the crack spreads rather increase from current levels. And just in case you missed it in our earnings release, we have a 58% hedge for 2020. So, again very well hedged.
Tammy Romo: And just to maybe jump in to help with what all this means for our 2020 cost, well the MAX groundings are obviously creating a material impact on our year-over-year ASM growth in CASM-Ex trends for 2019, and our long-term unit cost target is unchanged. Our unit cost goal excluding fuel and profit sharing is annual year-over-year growth below 2% as I discussed on last quarter's call. And I just do want to point out that this cost target includes our estimates for salary, wages and benefits, and increases for our people. We are experiencing pressure on our 2019 unit cost, due to the lower capacity as a result of the MAX groundings. And that's about again six points to the full year. And while this does create some near-term challenges for us, these pressures are one-time, and will pass. The year-over-year comparisons for next year obviously would be more favorable given this year's impact from the grounding. So in terms of just a target for next year, it would be to absolutely drive towards declining year-over-year CASM-Ex in 2020.
Tammy Romo: Well, thank you Jamie. And I don't want to kick you after that. So -- but we -- on your question on the maintenance expense there is about $10 million associated with pushing those seven aircraft and that's all contemplated in the guidance that we provided to you this morning. And that's going to hit fourth quarter as we pull….
Tammy Romo: No. I don't think there is much to add to all of that. All of that -- just in terms of what we're expecting for capacity just to maybe, put a bow around all of that. And again we're obviously still working through all of this as we sit here today. But we did give you our full year ASM guidance of down 1% to 2% year-over-year. So just backing into that it does imply exactly as you're coming up with there Duane that we'd be maybe down a little bit maybe down a point or so for our fourth quarter. But again a lot of moving parts and I will firm up any of that guidance as we go here.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Just to add on to what Gary had said and we've talked about this a lot, we have tremendous flexibility in our fleet plan. So we'll work through this and obviously with the goal to produce financial results that we'll all be proud of and do it in a way that takes care of our customers. So we -- as Gary said, we're working through our retirement plan, but we've got a lot of flexibility there. And so we'll work through all that. And I think you'll be really proud of the results when it's all said and done.
Tom Nealon: We do all the economics really close to vest. What I can tell you is just the growth of the program has continues to be incredible. It's just a massive growth engine for us. The retention, the customer affinity, the value of that customer is just so much greater than our non-card-holding customer. But we don't get into the economics of it. What I can tell you is we are really thrilled with the partnership. We're thrilled for a long time. We did as you know -- well not going to get into that either. But we are really thrilled with Chase. It's a good partnership.
Tom Nealon: Well, yes. I just want to add to that. I think your -- part of your question was so how are you going unwind this not just financially but from the quality of the schedule perspective? I think that's how I interpret it. Obviously, when I get the customers we need to -- we're going to need to be in that kind of thing. But we weren't thinking about it as to -- and on to Gary's comments where we had to take a shorter-term view perhaps with some routes that have lower RASM performance as well as routes that are poor CASM performers. And the way we're working through it in our network team is just -- as Gary said, we haven't got through this manually. There's not a process to do this on this kind of scale. So we've had to pare back some of our long-haul routes that are underperforming against the average. There are also routes that were -- long-haul routes where there are alternative options. We can pare those back. And we're also reducing some of the international frequencies. So we're being very opportunistic. We happen to look at it line by line and that's how we're doing it. But it's about profitability. It's about getting our customers where they needed to be. But to Gary's point about the unsung heroes that's the network planning role right now and they are the heroes. That's what they're doing. So...
Tom Nealon: Yeah. I think -- so I think Rajeev, there's just so much media on the topic. I think it's going to increase as the aircraft begins to be reintroduced to service, and I think there are certainly going to be some people, who book away from the MAX for some period of time. I think it's going to be the less than we might expect, maybe shorter duration than we expect. And I think we've done a pretty good job honestly of understanding where not just our customer, but even non-Southwest customers' heads are at with respect to the MAX aircraft and their intent to fly in all of those kind of things. And what's really interesting is our customers -- so there's different ways to break all this to vapour. We're spending a lot of time actually with cohort customers. And our customers' perception of Southwest has not changed one iota, not at all in terms of their intent to fly, their trust in Southwest, the confidence they have in Southwest, et cetera, et cetera. So, obviously based all that, we're working through a very robust -- part of our return-to-service plan if you will. I mean there's a big piece for Mike in the operational side. There's a big piece for the commercial side, and there's a big piece for marketing and communication in terms of how we want to communicate. And we're going through that. It's going to be a very robust plan. I think one of the questions that's -- I've been asked several times is what if a customer doesn't want to fly, are you going to be flexible? And obviously, yeah, we're going to be flexible if the customer has an issue flying on a MAX initially. And to be honest with you, we have customers change flights all the time, so it's not a big change for us. In fact, I'm not sure what percent, but a massive percent of our itinerary has changed. So that's not a big deal for us. I think that we're just going to have to be flexible for a while as our customers get comfortable, and those that aren't. But we're very aware of it. We're thinking through it all, and I feel pretty confident where we are.
Mike Van de Ven: Hi, Helane. This is Mike. We're not expecting to have to put them through the simulator for the pilot training on the MAX. What we believe is that there needs to be an awareness of the MCAS system, how that works what it's doing in the airplane and that there can be -- my understanding is there can be sufficient computer-based training that shows the pilots of what is going on there. We have for x Southwest, we've been doing training with our pilots in terms of hand-flying the airplanes since kind of really the inception of the airline. And over the last two years we've introduced this training called the -- envelope training. And our pilots have been through scenarios where the airplanes are at the boundaries of their performance limits. And they've been in situations like the Ethiopian and Hawaiian Air incident and they've already been through simulator training for those kind of things. So this will be the second year that they've completed all of that. So when you bundle all that together that's why we think that the computer-based training coming out of this grounding is appropriate. And then we supplement that ongoing with the recurrent training in the simulator.
Mike Van de Ven: No, I think that's right. I think the FAA is just better focused on a high-quality review dotting their Is, crossing their Ts, making sure that they've addressed any type of unknown risk out there. And once they're comfortable with that, they will issue the guidance to go forward.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Mary, when we talk about the 20,000 cancellations, they really come into two forums, with the schedule out there to sell the MAX and we have change the schedule. So before we operated that schedule, we pulled a lot of flights. I don't know flights we pulled out we included in that 20,000 cancellation number. And secondly, once we did operate the schedule, because we were so close into the booking curve and trying to re-accommodate as many customers as we could, we operated April and May without any spare aircraft, which I would attribute to the MAX.
Mike Van de Ven: And so, as you have weather events or unexpected maintenance events or hailstorms or other things like that, we just had no way to recover the airplanes and that drove the cancellations up also. So as Gary said, that was around 12,000, 11,000 – 12,000 cancellations for the quarter just in the operations. And those numbers are normally under 3,000. So the vast majority of that 20,000 cancellation number is MAX-related.
Mike Van de Ven: So all we know is that we're going to update the MCAS software and then the software this piece of firmware in the flight control system. And then, the only thing I want to make -- yeah I don't know if you heard our earlier analyst call. But the simulator training, we don't feel is necessary because our pilots are extensively trained in the simulator, and for the kinds of scenarios that this software is being modified for. So, there will be training, but we think that it can be done on a computer-based approach. And that's what the FAA seems to be leaning towards anyway. But we're comfortable with that.
