Gary C. Kelly: That's what -- no, there's no friction. Although, I would welcome that. They're very friendly with each other, actually. No, these are decisions that are owned by our commercial group, and in particularly our marketing and revenue management organizations, so let me be clear on that. We have sales that are seasonal and they're annual and so I don't think you should read anything into that, other than sometimes the sales are more or less aggressive. And that is a function of where we see demand in our business. So there's nothing, nothing at all, unusual about the sale this time of year. Fare increases, of course, are always held close to the vest. We don't telegraph those, we don't tell you what's coming next. We look for fare increases on the whole fare structure, in particular when costs are rising, and that's exactly what we reported to you, of course. And what's your -- I'm sure you already know. Jet fuel prices are up sharply over the last 30 to 60 days, and as I said in the press release, I'm disappointed with that. But no, we're evaluating opportunities to raise fares. And on top of that, we are managing our seasonality and our business with fare sales. And so if you were sensing that the sale is a little deeper this year, I don't know if I have a comment on that, other than to admit to you all the very obvious which is we did see weakness, especially in September. And as we reported, we continue to be very concerned about the economy. And so the good news is that we seem to be back on track in October, but I'm not willing to make any predictions about December or January quite yet.
Gary C. Kelly: Hey, Scott, I'm glad that you noticed it was 40% off and I hope you got out there and bought a whole bunch of Southwest tickets.
Gary C. Kelly: But I think you have to look at the overall revenue number and it is definitely a component obviously driving our revenues. But our revenues, even with a higher mix of "full-fares" years ago, our unit revenues are up in huge numbers. In 5 years time, we're up 40%. So it's -- the other thing that is very different, Glenn, is that from the days that you and I worked together in the 1990s, we were all shorthaul. And the mix in shorthaul markets today, as compared to then compares better, but the full-fares never reached that kind of historic level in longhaul markets. So there's a number of reasons for the change. But the -- I think my deaf argument to you is we've got to manage our total revenues period from whatever array of techniques that we use, and it's just a different airline today than it was 10 or 20 years ago.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Tammy, I'm going to take a swing at that. The -- Mike, I think first of all when we bought AirTran, Southwest outperformed AirTran on a unit revenue basis. Since we've owned AirTran at least through the latter half of last year, we made significant improvements in their RASM and that was mostly with revenue management. So we just took a little bit different approach with their fare structure. In other words, that worked fine late last year. Seasonally, it probably wasn't as effective, that Southwest technique, if you will, in the first quarter of this year. And we made some adjustments with pricing primarily since the first of the year. The -- with the -- with their product and their array of fares and fees, as it stands today, they are no better than Southwest Airlines without fees. In fact, Southwest Airlines performs better. What is happening, though, as AirTran continues to make what are really dramatic changes, and I think Tammy reported this, their capacity was down over 15% year-over-year in the third quarter. And I mentioned this, too: They closed 6 airports, they've closed 16 over the past 4 quarters. And their feed into and out of Atlanta is not as productive as it was before we started tinkering. On the other hand, their mix of nonstop traffic is up significantly. So within AirTran, we're kind of going through quite a bit of churn. And I think we'll all have a much better AirTran network next year as we continue to tune it. But I think the bottom line answer to your question is we're seeing what we expected, which is we have a better opportunity to produce unit revenues on the Southwest brand than what we have on the AirTran brand. But in fairness the AirTran, we're making a lot of changes, or better, self-optimizing it here in this interim period, so -- but yes, certainly, we want to get it over to Southwest just as fast as we can.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Tammy is just getting involved in these, so I'm probably the common denominator of -- been doing the way we are, so I'll go ahead and answer this one too and maybe Tammy can chime in. But we have a hedge built in 2008 that affects 2012 and '13. Those hedge prices were relatively high so we have worked that hedge down. And in fact, Mike, I would think about it like a put: So we have higher put exposure with the hedge position 3 or 6 months ago than we would like because we are concerned that prices will come off and they will create hedging losses. So with that, we worked very aggressively to manage that hedge to a lower position. The coverage that we have in place now for 2013, I believe, is 15%. And it -- and that is a view that prices aren't going to go up significantly in that time period from where we are today. If they do, we've got very good hedge coverage in place for -- it's a portfolio management, if you will. So we've got good coverage in '14, good coverage in '15 and minimal downside exposure now for '13, I think, is the way to best explain that. If we have opportunities to boost our hedge in 2013, well, then we're prime to do that, mindful that we don't want to spend a whole lot of money on hedging premiums. So actually, I think we're in the best shape we've been in a while with our hedging. Especially if you look in the back -- in the rearview mirror and see what prices is now, it's just been a horrendous time to try to do any meaningful fuel hedging. So I think our folks have done a great job there.
Gary C. Kelly: I think really, this period since '08 is unlike anything we've ever seen. And the oil markets, it -- I mean, it's really the same story for the economy, for travel demand and for the oil markets. They're extremely volatile. And I think the bottom line answer to your question is I don't think we can be sure that September is just a blip. It -- September's performance is inconsistent with what we saw in June. On the other hand, we did have some interesting comps in July and August, but we were also off our plan in those 2 months a little bit as well. But I looked back at our earnings plan for the year again this morning, we were ahead of plan as of June. And now all of a sudden, 3 months later, we find ourselves pretty significantly behind plan for the year, so that's how fast things have turned on us and why it makes it really tough to predict from here. But we all know the political uncertainty. We all know the fiscal issues that the country faces and the debt, and the elections are upon us. And I don't think any of us can predict exactly where the economy is going to go from here. I think all the economic signals, as we see them, are very mixed. And as I look at our trends compared to everybody else, I don't see any difference in trends. So it's nothing unique to Southwest.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I -- here's what I do believe. I think empirically, capital goods, orders, business investment, those kinds of broad economic metrics are definitely in decline in 2012. And as we know out of 2008, those were really the drivers in the recovery. Consumer spending, as we look at that separately, as long as our marketing folks have the right price point and the right sale effort, I think we get "all you can eat" when it comes to consumers there. So we have record load factors, very strong demand on that front, but it's the business travel that seems to be the softer piece. And I think by extension, yes, one could speculate or hypothesize that that's what's causing it. And Ian (sic) [John], we don't know, but it is somewhat of a mystery here to see September be as weak as it was and October to look pretty normal. Tammy did make the point, and I'm mindful of that, that our October a year ago wasn't so strong. But at least sequentially relative to, I think, prior-month this year, October looks pretty darn good. So we're not trying to qualify October too much. I think it's just an admission that we can't predict from here where things are going to go.
Gary C. Kelly: I knew if I teased you that you would ask. And no, I don't feel comfortable sharing our thinking because they're not committed initiatives yet. But I did want to admit what I think is the obvious, which is we're off plan. We do have some concerns about the economy and higher fuel prices and I don't think we want to just continue on with business as usual. So we will be looking for ways to augment our current strategies, which I'm very enthused about already, but we're looking for ways to augment those and have not made any decisions yet admittedly. But it would -- were they thought towards something that could impact 2013? That's on the revenue front. I think I can be a little bit more committed with you on costs. And in our corporate overhead in particular, we are working on cutting our overhead budgets, and again as I mentioned, we'll be looking for at least $100 million from that perspective. And the balance here is that the company is working very hard. And our people are very dedicated, helping Southwest Airlines manage through a very challenging transition, transformation. And it would be unwise to starve the company from necessary resources to make those investments pay off. So it's going to take us 2 years worth of work, as an example, to bring in international service from a technology perspective. We've got to have the resources to make that happen. So I just want to make sure that we're focused and that we're not committed to do things that don't add value. And I feel very confident that we can trim our costs there. Tammy's already mentioned that some of the investments, of course, will play out here naturally. Like the Evolve seating, we'll be done with that in the first half of next year, so that will provide some cost relief. And we do have a bit of a bubble this year with transitioning our AirTran 700s on to our engine maintenance contract. So that -- those costs will also ease in the future years. So I think we're very well set up to manage our costs overall much more efficiently 2013 and beyond.
Gary C. Kelly: That's -- that category, of course, includes airport rentals for space, in addition to the activity-driven landing fees. So it's the rentals piece of that that's gone up, significant construction projects that went into effect in Las Vegas and Sacramento, very, very expensive and, believe it or not, moved the needle almost all the degree that you see there. So it's not landing fees, it was the point.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Helane, with -- I'll just very quickly recap the initiatives and hopefully explain how they all tie together. First -- the first one that's already up and running is the frequent flyer program. AirTran, of course, is an integration initiative at this point, so that's the second. We've got the 737-800s and we're -- of course, we're well on our way in the implementation stage of that initiative. We've got, Tammy, I believe, 24 800s on the property at this point. And we're firmly committed to 78 over the next cumulative, over the next several years. So that's the third initiative. The fleet modernization is probably the biggest work effort but also the biggest potential value driver that we have, and I think you're familiar with that. And then finally is -- I'd sort of put it in a grouping of replacing our reservations technology and also enhancing our revenue management technology. They're somewhat different, but they're very intimately tied together also. Every 1 of those 5 initiatives, by the way, is worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $500 million or more, except for the 800s, it's the only one that falls below that and it's probably worth $150 million. What we don't know until we get it all built and implemented is whether there's some double counting. But there is a big portfolio of value that we have under construction that we're pursuing. The international probably falls into several categories. I think that international routes look very attractive from a profitability perspective. The -- of course, we need technology to enable that. But it'll also a straight line to integrating AirTran, meaning that AirTran has international service, we must bring up international capabilities within Southwest Airlines to finish the integration of AirTran. So it's very high priority. We're working with Amadeus. That project was launched many months ago, is right on track and is scheduled for completion in 2014. The other value that, that effort brings us is it is a first meaningful step towards the ultimate complete replacement of our reservations technology which we very much need to do. And obviously, want to get that first step completed for that reason also. Separate from that, we have a revenue management system that is going in next year, and we -- that -- I'm calling that phase 1. When we have a new reservation system, that will also bring added revenue management capabilities. And then, revenue management has other phases of their project that they'll be pursuing over time. So collectively, that whole replacement of reservations and revenue management is a very, very significant effort for us. And again, as I said, it brings the international capabilities with it and the international routes look like they will be handsome profit opportunities for us. All right, with respect to Hawaii and things like that, other than having Southwest Airlines capabilities in place, I don't really want to -- I don't want to give our competitors a sense of our priorities for opportunities like that. On the operation side, Mike Van De Ven and his operations team separately are doing everything that they need to do to have us properly certified for the various phases of international flying that we can do. Right now, he's working on proving flights for San Juan, as an example, which is not international technically, of course that's a U.S. territory. But all that work is underway and it is hard work, but the harder work, of course, is replacing our reservation system technology.
Gary C. Kelly: I think there's -- and Tammy may want to -- and Mike is here, too, so how -- whatever you all would like the pitch in here. But there are 2 major drivers there, Ray. One is we renegotiated our engine maintenance contracts with GE, and part of that was to incorporate AirTran into the -- especially the -700 maintenance program. That resulted in a increase in our maintenance engine expense in 2012. The second driver in 2012 is this 737-700 seating retrofit that we're doing. So all of that, for accounting purposes, is being expensed so that's also an increase in the maintenance materials and repairs line. And Tammy may pick up a couple of more things here, but the main point that I wanted to leave you with is that you're seeing a bubble here in the maintenance materials and repairs line item. The retrofit will complete next year and so that spending will go away and the costs will begin to come down. Over time, the engine cost component will also begin to come down. So we have a bit of a bulge here in 2012, but our long-term outlook for maintenance materials and repairs spending is a trend-down and it looks very, very good. Part of this is the fleet modernization. Part of it is, in other words, retiring 717s, which are very maintenance intensive. And also part of it, of course, is retiring our Classic fleets, which are also pretty maintenance intensive.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I guess -- I think you put that one in the category of a general question so I'm going to answer you generally. I think, competitively, we're matching it very well and seeing nice opportunities to pick up some business here at Southwest Airlines. So I think most of our challenges right now are internal, in other words, managing our own transformation, maintaining our own operations, our own customer service. But when it comes to opportunities for us to grow, I think the opportunities are going to be there. I think they're going to be there domestically. I think they're going to be there internationally and to include Hawaii and Alaska. Obviously, we're going to be disciplined about our growth until we can justify -- make the reinvestments to grow. But the opportunities are there. And I would certainly include the areas that you mentioned as opportunities for Southwest.
Gary C. Kelly: Here, it is. That's the case. Kevin, you can't piece all that apart. I mean, the market is going to react to changes in raw material cost, so it's certainly going to be easier to pass-through price increases when demand is strong and there's pressure for the industry to increase prices. That's all. You have some market-driven exercise, no question.
Gary C. Kelly: Got you. No. Oh, not -- I'm not challenging the validity of your question, I think it's a very good question. No, no, I think we have plenty of flexibility to manage our capacity. Now, we're published. So we're published out through April, and I think we just reported that we're about to publish our next schedule which I guess will take us out through June, something like that. So it is -- once we publish the schedule, we would prefer not to go in and make material changes to that published schedule. But every schedule that we publish, though, we're thinking about what kind of capacity we want to produce. And I don't think we're telling you that our outlook for 2013 is pessimistic. That's an optimistic, someday [ph]. And I think the message is actually, we feel like we have a very good plan for 2013. What's built into the plan is already revenue improvements. We're talking about trying to augment what is already planned and committed for 2013. We're going to try to create a little insurance for ourselves here with some cost-control efforts. And then fuel is always a wild card, but we tend to be pretty good at hedging so we'll be looking for opportunities there, at least on price. You will notice that -- in the third quarter that we had a nice improvement in our fuel consumption by our operating departments. So I fully expect that's going to continue next year. So our goal is to hit our return target in 2013. So given that, we're not sitting here thinking that we need to make some significant adjustments downward to our capacity. But in the end, I think again, just want to admit that we're prepared to do whatever we need to do to keep the company healthy, to maintain our discipline, to hit our target. And -- but that's how we would think about capacity changes. And I think the main point that I think is responsive to your question is: Absolutely, we have flexibility to adjust our capacity.
Gary C. Kelly: Hi, Sheryl, this is Gary. Yes, we -- it's for next year, yes, for 2013. And I think what Tammy was describing was that, given the strategic initiatives and the construction projects, if you -- if -- as we refer to them, those investments. Given the -- given those things that are in play, they will match -- that investment will naturally begin to taper off in 2013 so that, by the time they get to 2014, you'll have some nice cost reductions. So that was her point. What I'm saying is that, in addition to that, we're going to be looking for some spending cuts that we can make that would be effective in 2013 from our budgets in excess of $100 million. That's what I said.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, that's always an option for a company. But to be clear, no, that's not what I'm contemplating at this point, not at all. Now we may sharply curtail our hiring and our total employment in corporate functions, if you will, may begin to fall as people -- as we have voluntary turnover within the company, so that may be one of our ideas. But at this point, I'm not suggesting that we're going to have layoffs or furloughs, no.
Gary C. Kelly: I'm not ready to be specific. I think the array of things that we'll be considering would be getting supplier cost down, getting -- creating more efficiencies in our supply chain, looking for opportunities to stop doing things. There may be some projects that we have underway that we just don't feel add enough value and we can simply stop doing that. We can, through that mechanism, reduce the support that we need from outside contractors, outside consultants. There's a whole variety of techniques that we can use to reduce our cost. And again, to be clear on your memo question: It is our desire to control our hiring in such a way that we don't increase our total headcount. What that would lead to is a reduction in total headcount. So that may be what you -- I don't know what you have your hands on, but in terms of actually asking people to leave or layoffs or furloughs, no, we're not contemplating that.
Gary C. Kelly: But we have techniques to manage our total employment by simply not hiring as to replace people as they leave the company or as they retire or whatever, so...
Gary C. Kelly: I do, but I don't know that I'm ready to share that just because we haven't committed to it. But yes, we would like to -- the -- as a percentage of the total company, it's not going to be large, but as a percentage of our corporate overhead, it would be pretty meaningful number. But we haven't committed to it yet so I'd rather not share it.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, for now, of course, not. I don't think we would ever say no to anything, whether it's assigned seats or charging for bags, but we'll be looking for any and all good ideas to see what we can do to augment our current strategies.
Gary C. Kelly: I think, at this point, we're simply on a mission to see if we can come up with some ideas that we like, that we think will be effective, that will enhance the brand. And it's just premature to tier any more than that.
Gary C. Kelly: The honest answer is no, I don't know that I could detect that. And now I'm having trouble remembering what occurred in September versus October. But our September results, as you know, weren't so great so there's no meaningful evidence that we saw a benefit. But just common sense would tell you and me that we absolutely had to have some benefit. There had to be some people that were booking away, and there were a lot of canceled flights. I know for a fact that we picked up a lot of customers on that basis. But in any event, I would assume, whatever it was, it's temporary. And American is a good company and they'll get their act together and I'm sure they will continue to be a very formidable competitor for us.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't feel comfortable really talking about our pricing decisions and except to say that we aspire to be the low-fare carrier in the United States. We're very careful about considering any increases in our fares, very thoughtful. And I don't think that that's really different from the last 41 years. We're in an environment where costs for the industry are going up and fuel prices, in particular over the last 30 to 60 days, are up very sharply. And right now, we're staring at record fuel prices for the fourth quarter. So that's our thinking, and -- but beyond that, tactically, I'm not comfortable in sharing anything.
Gary C. Kelly: No. I think that again, over 4 decades, we looked at and thought about a lot of things. Fuel is such a major dependency for our transportation company. It's a lot of risk, it's not in our wheelhouse and it doesn't obviate the need for hedging. So our approach will continue to be just do the hedging as the mechanism to best protect ourselves on price. If we had a supply concern, I think that would be different. And that's a lot of what's going on there is a lot of refineries are being shut down on the East Coast. It actually is beneficial for Southwest Airlines, selfishly, for Delta to be bringing that supply to the East Coast. That just takes them -- yes, they'll be supplying themselves, but that means that we don't have to compete with Delta for supplies from the rest of the industry. So on balance, if that's what they want to do, we'll cheer them on. And I think, looking at other alternatives to crude oil will continue to be something that we'll want to monitor, but at this stage I just don't see anything in the near term that's commercially viable there. But we're always looking for good ideas.
Gary C. Kelly: I'm -- Mike Van De Ven is our Chief Operating Officer and leads our efforts in these areas. And I'm going to let Mike tell you what he thinks.
Gary C. Kelly: We have -- I think at our peak, we had just over 200 so-called Classic 737s, and the model types that we had are the 737-300 and the 737-500. We've begun retiring those several years ago. I think, at this point, I'm just checking my numbers here, we've got 156 of the Classic fleet on hand. By the end of this decade, all 156 will be retired from the Southwest fleet. That is sooner than what we had previously planned by several years. And in fact, our desire is to retire them on an accelerated rate, and we may get them retired earlier than 2020, for that matter. Those aircraft, they're good, safe airplanes. They're not as fuel efficient as the current generation and they're more maintenance intensive than the current generation, so we just feel like, by retiring those and replacing them we'll have a more efficient, more reliable, more cost-effective aircraft, going forward.
Gary C. Kelly: I'm going to let Tammy answer that. So there are 342 Southwest 700s, and those are the numbers that we've primarily been sharing with you. In addition to that, there are 52 AirTran 700s that will be reconfigured with the Evolve seating. And then, Tammy, I'll let you speak to the Classics.
Tammy Romo: No, not for the full year 2013. I would -- we -- again, we haven't given guidance. I would expect we would likely be up still for 2013 because again, if you include the investments that we're making in our fleet initiatives. But yes, I did -- what I did say was that we do expect the cost pressures to ease dramatically and we would be trending to flat by the second half of the year.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Glenn, on depreciation, we've been, of course, adjusting our fleet plans, but the quarter did include expense for the revised salvage buy-ins associated with the accelerated retirement of our Classic fleet.
Tammy Romo: We had lower fees and -- versus a year-ago level. We had a reduction in, of course, some of the AirTran ancillary revenues as we're moving those airplanes over to Southwest. And I guess that's probably the majority of it.
Tammy Romo: I think those are just being again offset by inflation. So you just mentioned we have some. And our depreciation expense, our airport costs are up. And so we are seeing some inflationary pressures throughout all of our cost items, but we -- when you track where AirTran was versus where we are today, we are seeing lower costs. I think we're seeing also some pressure at our maintenance area which we're seeing -- we have increased rates on our 700 engines. So it kind of varies throughout our cost structure. But back to what we said earlier, we're not happy with the inflation that we are seeing in our cost trends, which is going to be a significant focus for us in 2013.
Tammy Romo: Glenn, I'm going to point you back to -- I think what I mentioned earlier was the 20% close-in passengers I mentioned during my remarks, with more welcome [ph] discounting needed to stimulate traffic in this tough yield environment. The full-fare percentages we provided historically really just aren't that meaningful, so we -- so I'll point you more to just kind of walk-up mix, which is 20%, and that this right in line with last year.
Tammy Romo: Well, this -- while our fare increases -- we have pushed fares. As you know, we had 5, 8 increases this year. And actually last year I think we had about 8. But while -- this year's fare increases, they have been revenue positive, so that's number one. But I definitely would acknowledge that the impact to our revenues has been less dramatic relative to historical results, which is why we have our fare sale that we offer today. So we are having to offer more discounts to our close-in passengers, as well.
Tammy Romo: There's nothing in particular for October assuming a stable revenue environment. So no, it really -- it was really more directed to actually progress through the month. And particularly if you just note December, the -- there is a mismatch in how the holidays fall this year versus last, so I do think it will make the comps more difficult in December.
Tammy Romo: Well, absolutely. I think we've -- we do our stock repurchase, increase in our recent -- increase in our dividend. We are very focused on enhancing shareholder value. As I mentioned earlier, we do have $1 billion stock repurchase authorization of which we -- to date, we've used $550 million of that. Now I wouldn't comment on what our plans are going forward, but certainly we do have authorization if indeed we determine that's appropriate. But we -- at the end of the day, just to answer your question, we're -- I guess the choices are to invest back in the business. And we've already told you that we are committed to flat fleet until we achieve our targets. And then to the extent there's excess cash, then we'll obviously explore ways to enhance shareholder value.
Tammy Romo: Sure. I think we've been fluctuating around that $3 billion mark and that -- feels pretty comfortable with those type of levels. So really, no big deviation from where we are today.
Tammy Romo: In -- here? Sure, Helane. We -- well obviously, it depends on where our stock price. That's why -- but based on where the stock price is roughly today, on a diluted share basis, that's in the 745 million range, 745 million, 746 million range.
Tammy Romo: Our Business Select, our revenues was $21 million. And our fee -- our pets, unaccompanied minors and excess bags were roughly $19 million, $20 million. And our EarlyBird revenues were $41 million.
Tammy Romo: Yes, we are. We're on target on all of our fleet initiatives, the numbers that we provided to you previously, which by 2015 are well in excess of $0.5 billion. I think we actually gave you over $700 million. We're on track.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Gary, the only thing I would add to that is, if you -- our -- without the Evolve charge here in the third quarter, the maintenance CASM increase was approximately 5% so it would have been significantly less.
Tammy Romo: Yes, we can do that. Yes, our October ASMs, they were, pretty much throughout the quarter, roughly flat. There was no -- you can just say seem pretty much flat each month here year-over-year.
Tammy Romo: Yes. On the Classics, we are actually still evaluating those. We do think it will make sense to do a good portion of those. I don't know that it would be 100. It could be something short of 100, but I do think that we will be putting the Evolve -- retrofitting the cabin, on a fairly good portion of the Evolve.
Michael G. Van De Ven: So yes, Helane, this is Mike. Yes, so that -- there was some fuselage damage to the airplane and we will send it into a maintenance provider and will fix the airplane. It was not any significant structural damage to the airplane.
Michael G. Van De Ven: Well, Karen, it's not unusual for Southwest Airlines to go to mediation in our labor contracts. And we've done that several times in the past. And it's really just a way for us to work through very complex and difficult issues. We have exceptional ramp and ops employs. TWU covers a lot of our work force and generally have a really good relationship with them. We have -- our competitive position with respect to our labor costs have changed for Southwest Airlines as a result of bankruptcies through all the other carriers. What we're trying to do is make sure that we can protect our people's pay and our benefits and our job security and try to look for ways in the contract where we can get the right staffing of people at the right place at the right time so we can provide good service and grow our companies through those mechanisms. So those discussions are difficult, they are complex. They're new approaches to our labor contracts that we've had in the past and so I think that's what's caused a little bit of the frustration. We're not trying to outsource jobs. Actually, we'd like to have more part-time flexibility to bring part-time workers into Southwest Airlines and put them in places where we need them in terms of the demand. So I think it's just a natural progress that we're going to work through. And I wouldn't say that we're any -- have any other different approach than we've ever had. We want to make sure that we protect our people's jobs, that we pay them appropriately and that we have the most productive and efficient work force in the industry.
Michael G. Van De Ven: Yes, I don't think they're more contentious at all. I think that the fact of the matter is we have complex and difficult issues to deal with. To have somebody like Randy be available with his background and his experience and his approach to labor where it's very complementary -- he wants to work at -- with a -- in a partnership with labor unions, to go find answers and difficult solutions. To me, he is the right person at the right place at the right time. And we are so happy to have him join Southwest Airlines.
