Gary Kelly: Thanks, Ryan, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining our first quarter 2020 earnings call. It's all about COVID-19 effects, of course, our route system is over 95% domestic. We had a very strong January and February performance with solid unit revenue growth and better-than-expected cost performance. Earnings were higher in each month year-over-year. Our operation was performing magnificently. That's in terms of on-time performance and baggage handling, and our customer service scores were industry-leading.  We saw no COVID-19 effects on bookings until the end of February and the effects on bookings and cancellations and traffic beginning in March were unprecedented and quite frankly, breathtaking. So here we are. One of Southwest's greatest and most enduring strengths is its preparedness, and we were prepared. On the heels of last year's outstanding performance, and despite the MAX grounding and the excellent momentum that continued into January, February, we're in a very strong and healthy position when the coronavirus struck. We started the year and March with a surplus of liquidity and that was by well over $1 billion. We began this year with the smallest amount of debt to total capital in our history, only 24%. And on a $27 billion balance sheet, we had over $10 billion of unencumbered aircraft. While no one anticipated this economic catastrophe, we were prepared. In my time and Tammy, we'll detail all the actions taken since March 1. But in summary, including spending cuts, schedule reductions, fuel price declines and the elimination of shareholder returns, we reduced our planned spending for 2020 by over $6 billion. Excluding working capital changes and proceeds from the payroll support program of the CARES Act, our cash burn for April is roughly $900 million, and that includes CapEx and debt service. Our goal will be to drive that lower in May and June through more aggressive schedule cuts and hopefully increasing revenues. The pure cash outflows or spending has been cut in half from pre-COVID levels. Our financial management philosophy has always been and will continue to be very conservative. It has served us well, and no one can match the track record of profitability or the financial position of Southwest Airlines. No one has served shareholders or bondholders better over the last 49 years, and we intend to continue that record.  Cash in this environment is an asymmetrical risk. Not enough, that is a huge problem. Too much, we'll pay down debt or we'll buy available assets opportunistically.  We're in a recession. And historically, it has taken years, typically 5 or more, for business travel to recover. With some businesses issuing no travel orders, that has to be the expectation going forward that business travel will recover very slowly. Further, this recession has already put tens of millions of Americans out of work, and consumer sentiment has been severely damaged. That will also affect near-term travel demand expectations.  And finally, for those who are willing and able to travel, the country needs to open back up. So there's something for people to do when they get there. So I mentioned all of this to underscore the imperative of low cost in this environment because every traveler will demand a low fare. That's our business model, and we're America's strongest and most successful low fare carrier.  We're working on a variety of things: number one, strategic plans that are based on three basic recovery scenarios and is being led by our President, Tom Nealon. We're working on customer experience modifications at the airport and on the airplane to ensure that customers feel safe. We're working on our capital structure and liquidity needs to see us through this pandemic so that we emerge healthy and strong.  We're obviously working on the fleet, and that's being led by our Chief Operating Officer, Mike Van de Ven. And then last, we're working on early retirement and other voluntary exit or reduced work programs for our employees.  So before I pass to Mike, I want to thank all of our employees. This has been a crisis unprecedented in our history, but our people are battle-hardened. They are resilient. And they are fearless, and they have done a masterful job running the airline, serving our customers and implementing myriad new procedures and protocols, and they are all vital to this company. And they are essential to our country, and they are my heroes. I'm very grateful to our employees, and I'm very grateful to our leaders for keeping Southwest strong. And with that, Mike, I'll hand it over to you, sir.
Gary Kelly: Yes. Sure, Hunter. And I think they are really themes. One would be the current trends continue. So it's an L-shaped recovery. Another one would be just a gradual increase off of an L-shaped recovery. And then, thirdly, would be a U-shaped recovery beginning, let's say, maybe in the fourth quarter, Tom.  So that work is underway. And I think, Hunter, the way that I would want you all to think about this is we've got a commitment through September 30 with the PSP of the CARES Act to not involuntarily downsize the airline. So we just -- if things don't improve, we'll have to do something after that. So we just want to be very prepared with what our options are. Tom, I would say, by mid-summer.  So we've got a pretty good line of sight to May. My hope is that the May revenue trends continue to improve from where we are in April. It does feel like we bottomed out the first week of April. We've seen very gradual improvement in weeks 2 and 3. And so I would hope that, that would continue.  We've got pretty modest expectations. I think it's fair to say for June at this point. And hopefully, we're too pessimistic there. But by -- hopefully by July, August, we're beginning to see some improvement that would encourage us in terms of which plan to lock down on. But I think the basic report is we've got to be prepared here, continue to be prepared, and we've got to be prepared for just about any negative scenario. So hopefully, that gives you some insight.  As I mentioned, the net cash burn without working capital changes in April is $900 million. We just -- we can't continue on at that pace. So we would attack that with additional cost reductions and certainly cuts to the schedule would be the immediate levers that we would push.  You asked about the fleet. Mike is working on the fleet plan. And bringing in used equipment is more work, and it's -- it carries some additional risk, but we're not in a position right now where we're thinking that we want to grow the fleet anyway. I think, Mike, you probably -- and Tammy said this, but -- so just thinking about the fleet, which, again, is an element of answering your second question, our bias right now is to have fewer airplanes, not more airplanes. If we get into the welcome scenario where we need more airplanes, I think we'll have all we want in a reasonable period of time.  So we -- Tammy made the point earlier today that we've got a program to retire a fair number of airplanes in 2020 and '21, that we were holding back on because of the delays with the MAX deliveries. So I think we're looking more aggressively at that.  And just finally, we're already working on offering voluntary exit packages for our employees in addition to reduced work opportunities for employees in order to cut expenses. So right now, the bias is towards shrinking the airline some, not radically. Hopefully, we won't have to face that scenario. But if we do, we'll have a plan.
Gary Kelly: Yes, sir. So I definitely want to speak to that. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we've got a series of work efforts, and this is one. So -- and I'll just, at the outset, say, this too shall pass. So this is not forevermore. Things will get back to normal. It's just a question of when and what do we need to do to get from here to there?  So in the meantime, we all know that there is a health concern. So here in Texas, Governor Abbott announced yesterday that the state is opening back up for business and they do informal polls, and it shows 3 quarters of the people think it's too soon. So we know that we have work to do to convince customers that are willing and able to travel that it is safe to come to the airport. It's safe to get on to the airplane.  And we all know the techniques. We're going to -- where you've got masks. So there's PPE. We'll be doing cleaning and disinfecting and Mike went through all the things that we're doing there, which I'm very proud of, but then you've got social distancing. There was a new story just this morning of a woman who was on a flight who it was unexpectedly full and she was uncomfortable with that. So for now, we are thinking, and Tom will be working on this. We are thinking that perhaps we won't take bookings that would fill up an airplane. So it would be something less than that. Where there is nothing physical that I want us to do to an airplane, we're certainly not going to take out seats and nor would we go to the effort to block a middle seat nor would we prevent anybody from sitting in the middle seed, but we would simply manage it from a bookings standpoint.  That is an idea. We haven't announced that yet. We haven't implemented that yet, but that would be a logical way to address a concern about social distancing getting on the airplane. So the flip of that, Jamie, would be, fine, you can try to sell-out the airplane. But if people aren't willing to risk that, well, then, you're going to fail.  So all this, again, argues for low cost, really managing our expenses carefully, making sure we have plenty of cash to manage our way through this time period. We'll be thinking about mask and things like that with customers. I know that one of our competitors had an announcement on that today. We'll certainly be doing everything that we have to do to follow CDC guidelines. But in terms of mandating that customers and employees have to be doing things, just stay tuned on that part of the question.
Gary Kelly: It's really the latter. And so I think as a rule of thumb, you all should assume that we will schedule more than we'll fly. Right now, it's guesswork as to what traffic demand will be. And obviously, we -- right now, we're -- it's not such a guess to know that it will be light. But Mike's team will -- it's sort of a two-pronged effort. Tom's team will publish a reduced schedule, which, believe it or not, takes quite a bit of technological effort to accomplish. And then Mike's team, on an operating basis, days ahead of a scheduled flight, will go in and cancel aggressively. So Tom and Mike, you all may want to comment on it.
Gary Kelly: I think it's positioned really well. And if the traffic isn't there, we're going to -- we'll be aggressive in cutting expenses. And the other thing that we're trying to do here is reach a goal or a milestone of producing a cash profit, just looking at the flight operating costs. So bringing in a little -- while it might appear on the surface that there's too much capacity, that's still cash positive, if you will, even though it may not be enough cash to cover overhead. That's still saying that it's better to fly that flight and use that airplane as opposed to letting it just sit there on the ground.
Gary Kelly: Yes, Mike, it is early. And again, I'm not willing to accept yet that the flight experience is forevermore changed. So I don't agree with that. For this year and until this pandemic is behind us, oh, yes, I think we're going to be living and operating differently. Going to a restaurant is going to be different. So -- but at some point, this will get behind us, and we will get back to normal. So in the meantime, I think that's part of the restructuring effort that Tom is working on. We need to be mindful of those things, see what kind of impact these things might have to our cost structure or our revenue opportunity. I think what -- the point I was trying to impress on is it doesn't matter, everything is relative. So it's -- this is going to apply evenly across the industry in terms of the change from here, and it just makes the low-cost position even more important than ever. It's -- because there's going to be cost pressure in addition to revenue pressure. And I think it's back to Duane's question. History shows that through recessions, it's the low cost that wins, and that's served us well and, certainly, where our focus will be more than ever here going forward.
Gary Kelly: Well, Joe, that's a great question. I think in this -- I mean, this is a catastrophe. So it -- there's plenty to worry about. And yes, I worry about that. I worry about our suppliers. There was an article in Aviation Daily, I guess it was this morning, about Airbus and reporting that they may not survive. So this -- yes. Now in terms of what we've seen so far, I don't think we've seen -- of course, it's only, in fairness, 7 weeks into this, and we got a long way to go. But if Tammy leads up our supply chain, I don't know of any -- we're not running into any problems that are getting in the way of us executing. I'll put it that way, that I'm aware of.
Gary Kelly: Okay. Well, that wraps up the analyst portion of the call today. Thank you all for joining, and have a nice afternoon.
Gary Kelly: No requirement. Yes, Mary. But I do think that it's a valid question and one that it's fair to say that we're continuing to think through ourselves. I just don't think we've gotten back to the point where the vast -- the majority of people have been confronted with this. So everybody has been sheltering at home and here in Texas, as we were talking earlier, now people can venture out starting on Friday. And I think that we're going to find that there's a strong majority of people who aren't comfortable unless everyone around them has a mask on as an example. So I think it's a little bit premature for us to make that judgment. I think we're all inclined to let people make their -- use their own good common sense, but in this particular case, we may be -- we may need to be more aggressive there, but we haven't made that decision yet.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think that's all part of it. In fairness, we don't need the MAX right now. We don't need all the airplanes that we have. So it's hard for me to argue to them that we're being damaged by MAX delays here in April, to be brutally honest. So all of that, again, is -- we have a great relationship with Boeing. I think, arguably, we're their best customer around the world. And we've worked together through this MAX crisis so far, and I have every reason to believe that we'll continue to work very well together. But there's nothing there's -- we don't have an issue with the MAX as we sit here today. We're anxious to get it back in the air, and they're working hard with the FAA to get it ungrounded and recertified. So we'll be looking forward to that.
Gary Kelly: Well, the answer to your first question is yes. We are talking with the administration, members of Congress about what the protocols should be. And I think it's fair to say that the airlines for America Trade Association is leading the effort to advocate for some kind of health screening at the security checkpoint. And I know our Chief Operating Officer has, Mike Van de Ven, has argued that it is -- it's just another element of security, if you will. Just making sure that you don't have sick people on an airplane that could infect others. So absolutely, those ideas are out there. I don't have anything to report this morning other than what we agree with your thought that some kind of screening makes sense. And I think to get people flying again, they need to be comfortable. And I think that, that's one way to provide additional comfort.
Gary Kelly: Well, that would be my opinion, and that's what we've advocated with our trade association, and that's what I believe they'll take forward to the administration and the members of Congress. But again, your question is being actively discussed. I don't -- I think what I'm reporting is I don't think any decisions have been made. What -- the scenario that you're asking where perhaps the federal government does not take up a role, then what would we do? I think that, that's a question we'd have to answer. I think a lot of it, again, just depends on how long this goes on. We're not prepared to be medical professionals. But we're asking all the same questions that you are. And obviously, again, speaking for Southwest, advocating that the federal government assume that role. The screening is there. So it seems very natural to be done at that point.
Gary Kelly: Well, there's not -- just because of the severity of the crisis, there's just not a lot of -- there's not a lot of negotiations, if you will. I think what we've got to do now is what I was referring to earlier, which is come up with scenario plans and then depending on how severe they are, I think that's when we would need to engage with our labor unions. We've kept them informed about what happened to the business. We've kept them informed about the actions that we've been taking. We've all had a common concern about the health and well-being of our employees. And so I feel like that we are well aligned on that. But there -- in an environment where we would need to seek concessions, all of that -- none of those conversations have taken place.  And I don't -- I think everyone can understand that nobody wants to make concessions. I think my overarching message to our people, not labor relations, just our people, is that we're going to have to work together to get through this. And it just -- and everyone in the country, with very few exceptions, is having to make sacrifices, and in some cases, very painful sacrifices. That's nobody's fault. But that is the reality. And so I think we, at Southwest, are a family. And just want to make sure that everybody is minimally prepared for the reality of the challenge. And the fact that we may all have to bang together here and make some painful sacrifices. But that -- those conversations have not taken place other than just to try to set the expectation, just like I've shared it with you. My hope is that we get through this without a lot of pain, but we've got to be prepared for the worst. And it's pretty bad here in April.  So it's not theoretical. I mean, it's right here right now, and we've got to get passengers on the airplane in numbers that are sufficient to pay the bills or else we're going to have to take, obviously, a lot more drastic action. But when relations are no different than they were. They're very solid. And I got to believe that our people when -- if the time comes, and we need to do some things, I think we'll have a lot of very willing participants.
Gary Kelly: Yes, all of that's confidential. But I do think just -- yes, the headline is everything is in suspense when it comes to that because all of those are talking about the future. And the future is just so uncertain. It's really hard to -- it's back to Tammy and Mike's points about Boeing. It's really hard to make plans for the future with Boeing when you don't know what the future is. So I think -- and the other thing, Alison, is that everybody realizes that this is an emergency. So there -- the health analogy is apt. The Southwest is in intensive care. So there are things that must be attended to today. And there's -- just in terms of prioritizing the work efforts, there's things that can be attended to later. And clearly, that's one of the laters. What our people want is job security and pay security and benefits. And they've got that at least for now. And so we're not -- I think that's what they are most interested in, and we'll worry about what changes we can make at a later date. But right now, it's -- we're just trying to make sure that we have a plan to survive this, and then we will be working hard to make sure that we have a plan to thrive once we get through this.
Gary Kelly: You bet, Dave. Well, I think it's just all of the basic things that the country is going through in terms of -- we need to defeat the virus, right? So we need a vaccine. We need therapies to treat people who do get the virus. We need testing to know who's sick and who deserves. And so there are things like that to be considered. And Tom Nealon is leading up the customer effort on that. And I think you should expect some announcements from us soon on that front. Then you have -- what's left is within our environment, it's pretty much a social distancing. So we can do things within the airport to address that. We can do things to modify our boarding process to accommodate social distancing. And you're finally left in with the airplane. And if you left every middle seat open, that would be booking the airplane to 2/3. So you have a 66.66% load factor. And I view that idea as a temporary thing.  Again, I don't accept that forever more, people are going to stay 6 feet apart from each other, and we're masked for the rest of our lives. I just don't believe that. I think we'll get past this pandemic. And with a little luck, we won't have one for another century. But until we get to that point, we've got to be prepared for masks, certainly, and social distancing, certainly. And I think we've got an effective way to think about that. The other thing that I haven't -- I should have mentioned earlier, Tammy, to -- in our call and shame on me for not doing it. But we are a really high-quality, low-cost airline. And we have never gotten our cost low by jamming extra seats on airplanes. So it's a very comfortable seating environment. And I think that's going to work again in our favor here. And on the -- just circling back to the middle seat idea, Dave, finally, if I'm traveling with my 2 granddaughters, and I want one of them to sit by me in the middle seat, I want to have that option to do that. So we're not going to physically restrict this or ask our flight attendants to be policing men and women on this. We'll just -- we'll manage that. If we do this, we'll manage it in some other means by simply just taking less than 100% bookings.
Gary Kelly: That's my thought. Where we end up, we haven't made a final determination on that. But with 2/3 of the airplane, it, David, kind of gets back to the same point, which is we just can't burn $900 million a month forever. And so we've got to have some balance between social distancing and just the affordability for people to fly, right? Even here in April, we have tens of thousands of people flying every single week, every single day. And so I mean, that's what the government has asked us to do is keep the transportation lines open. So we're going to have to find some balance there, but we recognize that we'll need some distancing in terms of the airplane experience.
Gary Kelly: Yes. The only thing I was going to say is it's -- when we think corporate, we think the really big companies, and Tom mentioned our corporate effort earlier. So we're really referring to business travel, overall, which is rule of thumb is about 1/3 of the traffic for us and 1/3 of the traffic for the industry. I think you can argue it many, many ways. I think a lot of business travel and corporate travel for that matter is -- would be in large meetings or conventions. And I would suppose that those are going to be slow to come back on for 2021 because a lot of those things have a long lead time, and you would think that people -- I mean, I can think of our own company, with large events that we host, it's just really hard to know exactly what the world is going to be like. And therefore, that kind of slows down making plans and making commitments.  But that's sort of, again, an 18-month time horizon. I read predictions by people that in 18 months, things are going to "be back to normal."And I wouldn't disclose that -- I wouldn't discount rather that possibility. I think what we're trying to do is just put ourselves in a position where we can react effectively either direction. If we need to upsize, that will be a pleasant thing, and we'll do that. If we need to downsize, it will be less pleasant, but we'll be able to do that. And I think the main thing I was trying to share with you all earlier is that based on history, in a recessionary environment, it is a long recovery period for businesses. And it's intuitive to me on why that would be. This one feels like -- which I think is your point, this one feels like it could be worse. And you've got companies that are ordering their employees not to travel. Again, there's historical precedents, I think, that are examples for these kinds of scenarios. And I just don't think -- we're just not in the business of making predictions, I guess. But I don't think there's any way to know. And I know a lot of people are using Zoom and there's predictions that, that will forevermore change meetings, and I just don't believe that. I think it's just one more tool that people have. And if you're like me, I'm sick of these Zoom calls. I'm ready to go talk to people face-to-face. So I don't -- we don't know, but we're certainly prepared for a very long recovery.
Tammy Romo: Hunter, how are you doing? I'm doing great. Yes, we have significant flexibility with our fleet plan, Hunter. And I'll just say that our preference is to get new airplanes from Boeing. Boeing has been a great partner with us, and they have certainly been working with us to restructure our order book as we manage through the situation here. So I think we'll have plenty of opportunities to get the new airplanes that we need from Boeing.  But in any event, we will have plenty of aircraft should we have opportunities and need to tap into more airplanes. And then I'll just also point out that we also have flexibility on the other side, which is to retire. So we do have opportunities to retire our older airplanes, less fuel-efficient airplanes. And just keep in mind that even though fuel prices are at low levels, fuel price -- fuel costs, as you know, is our second largest cost component. So having a 14% savings on fuel burn relative to the next-gen aircraft is still very meaningful and very significant.  So as always, we'll continue to do our fleet planning in a way that delivers good economics on an operating basis and also delivers low ownership costs for years and years to come.
Tammy Romo: No, Gary, I think you really covered it all. Just in terms of the structure of the loan, that would be a 5-year senior secured term loan. And as Gary said, the terms are reasonable, LIBOR plus 250 basis points, and it's attractive that the loan is prepayable at any time. So it really just gives us a lot of options here, and it's certainly a wonderful backstop to have, and we're very grateful for that.
Tammy Romo: So the $2 billion of non-encumbered, they're just miscellaneous assets like gates, slots, simulators, really base...
Tammy Romo: I agree, Gary. I think our supply chain, our team is doing a fantastic job in what has been a really challenging situation just in terms of PPE, they've worked really hard to secure that, but they've been able to secure what we need. And at least so far, no major disruptions.
Tammy Romo: No. Yes, I think your takeaway should be that we're still working through restructuring our order book with Boeing. And just what we announced so far is just -- is a piece of that. But it's just too early to know. And obviously, Boeing is going to be very thoughtful with the MAX return to service, so we -- and we'll work with them on that and a delivery schedule that makes sense for Southwest, but no cancellations so far.
Tammy Romo: Sure, I'd be happy to take you through that. So if you go back to last quarter, where we were sitting at that point in time is if you look at the MAX aircraft that were coming directly from Boeing, there were 107 deliveries. And then we had another 16 that we are scheduled to take delivery from third parties. So the agreement that we now have with Boeing is that we will take no more than 48 aircraft between now and the end of next year. So that's how we get the reduction of at least 59. So again, we're still working with them on the specifics and exactly how many airplanes we would want to take between now and the end of the year. So keep in mind, with respect to the MAX, if you'll recall, we -- Boeing has 27 of our MAX aircraft that have been billed and produced. And so at this point, we're not planning to -- we're planning to take less than those 27. Again, we haven't worked through those details with Boeing, so those discussions are ongoing. And as we lock that down, we'll certainly share that with you.
Michael Van de Ven: Mary, this is Mike. We have been trying to follow CDC guidance as best we can. We have highly recommended that our employees and our customers wear mask while they were at work or traveling. And to date, we have seen the vast majority of our employees and our customers just naturally follow those instructions. But we are in the process of rolling out a temporary policy that, at least with respect to our employees that are on the frontline-facing customers that in the near term, they'll need to wear masks while better work in their front-line positions. And then we're also going to be in a position to have available for customers a mask if they would like to wear one and do not -- and they don't have one with them.
Michael Van de Ven: So yes, this is Mike again. So we have -- so the MAX is a really good airplane. We've got a great price on the airplane. It's fuel-efficient, has got great engine performance. The engine costs are really good. And just in the long-term at Southwest Airlines, it will be in our best position to bring that airplane into the fleet. So we have a lot of flexibility with the Boeing order book. And right now, we have so many airplanes sitting on the ground, it doesn't make a lot of sense to bring additional airplanes in from Boeing. So we do have a lot of flexibility to shift orders down. But as Gary said, I do think that this is going -- the industry is going to rebound, and we're ultimately going to have -- need airplanes to fly in the fleet. And so we do want to bring the MAX on to the fleet. And if we need to early retire or manage the fleet by taking older airplanes out of the fleet, I think that's the best position for us to be in.
Michael Van de Ven: Leslie, this is Mike. Also, just -- I know that you know this, but just remember, the Boeing is not producing those airplanes today either. And so they don't have a production schedule between now and the end of next year, that they can even tell you exactly how many airplanes would be available. So that's part of the discussion with them about the order book. What is their production capacity, what do we need and how does that start to play together.
Michael Van de Ven: And David, this is Mike. And the distancing is just that -- I just want you to be aware, that's just one additional form of mitigation, but there are a lot of other things that are going on in the airplane. We've got a deep clean program of the airplane with those electrostatic misters and antimicrobial. So there will be no disease floating around on that airplane. We have -- we'll have -- everybody will have access to good personal hygienes with wipes or hand sanitizers and masks on board. And then I just don't want you to forget that everybody is sitting and facing in the same direction. We have very sophisticated building systems on the airplane. So it's not like those viruses just spread around the airplane. So I think the airplane environment is set up really well to be a pretty disinfected environment for our customers. And if we can go find a way to just enhance that a little bit with some social distancing, that's just additional goodness to it. And I think you'll see the same thing as you go through the airport with respect to the cleanliness of the facilities and then the availability for our employees and our customers to have exceptional personal hygiene in place as they go through that environment.
