Tammy Romo: Hi, Rajeev. I'd be happy to start with your question regarding RASM trends. So, I'll just walk you through the quarter a bit. So, just at the highest level, January and February RASM were slightly down and then March was slightly up, which got us to the roughly flat unit revenue comparison with about $15 million of benefit from Easter in March. So, April RASM adjusted for Easter is currently running in line with March, and as you think about the comparisons as we move forward in the quarter, we expect those to improve as a result of the increased competitive environment that we began experiencing in May and June of last year. And then of course as a reminder again, we'll continue to have the year-over-year benefit from the Chase agreement – at least through the second quarter here. So, again I think we're positioned very well here as we start second quarter, and I would just characterize the demand environment as solid. And so at this point just we're continuing to see the same sort of trends that we saw in the first quarter.
Tammy Romo: I think that's the one. Yeah, so it's always hard to predict further out in the year. Certainly, we're off to a good start here in the second quarter. And as you pointed out, the comparisons do become more difficult in the second half, because we lapsed the benefit of the Chase agreement.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Hunter, I'll be happy to help with that. Yeah, we are seeing strong growth in our other – just as a remainder of our – just so you know where the components of the benefit from our credit card fall, if you will – about – the net is the $124 million, and other revenues were increased by about, call it, $175 million, and passenger revenues were decreased by about $50 million. So, I'm not sure if you did your math exactly right there, but that's the split of the net roughly $125 million benefit from Chase. But we're continuing to see strong ancillary revenues. We had strong EarlyBird revenues but again aside...
Tammy Romo: I think so, again, just with the caveat of course that we'll lapse the benefit of the chase benefit in July.
Tammy Romo: Sure. We are just continuing to balance all the above. We, as I mentioned, we'll be completing our current share reauthorization here next month. So we'll be taking up that question with the board here very soon. But as you can tell from our outlook, we're expecting our cash flows to continue to be very healthy this year, and as we've mentioned a number of times, we expect our capital expenditures to be very manageable, and we're continuing to be very committed to return value back to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, but you'll just have to stay tuned in terms of what we might do beyond this most recent $200 million accelerated share repurchase.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And just the only other comment I would add just to kind of round out the discussion is just on our leverage. We've been managing to kind of low-to-mid 30% range, and we don't really have any plans to change that at least at this juncture.
Tammy Romo: No, not at all, Helane. So there's no concerns. Just based on our outlook and just our cost outlook and feel we're expecting healthy cash flows, and no concerns on the air traffic liability. Of course, you've got to take into considerations the Rapid Rewards impact of that. But when you adjust for that, there is nothing unusual going on there.
Tammy Romo: And one other just point on our air traffic liability. We've also seen that grow just simply because we're publishing our schedule out a little further. So there's a few things that are impacting that on a year-over-year basis.
Tammy Romo: To Bob's point and Gary's point, if I remember correctly that was about 27 airplanes. So, again, we believe this is all very manageable.
Tammy Romo: We're seeing California as strong and we're seeing just general strength across the network and as we've called out before, just we have had a high percentage of our markets under development over the last year. So, some of those markets that have come on more recently, those are ramping up, but no, general strength across the system.
Tammy Romo: No. We don't, but that's simply because of the – as a distortions that the impact of our Chase co-brand agreement has, because of the reclassifications resulting from just the accounting change of that, it's much more meaningful just to provide it at a RASM level. So you are correct, we're just providing guidance based on RASM.
Tammy Romo: I would just attribute that to, as we mentioned earlier in the call, we are continuing to see a very competitive environment, and I would characterize that as weak, but we've been offsetting that with a strong demand for our service. And so, that's netting to – we had a flat unit revenue performance in the first quarter and then as we've guided, we're expecting that to turn positive here in the second quarter based on our current trends. So, I don't know that I can specifically answer when we're going to see our yields turn positive, but what we really focus on of course is our unit revenues and our outlook for unit revenues is favorable here in the second quarter.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. And you can see that in our fares, our fares were down year-over-year by about $4 on average and that's even with an increased stage length. So, which supports the weak yield environment, but we've been generating record load factors and again offsetting that by strong demand.
Tammy Romo: I would characterize that as strong. We're seeing a growth in our corporate sales in the high single-digit percent range. So, I would characterize that our corporate bookings are strong, as well as our business mix, our business mix, we've seen really no change there that represents about a third of our passengers.
Gary C. Kelly: So I might take up the – unless you have any more questions on that Rajeev, I might take up the fleet question for a second. I think it is the usual suspects, they're available to us. We can tweak the utilization of the aircraft, which translates to a longer duty day of the airplane, I'm not sure that that's what we want to do, but that is an option. In other words, just flying later earlier and later in the day. We can search the used market for more 700s and we can – we'll have some options as you know by our fleet chart, we have options that can be exercised as well, which would translate to more – to be clear that would be more capital spending, that's not in Tammy's capital spending guidance that in other words, the capital spending guidance does not assume the exercise of any options to be clear. In no scenario that we've talked about would we bring in 50 more airplanes, and Mike (25:13), I don't recall exactly how many aircraft would be ultimately retired under the previous scenario, but I'm going to guess, it was around 30 that would've been retired in one step a 30-ish. So, the 50 is not quite as large as it might sound, although again that's a real number, but we were already going to retire a fair number of aircraft in 2018. So, as I said in the press release, this is all manageable, it's not preferable, but it's all manageable. And we're just not – the first thing that we wanted to share with all of our team and of course you all as well is that, that is going to happen that being the Classic retirement acceleration. Now, the company can go to work on translating that into maintenance programs for that fleet to now retire earlier, that will avoid some maintenance spending, as Tammy's already made clear. And then, we can explore other options as far as bringing either leased equipment in or exercising some options and spending a little bit more capital. But I think the other thing just to make sure that everybody is clear in their head on is that, our projected fleet at the end of 2018 is unaffected by any of this. So, you're simply talking about accelerating retirements from 2018 into 2017. And that makes this all for us a little bit easier and another reason, why we'll want to be thoughtful about bringing on more airplanes to replace that. So all of that is still an open question and as soon as we make some choices there, I am sure we'll be sharing those.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I read your note earlier, so I'm glad you asked me the question because one thing I wanted to clarify is this is not a shot, contrary to the way our industry has worked with employees in the past, that's not the way we do business here at Southwest, so.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, you know that, I just wanted to be sure that all of our listeners know that, but that's not what this is about. We're here to take care of our people and clearly accelerating this retirement is not going to be a good thing for our employees, this is not a bad thing, but we are not at war with our people, we're at war with our competitors, number one. With respect to whether it is negotiable, well, in that spirit, of course, we want to continue to work with the pilot union in particular to do what we can to keep our cost competitive and grow this airline, so that we can be as competitive as possible. I don't realistically see a scenario, Mike (28:57), where we can – I mean that's why we're sharing this today, it's not so much that it is a decision, I don't see that we have any choice because we have to begin to put plans into effect for training, maintenance and then if we are going to go out and try to mitigate the earlier retirement, we've got to get working on that and I'm sure that sooner than later, we want to make commitments there. So, as a practical matter, I think that's a done deal. And to be blunt, I just don't see SWAPA moving on their position regarding segmentation. So, as a practical matter, I think it's a done deal.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, great questions. Obviously, it is very important for us to maintain our low fare brand and our low fare brand is not negotiable. In order to have a business in a low fare brand, we have to have that supported by low cost. So, that's what the company was founded on 45 years ago and we're certainly not going to re-trade that. All these negotiations, they are complex, they take a long time and especially in light of the fact that we are in mediation where the mediator has asked us to maintain confidentiality about what is discussed, I know you don't expect me to go into any detail, but I certainly want to honor that request for confidentiality. But all of this just has to be addressed at the negotiating table, and with an eye towards rewarding our people, and compensating them handsomely, but doing that in a way where we maintain industry leading productivity and efficiency so that we sustain our low cost structure. So, what I can give you assurance on is that we have not wavered on our desire to achieve that goal, and we'll have to continue to work together with our union leadership to be able to live up to that.
Gary C. Kelly: No actually I feel like the Dallas Love Field operation is pretty much in line with what I would have expected except as I admitted to you all before, the rapid development of those markets and the full flights actually took me a little bit by surprise. I thought it would take us a while longer to produce the kind of results we have there. Tammy, I did glance this morning earlier, the returns out of Dallas are still right at system average, maybe just a hair below for the first quarter. So, simply meaning Hunter that it is, I would not call Dallas in development, clearly Bob is going to disagree and say there's certain markets that he wants to see better performance but overall as an entity, it looks really good. I've never noticed any remarkable difference in the O&D mix versus connects at Dallas versus any other place. Sounds like you've been studying this, but our intent would be to have Chicago, St. Louis, Phoenix, Baltimore, all of those very large operate – Houston, all of those very large operations look roughly the same. And I have not seen anything that says that it is remarkably different, and I certainly haven't seen anything so far to suggest that there is any disappointment whatsoever in Dallas.
Gary C. Kelly: There's a collection that your – I can't attest to your math either, but I am certain that we had a very strong growth in the "group" of ancillary revenue.
Gary C. Kelly: And I would think – I think your question was should that continue, Tammy, I would think that we would continue to see that.
Gary C. Kelly: Yeah. Feels like it will trend away from us. So in other words, it's higher today than it should be a year from now. I also think that there is quite a bit of art work that we're debating internally about how to define a development market. So, we're seeing really broad strength in our cities. And, Bob, I don't think we call an additional frequency in a market that's existing, we don't call that "development".
Gary C. Kelly: So I think the impact is likely larger than the point that Tammy shared with you. I think all of our folks agree with that. So we may be a little bit conservative and that may be a conservative outlook as a consequence of that. But the other thing is – not only is the existing maturing, but we're also slowing down the pace of stuffing in new, and that's all intentional. So we'll have a pretty conservative year here in 2016 in terms of incremental flying that's being added between now and the end of the year, and that will help as well. So the tailwind should exist all year long. I think it will begin to diminish roughly a year from now.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. The only thing that I would add to that very thorough answer is that obviously free cash flow is a very significant guardrail in the way we think about all this. And if you believe that our free cash flow is going to continue to grow, well then that just gives us more latitude to think about it. Likewise, if you're concerned that free cash flow may go the other way, well then that would influence us also. But it is very prominent in our thinking and the next step obviously is to wrap up the existing authorization, and then we'll revisit this question with the board.
Gary C. Kelly: I have to smile at Julie, because Bob Jordan is shaking his head, as you're talking about all these opportunities. He is lathering up here. I have to cool him off. I think we have a tactical challenge to work through a step down in the fleet in the late third quarter next year, I think, is the primary challenge. So by the end of the next year, by the end of 2018, we'll be back to our fleet plan. And we haven't given you a precise number there yet, so that's a little P plan. It's not etched in stone. But we'll work through all of that. In the meantime, it may affect a priority or two. It's a little premature to say. That's one of the reasons that we need to give our team this guidance now is because Bob Jordan and his commercial team are working right now on what the schedule will be in the fourth quarter of 2017, and they've got to know how many airplanes we're going to give them to schedule. So those are questions that we'll be immediately thrashing through. One thing that's a priority for next year that we won't waiver on is Fort Lauderdale completing the construction of the new international five-gate terminal and then following through the launch international flights there. So that will be a very high and hard priority for 2017 that we'll have to potentially work around as one example. But as I've said several times, I think that this is manageable and we can handle it, and we'll obviously get to work on it here. But, Bob, I don't see any change in priority because of that. (46:16), Bob...
Gary C. Kelly: We'll have hard decisions. And the thing that we've liked here in 2016, as a pretty vivid example, the plan that we had for this year did not include any new cities, and we will very likely have four as it turned out for 2016 with three Cuba cities and Long Beach. So it's nice to have that flexibility. Those four markets don't require a lot of aircraft time, but we did have enough in reserve where we could jump on those opportunities. So we may have to forego some things like that if they appear during that time period in 2017, 2018, but again we'll be able to manage and I don't think that this really impacts our strategy long-term.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't believe we have any new updates. It's first half of next year. I think a decent assumption, I think, that we've been sharing publicly is midyear but we don't have a precise date yet.
Gary C. Kelly: And then Fort Lauderdale, I think again it's a little bit premature to tell you exactly what our plans are, but they're not similar from what I've described at least in concept. It's another five-gate facility. Bob, off the top of my head, I don't recall exactly how many gates we have access to. I believe it's all five.
Gary C. Kelly: I think it's the same scenario as we have in Houston. So I'm going to guess that we have roughly the same 25 departure a day capacity there. And now Cuba, assuming that all gets approved, our request is to add flights out of Fort Lauderdale. So if we start Cuba flying this year, we'll already have some international flights even before the terminal opens, which was in our original plan. So Fort Lauderdale could ramp up faster than Houston has, I just don't know yet. It's a little bit premature to say.
Gary C. Kelly: No, there is nothing new there. Where it stands is the judge ruled and Southwest is in the process of appealing that ruling. So there is really no new news and nothing further to discuss on that. But I was just kind of curious by your cash flow question on air traffic liability. I'll bet you that it's just a timing of Easter. Where all...
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think so. Well, it's a very competitive environment and I'm very pleased with our results, especially in light of that. The comps are a little distorted because of the credit card deal and accounting change, but I will say, I think, Tammy, that consistent with what we're reporting on today, which are booking trends and revenue trends for April, there is nothing new to report there. So the trends are continuing; not better, not worse.
Gary C. Kelly: No, no. We have to have every pilot trained to sit in every cockpit. And so it's all or nothing is the way that this has been presented to us. Now we don't know exactly what training requirements Boeing and the FAA and Southwest would ultimately work out, but we can't wait that long to develop a training program and then get all of our pilots through it. So, no, there will be a day and one day we'll be flying 50 Classics and the next day we'll be flying zero.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. It will be a hard stop and so in reference to Julie's earlier question, that's really the task at hand is to figure out how to smoothly do that.
Gary C. Kelly: And I'm confident we can. It will be painful, but we'll try to at least seasonally it steps down post Labor Day. So we have less flying in September than we do early August anyway. So we'll manage it and there will be a little bit of pain, but hopefully, we'll be able to contain that and get over it and then about a year later, it'll all be behind us.
Gary C. Kelly: And I think Bob makes it – I'm so glad you mentioned that, because the point is, we have had practice at this and know how to do it. And I don't think the world knew a thing. We knew it internally. But we got through it and everything worked out just fine. So, I think, like I said, I think we can manage it and I'm not overly concerned about it.
Gary C. Kelly: ...among the four airports. So I think this will be really awesome. We'll be able to provide more flexibility to customers to go out of one airport and back to another. And if we can get more slots, we would love to do that.
Gary C. Kelly: So, our business is held up quite well, I think it would be fair to say that it's not as strong as it was, but it's still really strong. So I feel real good about that. But I agree with Tammy's first reaction, which is it's mostly a function of where we have developing markets. So I think our strength is very, very broad and very consistent across the U.S. And again, we're really pleased, we're pleased with our network. It's been under construction for years and the results look really good, revenue management has done a phenomenal job in a very competitive environment. And the marketing, I think is just – no one has asked us about it, but I think the marketing and the messaging has been absolutely superb, presenting Southwest competitive advantages in a very clear and colorful way. And they're going continue on that course and I think it's going to continue to drive strong revenues for us as well.
Gary C. Kelly: When it got confusing because of this new credit card deal, and it changed the accounting, and so it rendered the PRASM numbers irrelevant. But maybe one of these days, Tammy will get back to that.
Gary C. Kelly: You bet, Conor. No, we really don't have a comment on that. And we'll wait to see what the government approval process reveals and if there are assets that are for sale, we'll obviously do our duty and take a look at them, but otherwise I don't have any comment on that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we don't really compare ourselves to United, first of all. So, I don't know that I have an explanation. You might ask United that question, but we have had great success in Houston in particular over the past four years as we have been working with the city to reestablish international service at Houston Hobby. That generated a significant amount of grassroots support locally to convince the city to add that service, which we were very pleased with. What we had discovered at the time when we started this in 2012 is that the air fares, especially internationally out of Bush were extraordinarily high, double – in fact the air fares compared even to Chicago on the same airline to points south. So, I think what we've been able to do is build a brand new five gate terminal, and the City of Houston and the community are very excited about that. We've been able to add a lot of new flights at lower fares, and the community has been very excited about that. And our low costs are such that we can offer that very profitably. We have a decades long business built up in Houston, including connecting it to Midland, and we just have a real strong franchise there. We have a lot of loyal customers; we have a lot of Rapid Reward members. So, anywhere from a third to 40% of our customers fly on us on business. So, I can assure you it's not because we don't have business customers, we probably carry more business customers in the United States than any other airline. But I would just attribute it again to great service by our people, the great network that we offer, they are offering a great product, excellent on time performance. And we've really made a very significant investment in the community, and I think the community is appreciative of that.
Gary C. Kelly: I think the international component in fairness to your question is relatively small. I believe, Bob, we've got about 160 daily departures, so what, 5% of that would be international.
Gary C. Kelly: So it's small but it's new product, it's exciting, it causes people in Houston to take notice, and maybe to try Southwest when they haven't flown on us in a while, so there is a halo effect. If you look back, Bob, over a five-year time period, we've added quite a few new domestic nonstops as well. I want to say we have added Newark and LaGuardia, Boston.
Gary C. Kelly: And I'm sure there are more David that I just can't recall, but I guess the point is we are growing in Houston, we have made a very significant commitment, we're adding new product, where our people are doing a great job, and we just have a lot of momentum. So I don't know how that compares to our competitors in the market, but I don't sense that they have momentum.
Gary C. Kelly: So in other words, the yields are distorted year-over-year due to an accounting change and you can make a lot of sense out of that, I was redirecting you just to look at total revenues per available seat mile I think is a better way to evaluate our performance right now.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, yeah, I would say that the main thing that's happening, I don't know how much of the analyst call you listened to, but the main thing that's been happening over the course of the last 12 months is that we had grown aggressively in 2014 and 2015 and added a lot of new markets. So, let's call those developing markets. Those markets have begun to mature. And I think that addresses your question about capacity exceeding demand. So, virtually all of our markets now are performing well where we feel pretty good about the capacity that we have relative to the demand and the markets where we're continuing to see – which are very many, but those markets where we're seeing softness, they're the same corporates. So, they're mostly in that development stage, they're new, we're creating awareness with customers, trying to get people to fly us and that's all very, very expected. There are fewer of those today than there were a year ago.
Gary C. Kelly: The Boeing 737-8 is covered by our contract and we are working with Boeing to put that aircraft into service next year.
Gary C. Kelly: Boeing has told us and I believe they've stated publicly that they're comfortable with their contractual commitment, which with us is the third quarter of next year. There have been rumors that they might actually have the aircraft earlier and obviously we continued to have conversation with Boeing. But our plan, which we reiterated this morning with our Classic announcement is that we'll plan to put it into revenue service after Labor Day next year. So, we're anxious to get our hands on the airplane and put it through its proving runs and get all of our training done in advance of that, but that will be our plans. But as far as we know, so far, everything looks really good, looks like it's going to be a great airplane.
Gary C. Kelly: Yeah. So, let me be clear on that and Mike, I'll let you comment here too. The May information, the May date that we shared with you was relative to training for both the MAX and the Classic aircraft. Since we are now not going to be flying the Classic that vastly simplifies the training and we do know the training that's required for the MAX or the 737-8 I should say, and that training is very small and that is in development, but that will be done and ready well in advance of May of next year.
Gary C. Kelly: But it will be – the differences between the 737-8 and the 737-800 are very modest and we're very comfortable with that. We'll be ready and approved by the FAA and approved by Boeing.
Robert E. Jordan: No. No. Hunter, this is Bob. And thanks for the question. I think a couple of things, our Dallas performance is right in line with system as Gary said. Now, we built Dallas up in a series sort of tranches of adding flights and so some groupings of flights are more mature than others. So, I'll tell you that the last couple of groupings that we added which are obviously younger are continuing to develop and we'll see that I'm confident over time, so there's still room for improvement in Dallas, even though it is right at system average. On the traffic mix, just because Dallas is constrained, always remember, we would love to have more flights in Dallas than we can have. And so, because of that, we're always going to bias for local traffic more than we would in an unconstrained large city like a Chicago for example. So we do, because we could have more capacity in Dallas. Dallas will always I think slightly underweight the flow and connect traffic compared to what it could be if we were not constrained, because we've got to make room for local traffic which again there is more local traffic demand than we have room for at the gates and flights that we have in Dallas.
Robert E. Jordan: I agree with Gary. It's tactical. You've got a period of time where you have to manage our wants and our needs. A lot of what you mentioned, we're going to always pace our growth here. And so some of the things you mentioned are already in our sights 2018 or beyond anyway. So those are really unaffected because once you get into the mid-to-late 2018, we're sort of back to where we expected. So it's really just a short-term challenge, but it will be painful.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, Savi, the only other thing to add is the, because we have a lot of local traffic out of Houston, which is fantastic, we have probably even more flow and connect than we expected, which is also fantastic. So we're really happy. It's right on what we expected. Fort Lauderdale and Houston there will be some synergy. When Fort Lauderdale opens, because you will have flight schedules that work together, because it's also a gateway. So you will have customers that connect over Fort Lauderdale that could potentially have a return flight that connects over Houston. So they will actually complement each other in terms of the schedule for folks who are connecting in those airports. So that's a great thing as well. So the Fort Lauderdale will help Houston and Houston will help Fort Lauderdale.
Robert E. Jordan: David, I think a way to think about it is, when we put the last AirTran aircraft down at the end of 2014, we put them down in a lump and we began a new schedule the next day and that is exactly the way we're going to manage this.
Robert E. Jordan: Well, I think we're ecstatic to get a foothold into Long Beach here. So we had no avenue for a long time. And so just to be able to have a modest schedule to Oakland is great. The airport interacts really well with our other LA area service. So we don't feel like there will be a cannibalism or anything like that. So I think this will really be new traffic for us. Obviously there are constraints. We'd love to have more flights over time. I don't see a case where we would add dozens and dozens of additional flights, but if we could get another two, another four over time, I think that would be wonderful because I think the traffic is there. Our bookings look good. We're really happy with the traffic build so far and we're looking forward to starting service.
