Gary C. Kelly: Marcy, thank you very much. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report a strong second quarter earnings performance, and we had record earnings, record earnings per share, record revenues. The first half results are records as well. As with a year ago, we produced very strong operating and net margins and strong returns on capital. Our cash flow from operations was also very strong, and we were able to repurchase $251 million worth of stock, as well as quadrupling the quarterly dividend. The domestic economy was worse than what we had assumed in our second quarter plan. And really, that's for the fourth year in a row. Fuel prices were nicely below plan and that provided a nice offset at least. So to start with, I want to thank all of our employees for a very strong quarterly performance. I also want to thank them for the tremendous progress that we're making on our strategic plan and especially our 5 strategic initiatives. So just to mention those very quickly, as we have outlined in the press release, we're on track with our AirTran integration. We've got the networks connected. We've got city conversions well underway and aircraft conversions well underway. And the retirement of the Boeing 717s began this next month, also as planned. As far as our All-New Rapid Rewards program that we've rolled out in 2011, we're continuing to see very strong results and a very strong performance from that new program. On the 737-800 front, we have 43 of those units on hand in the fleet as of the end of the quarter, on track to hit 54 by the end of the year. They are performing as expected, producing higher than system load factors, which is a real tribute to our scheduling. And for the quarter, they were a meaningful profit contributor, also ahead of our plan. Next, we have our fleet modernization initiatives, which, for the second quarter, was principally the Evolve retrofit on the -700s and the -300s. And that was also a very significant contributor and also ahead of plan. So all told, the fleet modernization initiatives, along with the -800s, contributed $89 million of incremental revenue in the quarter. And then finally, our initiative to implement a new reservation system, beginning with international reservations technology, continues. It is right on track and planned for implementation in 2014. We have a major technical milestone on that project this fall, and I suspect we'll provide a more in-depth update on the project at that point. The only 2013 project that is off track is our O&D revenue management system. Technology was delivered on time as planned, but the results from that new product are not what we really want and need. So we're redirecting that effort and still expect to drive a significant benefit, but not until we have a revised approach with that in 2014. So having said all that, again, the economy has been worse than what was assumed in our plan. That has impacted our performance, and it may continue to, and that simply reinforces our very careful outlook with regards to capacity and fleet expansion. We lowered our expectations regarding 2014's available seat miles, for example. We have significant opportunities to grow the network after next year, with the repeal of the Wright Amendment and the introduction of international capabilities. And of course, those opportunities are in Dallas and in Houston and really to all points in North America. So our financial priorities continue, and they are to achieve and sustain a minimum of 15% pretax return on invested capital, reduce our balance sheet leverage and maintain investment-grade credit ratings, maintain a total liquidity, on average at least, of $3.5 billion, including our line of credit, and of course, continue to enhance shareholder value. So with that very quick overview, I'd like to turn it over to Tammy Romo.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. Thanks for the question. I -- well, first of all, I guess, just taking some of your thoughts in reverse, I wouldn't agree that it's weighing on Southwest any different than anybody else. There's a long string of years, including most of the 4-year period that I was referring to in terms of the economic sluggishness where we outperformed the rest of the industry. And I think Tammy mentioned in the way that you're thinking about how we compare right now, just make sure that you take into account the increase in the seats per departure that's going on right now. So that's a good 4% to 5% increase and creates at least an arithmetic drag on RASM comparatively. So the only point of all of that is, I don't see that we're out of step at all with the industry. If anything, over the last 5 years, we've outperformed. With respect to what secular changes might be taking place right now, I don't know that I really see anything going on there. At least what we can report to you is that our trends were very solid and stable on unit revenue growth perspective, dating back to, I would call it, September as a starting point and all the way through most of February. And then we were off of our sequential trends, taking into account seasonality and the timing of Easter holidays, et cetera, beginning in March, and we really haven't regained a trend relative to that previous period since. Now we've seen some encouraging signs here in July. But Tammy, I don't know that I would say that July, relative to June, is a lot better than our normal June to July trend over history. So it's -- even though we're seeing a nice comp to a year-ago July, it's not like the June, July trend is spectacular. I think the weakness is twofold. I think it's both in the government/business travel segment, as well as consumers. So we had a record monthly load factor for the month of June at 85%. But Bob Jordan and his team had us on sale quite a bit to drive that traffic. So I guess the bottom line, John, is no, I don't think there's anything that's all that's unique going on here. I think relative to a longer-term comparison, maybe 10 or 20 years, there's no question that the traffic in short-haul markets is less today than it used to be. So I think that's probably the only thought that comes to mind about a secular change. And I'm not ready to predict that the short-haul markets won't show improvement in the next decade. But clearly, the growth within the airline business over the last decade has been in longer-haul trips, which is why we are pivoting more at Southwest towards longer versus short trips. And the medium-haul markets, sort of around 1,000 miles, interestingly enough, are relatively flat over the past 10 to 15 years. So absent that, which I would attribute more to increased fares because of increased fuel costs, I don't really see anything going on right now that would suggest some dramatic change. We've got the federal sequestration and other debt ceiling fight looming, and I think we've all got to be very mindful of that and assessing what happens to air travel demand. So all of that uncertainty, along with higher taxes this year, I don't think it's any shock. As you said, I don't think it's -- actually, we weren't shocked that the GDP was weaker. Our point was simply that we built a -- an annual plan. We have to make assumptions, so we made an assumption about the economy. We made an assumption about fuel prices. And one of those is a good guy and one of them is a bad guy relative to our plan.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't know, John. Again, I don't know that I'd buy that, at least in 2013. Maybe that argument made more sense in 1975. But fares aren't cheap for a lot of Americans. And so -- even though we're a low-cost, low-fare carrier and that could be where a lot of the short-haul traffic has gone. So we're the largest airline in America by a wide margin, so we have a very broad appeal across the United States. And I just don't see the argument that our customers are more price-sensitive. By that definition, we -- I think you would see a lot more volatility in our traffic. We can get the traffic as we can prove. We grew our available seat miles 3%, and we filled them up there in June. So I think bottom line, no. Now in a more macro sense, we -- you and we know that we're a low-fare brand, and we work harder to be lower than everybody else. And close to the majority of the time, that's going to be the case when people shop for Southwest Airlines. But those are still fares that -- they're just not as low as they used to be for all the reasons that we know.
Gary C. Kelly: I think that one's easy. I think because we're a -- we start with serving our customers and think of ourselves as a low-fare brand, clearly, we want to be the lowest fare going. I think all of us would admit, if you ask Mike Van De Ven, our operator who's sitting here, he would say it's certainly easier to manage an operation when the airplanes aren't quite as full. But that -- I think that's probably overthinking it a bit, and clearly, we want to be the low-fare brand with the best customer service. So we like full airplanes.
Gary C. Kelly: No, no. I'd -- and again, my disappointment is in the economy. The -- in terms of what -- I think we would be comfortable sharing, for competitive reasons, the markets that are in more of a transition from AirTran through some step process into Southwest. Those are the ones that are in more development. So if you think about the Atlanta, Baltimore, Milwaukee where there's a lot of change taking place, those markets are not performing as strong as markets that aren't affected by that kind of transition. That's very clear. The other thing that I would mention is that, and we've shared this before, the government travel, which is defined -- I'm defining as a customer flying on the government fare, so it's something that we can readily identify, that traffic is down dramatically. And Bob, I think you said as much as 50% at times. So I think a rule of thumb, Helane, would be down 35%. So there are markets where we do see some weakness along the East Coast where you can sense that there's a lot of the military or government travel beyond what we can actually track on the fare, and that does seem to support that. But I think we all know that sequestration is real. I spend a lot of time in Washington and they are definitely managing through cuts. And beyond that, I would say that the regions look pretty consistent across the country.
Gary C. Kelly: I've got a lot of thoughts on that. First of all, the stock is up nicely in a 1-year period, so there has been a move. Pinpointing it to the cause is probably multiple reasons for that. But number one, the stock has performed over the last 12 months. We're managing our balance sheet. We're managing our liquidity. And it is a -- what you're saying is true. It's a testament to the strength of the -- the financial strength of the company. And through the toughest of times, we've been able to repurchase how many shares over the past 5 years? 100 million? I mean, there is a significant amount of shareholder value that's been created. And Helane, again, when you say that, you look at our valuation relative to our peers, and the valuation is still very strong at Southwest Airlines. So I wouldn't conclude that we're not being rewarded. And it's just a matter of -- as to our shareholders being rewarded enough. We do have a $1.5 billion share repurchase. We've done about 2/3 of that so we've got about $500 million to go. I think all that is in the release, maybe it's $525 million or so.
Gary C. Kelly: Right, so we've got $0.5 billion plus to go. We have, as you know, we have increased the dividend in 2 steps. We've been paying a dividend at Southwest since the 1970s. We've stepped it up about -- I think we've doubled it last year. I know we've quadrupled it this year. So the yield is very respectable. It's over a point, somewhere in the 1.2, 1.3 range. But -- so that's just the background to your question. I think the answer specifically is we're going to continue to monitor both of those, and with the primary focus being on hitting our return on capital. We're being very aggressive in the way we're managing the invested capital of the company on the denominator side and have some very nice opportunities here to modernize the fleet and still access the preowned market, which is just a lot more capital efficient these days. Plus we'd love to take new deliveries from Boeing once the MAX is available. So all those levers are being monitored and pulled where we can. And like Tammy summarized, I think we're making outstanding progress. And I think our folks are doing a great job on all those fronts.
Gary C. Kelly: Mike, I think one of the challenges that we were warned about is that our O&D combinations are -- they're not infinite, but they are so great and so complex compared to a hub and spoke carrier, that -- and we're finding this. We're finding that we're just not certain yet that, that aspect of this technology will prove to be better than what we've got. But like Bob was saying, there are some wonderful pieces of the technology that will prove to be beneficial and will be deployed. And whatever Tammy say is that we think the value is still what we have hung our hat on here, which is, I think, $100 million.
Gary C. Kelly: It just won't come now until we take a little bit different approach with the deployment of the system, and the benefits simply get deferred to 2014.
Gary C. Kelly: We may be able to get 80% of the benefit, in other words, without going full up on O&D. But anyway, we're working through that and I'm -- what you haven't had happen is the Classic airline bust by moving to the new system. So we haven't done that, and obviously, I'm very pleased about that.
Gary C. Kelly: All I meant there -- no, no, I was talking about the international system and that we have a major technical milestone related to that this fall. And I think that would be an appropriate time for us to consider a more robust update for you all. Right now, we haven't told you a whole lot about the system or about when things will be sold and flown, et cetera, and it's just a little bit premature for that. But we're making good progress, right along our time line. If we meet that milestone in the fall, it will obviously be up to Tammy, but that's the next major event with that project.
Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Hunter. I think, no. I'll just again kind of take your points in reverse. No, we're not experimenting. I think what we are -- well, simply, what we're doing is managing 2 different brands on this -- during this transition period until we can ultimately fold AirTran into Southwest. Now having said that, I would agree with the direction of your thought, which is there are things to be learned by having a different brand and having fees. And clearly, we're trying to make those -- provide those insights and make those assessments and judgments while we have AirTran operating separately. The other noise though, Hunter, that's taking place during this year is we've now connected the networks. And if you -- because of the Southwest brand and the no fees approach, if you do -- would have -- if you understand it, I'm sure you do, the code-share. So on the marketing carrier side of this, we don't charge those fees. So you do have AirTran itineraries booked through Southwest where there are no bag fees any longer. And that is really distorting the -- you don't have a clean laboratory environment here to evaluate the revenue potential from a bag fee, in fairness to your question. Now trying to go back in time a bit and evaluate AirTran performance with fees versus Southwest performance without, there's no question that the Southwest without approach has been superior. And that was one of the main value drivers in acquiring AirTran in the first place, is that they underperform on a revenue basis compared to Southwest, and that's certainly proved to be true since we've owned them.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, the -- first of all, I think we did about $5 million in revenues, and that doesn't speak to the cost of providing the WiFi during the quarter. So there's a $5 million revenue benefit, and that was a significant increase from a year ago, although again, it's still a relatively small number. And so it speaks to the point, which is the take rates are still are pretty modest. The live -- our TV offering is a promotion, so we are not telling you that it is free into infinity. And that is a partner arrangement that we have with DISH. So it is obviously intended to drive trial and the television product is awesome. So I think we're hopeful that people will try it and like it. And we're not speaking today as to whether or not it will be free into infinity or even in to 2014 for that matter. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Gary C. Kelly: Sure. No, I won't answer the question about Atlanta specifically as to how it's performing. However, I will certainly tell you that it is very much in development and transition. So we have taken steps to begin the de-hubbing process and that is sometimes painful to work through because you cut off flow, as you well know. And then Bob has already published a schedule for November, which takes that final step, if you will, in AirTran to move the flight activity to be throughout the day rather than concentrated into 2 major banks. And so there is sort of a complete un-hubbing at that point. We still have a lot of connecting passengers, but it will be a shift to much more heavily weighted towards nonstop passengers. So our capacity plans are pretty well-known, I think, Bob, based on that. And what we will do with Atlanta after that will be dependent upon the results, obviously. But -- so I can't -- at this point, I'm not really ready to handicap whether the flight activity goes up, down or stay the same. But at least with this initial step that we're taking in November, the total flight activity, Bob, is what...
Gary C. Kelly: And makes it very consistent with where we are in Denver, where we are in Phoenix. That's quite a bit larger than where we are in Dallas and actually even Houston, which is an original city also. So that's a lot of flights, and I think it will have a much improved schedule here beginning in November.
Gary C. Kelly: I wouldn't accept any of that. I think that in terms of having an interim code-share or a network connection for the vast majority of our customers, what we offer works just fine. As per usual, when we have irregular operations, in other words, flight delays or cancellations which happen infrequently, then it is more challenging. But on the whole, it's worked out extremely well. So no, we're not losing any more bag -- I mean, it is an undetectable effect of the issues that we have, understanding that every day we have delays and cancellations and bag challenges. So there are a few more with this interim product, but nothing of anything that concerns us. And yes, there has been some media attention to that lately. But again, that is a very, very few number of customers that are affected.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think Atlanta has opportunities to improve. It is not optimized today, nor is BWI or Milwaukee or Orlando, which are the 3 other major overlap points. So all of those markets, as we continue to optimize the schedule and transition flights out of the old AirTran approach into a new Southwest approach, we'll probably have some risk that in the short term, those markets will take a dip, especially if it's a new city pair that -- in other words, just because we're switching flights from AirTran to Southwest doesn't mean it's the same flight. It could be a brand-new city pair, and we could be discontinuing a city pair that AirTran had. So it may take a dip, and we see that as new developing market. But our expectation is that they're going to develop very quickly, and that's what we were referring to in the press release.
Gary C. Kelly: We probably ought to let you just work with IR on that as time goes by here, too, because I think there are a couple of moving parts. But the seats are the big things that's different, and I don't think it's immaterial here. I mean, it's a point or 2 effect on RASM. So it -- and I'm talking about within Southwest RASM, so it is comparing, for example, second quarter '13 versus second quarter '12. But it also distorts somewhat the comparison between our RASM change compared to the industry. So there's a couple of thoughts there. Now I think what Investor Relations could help you with is how does that ongoing year-over-year seat density, to use that term, how does that play out over the next couple of years? And we can certainly do that. But you're going to continue to see an increasing mix of 800s. You've pretty much got the full up effect of converting to the Evolve seats. But remember now, we're just now going to start retiring 717s and replace those with 20 more seats in terms of 737s. So this is going to play out over a while. Having said all of that, what we're seeing so far in July is 3% unit revenue gains, and we feel pretty good about that. And the other thing to take into account, and Tammy made this point, is that, yes, there's a RASM effect. But just because the arithmetic shows that, doesn't mean it's a bad thing because there's also a CASM benefit, and we're very confident that we're seeing a margin expansion because of the up-gauging. And that's the important thing to note. So I just need to make sure you got them both working in tandem in the way you model. And the good news is we're seeing really, really strong RASM, especially considering that kind of a drag.
Gary C. Kelly: And I can tell you understand all this very well. But just to make sure we're not confusing anybody else, as to the question from a business perspective of whether up-gauging the fleet is working and oh, yes, I mean, we've got more than ample evidence that, that is the fact. The -- as I mentioned, the 800s, we're filling those extra seats. And we're filling the 800s at a higher rate than our normal system average. So we can tell you exactly what revenue was generated on the 800s. And then the same is true for the 700 Evolve aircraft. My recollection is, Tammy, we've added -- you know, David, that we've added 6 seats per aircraft and I believe that we filled 3.6 seats out of those 6. And it's virtually -- the incremental cost of that is virtually nil.
Gary C. Kelly: So the business side of it, the profit side of it is all there, it's just how you measure some of these metrics on a per available seat mile basis. It can get a little distorted, which sounds like you understand perfectly.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, I know. And I think just when we shared that with you, I'm not sure. But there -- Tammy is reminding me. There are 78 300s that we consider to be eligible for the Evolve seating just based on the time that we intend to keep them before retirement. And we've retrofitted 14 of those with 64 to go.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that's a fair question and I -- but I think, really, your first statement is the most appropriate, which is it's really hard to think about these pieces in a disconnected way. I mean, the whole organism has to -- it takes everything for it all to hold together here, and I think that's a very fair assessment. There's definitely an impact on the revenue performance at Southwest and everybody else from the economy. So we're not out of line with everybody else. Relative to thinking about these baselines, Bob Jordan and I were talking about this earlier this morning. Baseline -- nothing ever stays the same. So whether you're comparing us to brand x or brand y, everybody is continuing to do things plus or minus to themselves in addition to what's going on with the water level. So I would agree that all that's hard to piece apart. We know that there are some penalties in our current route system that are being incurred because we're still suboptimized. It's more visible to us today, in other words, than it was last October for the second quarter where we are underperforming in certain markets. And also, we actually have a fairly large number of brand-new markets which I would put into the developing category, and we're expecting them to develop rapidly. So those, Jamie, are some of the offsets, if you will, to all the good guys that we've been listing. But it all falls into the same description of we need to continue to take this combined route network and optimize it. So the base business, if you think about same-store sales where we get all the noise out, our same-store performance looks quite good. So I would actually take it in reverse. If we didn't have all this noise, gosh, we would have really good results. But in any event, we're very confident that these new markets that we've established -- Bob, what is an example of a new city pair? Just so Jamie knows what we're talking about here.
Gary C. Kelly: We're now going to Baltimore. So that Flint to Baltimore is brand new to all of us. And that is a -- we have to treat it like a new market and we expect it to develop very rapidly.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I've answered your question. So it's very -- it's a fair one. We have a lot of things going on that are good, and we have some things that are offsets, and we also have the economic drag. But that's the answer. And in fact, we have a lot more new markets under development right now than I think any of us would like. But we want to get this transition done obviously and get to a point with the route network that is productive. So if they don't perform, we'll simply continue to make those adjustments and eliminate the flights that don't perform in lieu of better market opportunities. And what that also ties directly into is that we need to be very mindful of our capacity plans for 2014, and we do have a more cautious outlook for 2014 based on current results.
Gary C. Kelly: Terry, great questions. I just can't talk about any of that at this point. So we're obviously very pleased and very thankful that there were no serious injuries. I was very proud of the response that our folks had in safely evacuating the aircraft. The first responders in New York did a fantastic job, as did the Southwest employees in New York. So I can speak about that. But anything about the situation or the incident, I just can't talk about. NTSB, obviously, is, as usual, leading this investigation. We're in full support of that. We should have a lot of information and data to get all the facts that make good judgments about whatever we need to do, if anything, to make changes going forward.
Gary C. Kelly: Kelly, I think it's premature. I think what has happened since we've acquired AirTran in '11 until now is we have seen a significant increase in nonstop traffic, and we've been very pleased with that. The change that you're referring to though is more material, and the schedule doesn't start flying until November.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, absent macro factors, no. The -- actually, I've been very pleased with the Atlanta response up to this point. I think it's been terrific. And we just got to work our way through the transition to a different style of flight schedule. And obviously, we've put forth a meaningful marketing effort locally, and I would want that to continue. So I think we have a great opportunity there. I think we've been very warmly embraced by the community and just looking forward to the day where it's all fully integrated into Southwest Airlines. So that will -- we're right on track with that. It's going to take us until the end of next year, but very much looking forward to that, and I have very high hopes for the Atlanta market.
Tammy Romo: Helane, I wanted to make sure you have all the numbers that you were wanting there. Just to summarize real quickly, under our $1.5 billion authorization, we're at $976 million, which is 100 million shares. And over the last 5 years, we're at 220 million shares.
Tammy Romo: That's right. And one other thing, just a note to -- in response to your question, Hunter. We did, as you pointed out, we did lighten our fuel hedge for the third quarter to 80%. And with that move, we locked in a $0.01 gain, which is, of course, reflected in the guidance that we gave you.
Tammy Romo: Well, what we have here in 2013, we haven't given you 2014's, but just as a benchmark, we're about $0.5 billion here in 2013. We'll confirm that out for you later this year.
Tammy Romo: Yes. The only thing I would add on the run rate for RASM is, as Gary mentioned, the impact of the increase in seats per trip probably had about a 1- to 2-point RASM impact here in the second quarter. It's probably closer to 2. And in the second half, I think that would soften a bit simply because we had some up-gauging in the second half of last year. So it should ease a bit as we go in the second half, but there will be still some impact.
Tammy Romo: Sure, I'll be happy to. Yes. And a part of it is, of course, we are retiring our Classic fleet as part of our fleet modernization efforts. And as a result of that, we are seeing fewer engine repair costs. Those are accounted on, as Gary said, on a time and materials basis. So a lot of that is just timing of when the engines fall in the quarter. So we had a little bit lighter spending this year versus last year. But I think those were the primary drivers.
Robert E. Jordan: Mike, the O&D system is really a couple of things. There's a new forecaster, so that's the ability to provide better data on just demand, and that piece is going really well. We're seeing at least what we expected or maybe even a little better in terms of having better data to predict the demand, and then therefore, obviously managing that better and producing a better result. So that's going very well. The second piece is then using that data to now manage, as Gary said, the flight demand on an O&D basis versus a segment basis, so use the new system to manage the inventory buckets and all that. That's a piece that's a lot trickier, and there's a lot of science in it. And we've got a number of dates that are being run by the new system. And we just want to watch across the demand curve, be a little cautious here and make sure that the new system is managing the inventory buckets and at the end of the day, producing a better result than our current system. A lot of what it's doing is validating that the current system is pretty darn good, but I've got confidence that the new system will be even better. We just want to be cautious here because there's a lot at stake. And we've got a number of days in test. And so I do expect a modest benefit here in 2013 and then the full benefit we've talked to you about before in 2014. So I expect this fall we'll see those test dates prove up and then we'll move into a broader implementation here late this year and early in 2014. But the larger driver of the value, actually, the better forecaster and that part is going very, very well.
Robert E. Jordan: That's exactly right. We're really first primarily point-to-point carrier trying -- making the move to an O&D system. So it's -- it is very complicated.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, our schedule is this fall in the 165 to 170 flights a day, which is not significantly different than what we've had in the market for a while now. What's different again, as Gary mentioned, is the type of schedule. So we're moving to much better local timings rather than a hub structure that has a lot of flights late in the day and very early in the morning. So it should be much better for the local market. But the overall flight schedule on that 165 to 170 is not a lot different than what we've had for quite a while in Atlanta now.
Robert E. Jordan: Well, we've got a mix of markets that are new, again, as Gary mentioned before, coming from AirTran and then a mix of markets that are new to Southwest Airlines. A good example is adding -- routing this Houston-DCA route here.
Robert E. Jordan: We fully expect, particularly with this deal in the connecting network we've got behind Baltimore, that the Flint -- that Flint route will do very well because you've got so many additional places you can connect to, but it does. Again, it's a new market because folks in Flint have to learn that they can -- that that's the schedule they have to...
