Gary C. Kelly: Thank you very much, Marcy, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter 2014 earnings. We're very pleased with the second quarter performance. I'd like to point out a list of things before Tammy takes us through the financial results. First of all, I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work, for successfully transforming Southwest Airlines, for these stellar earnings results and then for the historic year of 2014 that they are managing. Second, the quarterly results include significant planned benefits from our all-new Rapid Rewards program, the AirTran acquisition and our fleet modernization. We would not have these results without these initiatives. Third, the network optimization over the last 5 years has paid off handsomely, supported, of course, by our strategic initiative, but we have significant market strength across our route network. It is very impressive. It's very encouraging. And while we have a very large percentage of the network under development, almost 20%, unlike a year ago, it's not a significant drag on our performance. And we've got reason to believe that this segment will mature rapidly. Fourth, the cost control efforts, which is essentially our fleet modernization initiative, is working very well, producing fuel efficiency, as well as nonfuel efficiencies. Fifth, we have a number of large nonroutine programs and projects that are being managed. Several become final this year, International, the repeal of the Wright Amendment and the completion of the AirTran integration. Let me just go through each of those very quickly. First, we've finished and launched international right on schedule. That is a very key milestone for wrapping up the AirTran integration. There are probably thousands of people to thank for what has been a flawless effort to get international up and running for Southwest Airlines. And I am very grateful to them all, but in particular, our technology department and their leadership on this project. The repeal of the Wright Amendment is now 88 days away. The schedule's out for sale. It is a superb schedule. The airport construction is close to completion. The airport is also working superb, and our marketing and advertising is in full swing and it is superb. We've got more surprises planned for the fall. It will be a joyous celebration after 35 years of restrictions at Dallas Love Field. And then finally, we are right on track to move airplanes and people out of AirTran and into Southwest by year end, to convert the remaining airports and routes from AirTran to Southwest by year end and then retire the AirTran brand and the few remaining Boeing 717s that we'll have by year end. And of course, that's a lot of work that I just ticked through, and our people are doing a superb job of managing all of that. Sixth, we are continuing to generate very strong cash flow, allowing us to reduce debt, reduce outstanding shares, return value to shareholders with LUV at a lifetime high. We've got a $1 billion-plus share repurchase authorization to continue returning value to our shareholders, along with our quarterly dividend. And that was just increased by 50% by our board in our main meeting. And then finally, our third quarter earnings outlook is strong. That, of course, is at this point in time. We'll continue to closely monitor our results and our outlook, the economy and fuel prices as we now contemplate reasoned and measured available seat mile growth beginning in 2015. And our immediate priority with growth is, of course, Dallas Love Field, number one; and then secondly, Washington Reagan. That is as we begin to operate and fly the slots that we acquired from American earlier this year for Washington Reagan. And our focus will be reliable, excellent operations, outstanding customer service and consistent, strong profits, which means a return on invested capital of at least 15%. And as planned, we've got tremendous growth opportunities that have been enabled beyond 2014. And that really is a remarkable change since just 2010. And all of that is a wonderful thing. But those opportunities will have to be prioritized, and they'll have to be pursued in a manner that allows us to achieve our annual goals. And again to repeat those, it is excellent, reliable operations; it is outstanding customer service and consistent profits at our target -- targeted ROIC of at least 15%. So Tammy, with that overview, I'd like to turn it over to you. And congratulations, Ms. Romo, on a wonderful quarter
Gary C. Kelly: I think there's 2 -- really 2 aspects to answering your question. One is just customer behavior. And you're right, even if we don't change our 180-day -- and your rule of thumb there is right, it's about 6 months out. Even if we don't change that, I suspect that we'll start seeing more bookings out farther on our booking curve. Secondly, with the new reservation system that we're working on, that won't be in place for 2015. And we haven't given a timeline for that yet, Tammy, I don't think.
Gary C. Kelly: So really, we'll be -- we don't want to change our current reservation system capabilities, it's not worth it. So it will be a year or more before we'll have the capabilities to realistically extend the bookings. I think there's more to it than just adding the reservation system capability. That's a long time to put a schedule out. And as you know, the rest of the industry goes in and makes changes to it. And we typically have not done that. So that would be somewhat of a policy/procedure change that we would need to think through as well. So we agree with everything you said, that as we go longer and go more international, that there will probably be more demand for bookings further out. And that's something that we'll have the capabilities in the future to choose to do or not. But at this point, I don't think we've made a firm commitment one way or the other.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'm not sure until we follow on your question. So with the Southwest route network, we don't have any restrictions anywhere. And there are -- every seat, every flight, every -- obviously, every destination has access online. And then you've got the opportunity to buy seats offline with our Rapid Rewards program. I think our programs are fantastic. It's the -- by all measures, it is better than the other program. We've got record levels of membership and all the things that I know you know. So in terms of people being dissatisfied with how they can you use their rewards on the Southwest system, no, we don't get that at all. If we ever do choose to serve Hawaii, I'm sure they'll be delighted to have that. But in the meantime, they've got some wonderful Southwest destinations, which, Hunter, one way or the other, they're going to continue to get more attractive as we expand beyond the 48 states. Mike Van De Ven does have some of the -800s equipped with ETOPS. We have work to do to fly to Hawaii, which I doubt we'll be able to keep a secret. So you'll know when we've made that commitment when we decide that. And it will take us not years from start to finish, but it'll take us some time to actually activate that. Hawaii is 1 of 50 potential destinations that we now have created. And it'll just have to compete priority-wise with the other great opportunities that we have. So I've realize your question wasn't specifically about Hawaii. The only thing that I noticed, Tammy, looking at the utilization of the awards, which was interesting to me is that the growth we've seen in the award usage over the past 5-plus years is actually taking place more in short-haul markets. And in the old days, our program was oriented towards rewarding people for flying short, and then they would use the award to fly long. So interestingly enough, the growth in utilization is actually more in the short-haul markets. But I don't think we've got any complaints whatsoever at this point with our new program. It's working very well.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we've been working on this, John, for years so there's no surprise with where we are. I think it is simply counting dots that have simply been created by adding the 737-800 and international capabilities, also propelled by the AirTran acquisition that makes these potential destinations available to us. They were not available to us in 2010 was the main point I was trying to illustrate. We won't go add 50 dots to the route map next year. The 50, as I'm describing it to you, they are all beyond the 48 states. So there's nothing new. It's Hawaii, Alaska, Canada, the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America and the northern part of South America. Those are all within the performance capabilities of the 737. And they all at least look sufficiently attractive when it comes to the traffic potential and filling up the 737. So it's a wonderful place to be, and whether we'll ultimately serve all 50 destinations is not guaranteed or committed to. It's just the fact that those are opportunities, there's a number of them and we'll have to prioritize according to, fundamentally, what's the next best opportunity for traffic and revenue and profits. It'll be a little complicated by the fact that in some cases, we'll need to add capabilities to the aircraft like ETOPS. So that has to be factored in. Or in the case of Mexico, in particular, you have to apply for route authorities, and then we'll have to do that on a strategic and the tactical basis as well. But it's a nice -- as I said in my remarks, it's a wonderful thing, and it's just nice to be able to have a number of opportunities to choose from.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, and it -- that's just the way our domestic route map has developed. After the AirTran acquisition, we added 17 more domestic destinations to the Southwest route map. And as you look at the route map, we cover the top 50 with one exception. So the -- we know and you know that our opportunities to add dots or destinations in the 48 states is rather limited. So absolutely, the opportunities to grow in terms of destinations is beyond the 48 states. Now let me quickly clarify that there are numerous opportunities to grow within the 48 states among the destinations that we currently serve, connecting dots, additional frequencies, Wright Amendment and -- or, well, rather Dallas Love Field and Washington Reagan being 2 prominent and easy examples there. But additional thoughts will be beyond the 48 states most likely.
Gary C. Kelly: I think it's to be determined. I think that we have a real high class problem, which is we have far more places that we would like to serve than we'll have airplanes and we'll make those judgments tactically based on, again, the inputs that I've described to you. But we'll -- one would assume that if we have mature markets that have growth opportunities that, that would probably compete for a top priority spot. But again, there's no reason for us to make that commitment at this point. And we'll just have to manage this in a very measured way year-to-year and with the annual objectives in mind of running a great operation, offering outstanding customer service and hitting our return on invested capital target. And those are going to be the guidepost in determining how we grow and how fast we grow.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think, yes. I mean, in other words, every opportunity is going to have to meet the 15% threshold, and if the risks are higher, well then, they'll have to be factored in.
Gary C. Kelly: Helane, I probably won't add anything to what Tammy has already said, but just for a little color, and this is a huge shout out to all of our folks in our training departments, flight operations, and then all of the rest of our operating groups, they're doing a phenomenal job. We have record training events occurring in 2014. So in other words, in the first half costs that you already have seen, we have an unusually large amount of training underway. And that will continue through the balance of this year. And I agree with Tammy, by the time you get into 2015, we'll be back more to normal, although I think, Mike [ph], there's probably some front end, maybe 2 months of 2015, where we'll have heavy training events. But the other point to make here is that you have a lot of aircraft and a lot of employees "out of service" in 2014 and we're still producing strong results. Well, those airplanes effectively come back into service next year as they get through the conversion. And then our employees, as they get through all the big gulp training that's taking place in 2014, they'll be more productive next year as well. You'll have more -- you'll have a higher percentage of employees at the Southwest pay scale next year, so that will create some inflation. And I'll just refer to Tammy on that.
Gary C. Kelly: They look really -- they look very normal, they look very solid. And that's just within the context that the outlook looks real strong. So it all looks good. I think Tammy mentioned in her comments just the second quarter performance of the "Wright Amendment markets," and we saw a very strong increase already, and I suppose a lot of it's just the awareness that's been created about the restrictions coming down and the publishing of the new schedule. But yes, I think we had a 21% increase in the Wright Amendment revenue oriented around Dallas, obviously, in the second quarter. So -- but yes, those markets all look good. There's 15 new nonstop destinations that we'll launch in -- October 13th to early November and we can't wait.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think Duane, we do what I said we're going to do, which is we're going to take up every year and have a goal to run an excellent, reliable operation, provide outstanding customer service and have a business and a plan that continues to have consistent profitability, achieving at least a 15% pretax return on invested capital. We've got opportunities to grow the network both domestically and internationally, as we've described. And we'll want to manage that growth very, very carefully so that we sustain all 3 of those performance levels. But we want our return on invested capital to continue to be at least 15%, with 15% as the floor.
Gary C. Kelly: Negotiations continue. We've got negotiations with a number of workgroups. And the pace and understandably, the texture of those negotiations is different by workgroup. So it obviously puts the company in a position where it can afford to do certain things. But the main thing that we need to do is to preserve Southwest Airlines' low fare brand and low-cost position competitively. And it doesn't change the need to do that. Our competition is stronger today than it has been in a long time. And so we'll -- that hasn't changed, Jamie, and therefore, it's a great rallying cry for all of our people to work together to beat all of our competitors, so that's -- that work continues.
Gary C. Kelly: We've got -- and I'll let Tammy think about that while I just make one quick comment here. And we -- and Jamie, I think we can do that. Now we have tried to -- or at least our Investor Relations effort here has tried to give you some guidance with the fleet modernization benefits, which I think, Tammy, are largely fuel efficiency.
Gary C. Kelly: So you do have that. But you're right. It hasn't equated precisely to the consumption number. So -- but yes, we're already realizing significant benefits from the fleet modernization/fuel efficiency. Of course, the fleet modernization with an upgauging benefit, as an example, has -- as you well know, has benefits beyond just fuel burn. But anyway, let me -- do you have a...
Gary C. Kelly: Just trying to be real quick with you here. I think if I just take your questions literally, is it too conservative? I would say no, it's not too conservative. Is it too aggressive? No. So is it the exact right spot? I don't know that I'm ready to answer that quite yet. So we continue to -- as you know, the rating agencies don't just look at leverage. In fact, interestingly enough, they don't look at leverage much at all. And that's the way we normally casually talk about it. So there's other things that they look at and we'll want to continue to work with them in an effort to try to improve the credit rating. I think that, that would be better than being so close to junk. On the other hand, if trends continue for several years like they have been for the last couple, that the balance sheet's going to continue to show less and less leverage. And yes, it is possible when it gets to a point where we think that it's "too conservative," but I don't feel that we're there right now. And like Tammy, said I think that's a high-class problem and something ultimately can be managed. The only other thing that I think needs to be mentioned here is that we've lived through a brutal decade where every balance sheet in the industry was stressed and most went bankrupt. So you just can't extrapolate 2014 into infinity. And we do want to make sure that we err on this side financially of being conservative and being very well prepared for the unpredictable. And the unpredictable's happened a lot to us in 43 years. But again, it's not say that we're worried. We're not. We're feeling very confident, very good and very pleased with this quarter and very pleased with our outlook.
Gary C. Kelly: Excellent questions and questions that again sort of put in that high-class problem category. Well, we're going to have to choose, and I suppose that the choices will, from time -- from one decision point to the next will probably have different priorities, things will just change. We want to do both. We certainly want to increase the diversity and the breadth of our route system. But we have opportunities that we haven't seen in quite some time to also improve the depth in a lot of our markets. And those are the exact conversations and debates that our commercial experts are having right now. I'd rather not tip our hand as to exactly what we might do. But again, just to put it in perspective for everyone, international right now is 1% of Southwest route system. So it is a very, very small component, and it's going to be small for a long time. So I think that may very well help direct us in the future as to how we think about additional flights from one schedule to the next. But 50 dots on the route map obviously is a great opportunity to increase the breadth. And again, all this has to fit in with hitting our return requirements. I think by definition, increasing the depth, one would think would be less risk as opposed to increasing the size of the route network. So all that will have to be factored in as well. So we've got a great opportunity to grow, grow the earnings and continue as we grow the capital base, along with the growth in earnings to hit our 15% minimum target. And it's very exciting and we've got opportunities to do both. So that's, again, a very high-quality problem.
Gary C. Kelly: I'm sorry. Yes, I didn't skip it on purpose. I'd forgotten to answer the question. Well, I think, yes, as you go longer, it gives us less ability to bring our strength, which is efficiency and turning airplanes. It makes a little bit harder to bring that competitively to the market. So that will have to be factored in. I don't know that we are well prepared for "ultra long-haul flying". But we feel we have a very solid cost advantage with the 737 and in the route network that we're envisioning to, again, North America and the northern part of South America. So I think that, that holds true at least with the analysis that we've done. And that's been the case over a number of years. We want to continue being the low-cost producer and work hard to achieve that position and then maintain it, and certainly, we want to be known as the low-fare brand and that we're going to work hard to sustain that as well.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, sure. We -- for us, it's not new either. I think we used the preowned market historically for more tactical growth opportunities. And we were very active in the 1990s, in particular, going out into the used market, finding good airplanes and have the capability of quickly converting them to the Southwest livery, and putting them into revenue service. That is a -- when the market is available, that is a very good strategy. And in particular, it works well for us right now. So what is unique for Southwest is that we're an all-737 carrier. We are the launch customer for the 737 MAX, which is coming online in 2017. And it -- all the indications are it will be a vastly superior aircraft from an economic perspective. So if our Chief Operating Officer had is druthers, he'd rather be getting those airplanes new right now as opposed to the current generation. So a wonderful way to bridge the gap is to go into the used market rather than buying the current generation new from Boeing, understanding that we'll be using them for a shorter period of time, but that just means that we'll get the 737 MAX that much faster again compared to buying an airplane here in 2014 and keeping it for 30 years. That all works great, that's a great strategy, but the airplanes have to be available. And it just so happens that there are a lot of 737-700s on the used markets at attractive prices that are available. If they are not, then I'm sure we wouldn't continue to pursue that strategy. So everything has to come together. We love the 737-700, which is the NG product. That's what Mike is picking up and economics are fantastic, so I think that works very well. So it's not necessarily a new strategy for us. The circumstances are different this time that caused us to pursue that. But it definitely helps us manage our capital spending at a time where we would like to not only replace retiring equipment, but also begin to pick up new units to grow. So all way around, I think it's a great strategy and something that's working very well for us.
Gary C. Kelly: And we're the largest 737-700 operator in the world, and it's an airplane that we really like. And it could be that other airlines are pursuing other aircraft types. It's often hard to know, but we like that airplane and for whatever reasons, there's a lot of them. And that was Mike Van De Ven, our COO by the way, that was answering that question.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, you heard the question earlier about our credit rating, and Tammy makes an outstanding point. Yes, which we are a preferred customer for anybody who wants to get paid.
Gary C. Kelly: And Doug, the other thing -- so Ron is acknowledging -- we're acknowledging that there may be some city pair routes that we can't get the route authority to fly. We know that. But the thing that is different about Southwest Airlines is we have dozens of cities that we have point-to-point networks that originate from. So we have routes into Mexico right now from Orange County, California; Austin, Texas; San Antonio, Texas as an example. So we -- Houston may not be open to us to certain Mexican cities, but I'll bet we can find other spots on the Southwest system that are. But in any event, we have 50 potential beyond 48 state destinations. And if we can't go one place, we'll have ample opportunities to go somewhere else. And as a practical matter, we simply cannot satisfy all the growth opportunities at the same time anyway. So it will help prioritize if we're restricted. But clearly, we're in support. And Ron made this clear, we're in support of liberalizing the bilateral agreement between the United States and Mexico and that will bring more competition. That will lower fares, it will be better for consumers. So it's not just about us selfishly. It's really what's good for consumers.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that capacity -- just go backwards with your question. I think the supply side of this is generally a longer cycle. So, I mean, if you just look at us, if we wanted to add more flights next month, we just -- we couldn't do it. That's a fairly long lead time that's required to require equipment, hire and train employees, et cetera. So right now, the demand is very strong and it is balanced very nicely with the supply of seats. We're going to manage our growth very carefully so that we don't upset that balance for Southwest Airlines. And what the rest of the industry does, of course, I can't speak to. I think David, the bigger risk, personally, is the economy and fuel prices. With all the turmoil there is in the Middle East, things could change quite rapidly, and I'm much more concerned about that. The demand side things, if you will, are continuing to be stable and strong as opposed to a radical change in the supply side anytime soon.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Mike, we haven't provided our full year ASM outlook. However, we will be publishing our first quarter 2015 schedule in the coming weeks, and that will reflect about a 5% ASM growth year-over-year. And Mike, I know you'll remember this. We had 1.5 points of this growth is -- we're expecting that to be due to, as you recall, first quarter last year, we had -- we were impacted by the -- or actually, first quarter this year, we were impacted by the winter storms. And of course, as you would expect with the sunset of the Wright Amendment, we'll have -- likely have a longer flying out of Love Field and also DCA and likely LaGuardia. So I think that accounts for the difference between the -- kind of the 2% to 3% increase in seats versus the 5% ASM growth that we're expecting in our first -- in our schedule, which will take us through about March.
Tammy Romo: Hunter, this is -- we know that we have a significant advantage just from a single fleet type. And I guess from the 717s, really the benefit of transitioning from 717s to -- back to a 737 fleet is pretty significant. Now of course, a lot of that is just driven by just the more fuel-efficient 737 fleet. So probably the best gauge I can give you, if your question is on really the 717s versus the 737, are really just the benefits that we provided in our fleet modernization efforts, which is the EBIT. We're expecting that to be in $500 million range here for this year. But clearly, we have the -- we have a clear advantage relative to the rest of the industry. And certainly, a single fleet type is a large -- is a contributor to that. And our advantage is, I think, Hunter, relative to the legacy carriers, our cost advantage is probably 30% to 35%. So I don't have a specific figure to give you here off the top of my head but certainly, it is a -- it's a notable contributor to our low-cost advantage.
Tammy Romo: Helane, yes, after -- I think it's really after this year. I think we may have some training costs that dribble into next year, but it shouldn't be all that significant. And in terms of just the step-up in the wage rate as we bring our AirTran employees, convert them over to Southwest employees, really all that's remaining there are the, of course, the crews. And -- but that's all been factored into the guidance that we've given you. So really all the employees are already Southwest employees, with the exception of the pilots and flight attendants that we need over on the AirTran side until we bring that flying over to Southwest.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Helane, only other point I just wanted to make on the training, if you're working on your model there, just as a reminder, those training costs are included in the integration costs. And as we said in the earnings release, we're expecting that total cost to be about $550 million. Training is just one component of that, of course. So that's where the training costs, at least, are showing up.
Tammy Romo: That is correct. It does include -- as we're converting the AirTran employees over to Southwest, it includes that step up, but it does not include the training costs. Those are included in the integration costs.
Tammy Romo: Duane, I'm just thinking here with you. We would be impacted some on the utilization. I don't know that I can pinpoint a specific number for you as we move forward. But we should see, as we get all of the flying over to Southwest, obviously, an improvement in the utilization, which is also driving some of the ASM improvement or the ASM increase that I mentioned for the first quarter. I'm just trying to think through and reconcile with you what that number might be, but...
Tammy Romo: Yes. And to your point, we definitely have opportunities, as we look ahead to 2015, to be more efficient with our fleet. And as you can imagine, with the conversion of all the markets in 2014, just from a staffing perspective as well, we're not -- we're clearly not as efficient as we could be going forward as well once we have just more stability in our network. So we haven't given unit cost guidance for next year, but as you can see this year, we're certainly benefiting from the increased gauge, and I would expect in 2015 that we would also get some benefit from just the overall improvement in utilization. But we're still working through our plan and our schedule and all the details for next year. And it will give you a better guidance on that as we get a little bit later in the year and have a little more certainty on our schedule for 2015.
Tammy Romo: Well, we -- we're constantly evaluating the -- our Rapid Rewards program. And just as a reminder, we did recently increase the coefficient for using a Rapid Rewards flight. And so that's at least keeping the usage in line with what we -- with what our more recent trends have been. But as Gary stated earlier, we've been extremely happy with the Rapid Rewards program. And the -- let's see, the benefits -- the second quarter impact related to our Rapid Rewards program is probably roughly $95 million on a year-over-year basis, $95 million. So we're seeing probably a 40% to 50% increase in our revenue year-over-year. So we're delighted with how that's performing. But to your point, we've obviously got to keep an eye on the liability where we're monitoring the usage. But the overall economics, we're very happy with.
Tammy Romo: I think directionally, you're in the ballpark, Jamie. I had sort of a 73 in mind. But I think we'll continue to see improvement as we go for all the obvious reasons as we continue to replace the 717s and the classic aircraft with more fuel-efficient airplanes. But we haven't given a number yet for the next year, but I wouldn't be surprised to see it exceed 74.
Tammy Romo: Well, obviously, maintaining a healthy balance sheet obviously has always been a top priority for Southwest. And we really do have a lot -- which really -- it's really a balancing act and we have a lot of guideposts. Of course, one of our goals for this year that we stated is to -- we have an investment grade balance sheet. We would like to notch that up, and so that's obviously one consideration. But as Gary said earlier, we have a lot of high-class problems. Our questions on our hands is -- so really, our overall goal is to enhance shareholder value. I think we'll need to balance our capital expenditures against our desire to continue to enhance capital through our shareholder deployment. So I think -- and I think the other guidepost I would just point you to is just our cash balance, it is $4 billion. Our target is probably closer to $2.5 billion. But keep in mind too, there's some seasonality in that cash balance. And we do have -- as I mentioned earlier, we've got over $400 million in debt due later this year. So of course, with the peak second quarter, we're kind of -- we've got higher cash balances and seasonally, that's typically the case. So that's just another factor. So we're looking ahead at what our needs are and with the overall goal in mind to enhance shareholder value through either deploying capital back to our shareholders. And also as Gary mentioned, we want to continue to grow the airline.
Tammy Romo: And just one thing to add. The lessors love to lease the Southwest Airlines because we do have a very strong balance sheet.
Thomas Kim: I know your credit rating is very important to you, and obviously having a strong balance sheet makes a lot of sense. I'm just wondering whether you think your balance sheet is bordering too conservative at this stage with cash and short-term investments hovering north of about 200% of consensus revenue estimates for the year.
Thomas Kim: I definitely appreciate all of that. If I could just ask a separate question, Gary, on your international expansion. Can you help us understand your thought process behind building depth versus breadth in your network? And then sort of a separate question related to the international side. Obviously, we appreciate that your fleet will have much longer range. But I'm curious as to how your unit cost advantage or competitiveness changes when you start competing against your network peers that are going to be flying larger gauge fleet.
Thomas Kim: I appreciate it's late in the call. I mean, do you care to comment on -- just a last question about unit cost competitiveness over the longer haul? Or is it just...
