Gary Kelly: Thank you very much Matt and thanks everybody for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. It was a great first quarter. I want to start by congratulating our Southwest employees for these exceptional results. Southwest is doing well because of their hard work and their perseverance and their outstanding customer service. And I'm delighted to report that each employee earned their share of a total $125 million profit sharing related to our first quarter profits and it’s far greater than any prior first quarter in our history. And of course lower fuel prices were a big part of the first quarter story. Our economic fuel price per gallon was down 35% to $2 a gallon year-over-year and that alone contributed over $450 million in fuel cost savings. 15% of every fuel dollar savings dollar goes to our employees. So again, a very, very big thank you to our Southwest family. But besides lower fuel prices, there is a lot more to the story and a lot to be pleased with. Our unit revenues were flat while our core unit cost that is excluding fuel, special items and profit sharing were down 3.6%. So, even if fuel prices had remained constant, our earnings would have been up roughly 80%. So we're beginning to more fully realize the benefit of our strategic initiatives and that is the AirTran merger, the 737-800, our fleet modernization efforts and our renewed frequent flyer plan. We are also seeing more fully the benefits from our aggressive route schedule optimization over the last five years. And these results are really strong, despite our renewed low cost capacity growth, but the unusually high percentage of routes that are in development. And that's primarily a function of AirTran integration but we also have capacity added strategically to Dallas Love Field, Washington Reagan and New York LaGuardia. So given all that we are intentionally growing new markets which are mostly newer international at a slow and measured pace. We want to carefully manage our future capacity growth, continue our revenue momentum and continue to hit our return on capital targets and reward shareholders. So our focus for the near-term will be on the basics and that is operational reliability, hospitable customer service, manageable capacity growth and healthy shareholder returns. Our top event for this year is the completion of a construction of the Houston International Terminal and the launch of international flights in October of this year to six non-stop Latin American destinations. This year, we have a larger than normal increase in flying as we increase the utilization of our roughly 700 aircraft fleet from a low 88% to a more normal 93% by year’s end and that is aircraft that are scheduled to be in service out of our total fleet. Now that's the equivalent of about 40 airplanes from January to December. So next year we'll be back to a more normal fleet growth of approximately 2%. Of course next year we’ll also get the full year benefit of this year's increase and return to our normal historical utilization rates. The cost penalty of underutilizing the fleet essentially disappears by year-end. I'm very pleased with the performance of our strategic initiatives; I'm very pleased with our current performance; I'm very excited about our future plans; and I hope that lower, stable energy prices are here to stay. But all-in-all, a fantastic quarter. And with that I will turn it over to Tammy Romo, our CFO, to take us through all this good news.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think at least the way I'm thinking about it, I’ll get Tammy to cleanup anything I mess up here. You’ve got this carryover effect of year-over-year growth in 2016, based on the increased flying activity that we have taking place in 2015. And as an illustration, we’re really not adding any new flights that I recall at least in Washington Reagan in 2015, but yet the -- since that was really done in the latter half of 2014, Reagan is showing up is a fairly significant impact on our growth rate here in 2015. So, you will have those kinds of things flowing through 2016. Just isolating the new part, the new flying that we will be adding in 2016, it is roughly split between domestic and international. So, we will be adding flights late this year of course in Houston. Tammy, I want to say that next year we’re looking at roughly one point of additional flying for international that would be on top of the full year effect of what you would be saying added to Houston later on this year. So in total, it will be very -- I don't know the exact number off the top of my head but it’d be some kind of low single-digits and then on top of that we will have some additional domestic flying that we will add next year. But pretty modest incremental growth planned for 2016 above the running rate that’s established here in 2015.
Gary Kelly: Obviously the timing of Easter is always a little tricky in these trends and comps. So, we've taken all that into account. If you will just compare, I think just our trend argument comparing second quarter to first quarter, the trend looks very normal. And that is again taking into account the holiday timing. But we feel like everything is looking good and as Tammy has been very clear in pointing out, we have lot of developing markets that we are staying on top of and carefully managing and our hope of course is that those continue to improve over time. I can’t guarantee that but we are very pleased with the developing markets progress that we’ve seen so far.
Gary Kelly: Hunter, Bob, he’s here. So, certainly want Bob and Mike may want to chime in as well. But we’re all impatient and have opportunities that are before us that we would love to be able to capitalize on. We have operational improvements that we’re very desirous of and we’ve got customer experience improvement. So, it really covers all three categories, financial; service; and operations. I think what is exciting is we know that we’ve got opportunities to continue to invest that will generate very handsome returns. I am a little reluctant to put a number on it. I’ll defer to Bob and Mike to see if there is something they want to share there, but the headline of course is a new reservation system which comes with enhanced capabilities that really address all three of those objectives and we have been forthcoming that we think that’s worth a lot of money, some things fall into revenue management techniques which we for competitive reasons we leave that as a rather vague headline. But I think we’re very happy with our product; I think we’re happy with our customer experience; I don’t see that there is anything that is dramatic, it's being held back from what we’re doing. I will fully admit that a new revenue reservation system will come with capabilities that will explore whether it's code sharing or whether it's signing seats and things like that. But we’re not at this point committed to making any of those kinds of changes yet either. So, I feel like we’re doing really good. And clearly what I hope to communicate here is absolutely we know there is returns on investment as we continue to invest in IT.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think we’re not -- we haven’t changed our high level growth plans over the last six months. So in other words, the change in fuel prices has not had an impact at least that’s material on our plans. Said it different way, we're continuing to think about the future with our higher fuel cost assumption which just speaking for Southwest, I think that’s wise, one would hate to order whole bunch of airplanes only to find that fuel prices have gone the wrong way. So that’s point number one. The rule of thumb is to try to guess what traffic growth is going to be. The best proxy we've got of that is GDP. And right now, we’re growing ahead of that Hunter, because we can’t ;and we've got right opportunities that we have been investing in to create over the last five years and now we want to take advantage of them. The other point is that we have 700 airplanes. And we don't want to downsize the airline. So, the fact of the matter is that the airline has been underutilizing its fleet for the past several years, now we've wonderful opportunities to improve our unit cost production and profitably deploy additional flying. I will just point out here in the first quarter, we added seats to the tune of about 1.6% and our O&Ds, not RPMs; our O&Ds were up 5.7%. So as long as we can continue to match or outpace our seat growth, I think that’s the main thing. If we find that we’re not able to do that, well then we’ll start turning dial so that we can adjust. And the increment to the fleet that we’re planning for 2016 right now, and that’s a little p plan is quite modest for next year. So, what I would expect -- what I'm assuming, let me say it that way right now for growth 2015, 2016, 2017 is that the peak in the growth rate is here in 2015 and it begins to diminish next year and then it diminishes growth rate-wise again in 2017. So, we try to explain why we’re little bit over indexing on the growth this year and it does feel like it will revert to the mean here in future years.
Gary Kelly: And we've got a large number of potential retirements next year as well. So, there we have -- obviously we have some flexibility with the timing of the retirements. So, I think we've made this point over the last year. We've got more fleet flexibility today than I think we’ve had in our history. So it's, we're just trying to do our best to optimize the financial and operational performance to the extent that we have alternatives with the fleet choices.
Gary Kelly: Well, I agree Jamie with your historical analysis there. And I'm just going to talk hypothetically here, just give you a tendency, so a tendency would -- is very clear in a period where our organic growth opportunities are less either because of cost pressures or cost uncertainties or we just run out of geography. Then I think you know any company would be wise to consider what other growth options it has, and M&As is one way to do that. That’s certainly fit for us with the AirTran acquisition, our organic growth opportunities were in need of some refreshing and through the acquisition of AirTran, plus the other strategic initiatives that we embarked upon, we changed that. So the other thing that was attractive strategically about AirTran is the geography that it added. It added us to, rather it allowed us to accelerate our development of the 48 state route map and that of course is proven to be very successful. And then to some degree it launched us in international, I think the most important part of the international piece is it gave us real live experience in international markets for us to begin to formulate future plans. So that sort of describes the kind of scenario that would -- that interested us in the past and I think would logically interest us again in the future. Now what's different of course in 2015 than in 2010 when all that was going on, is that now we have more places to go; more places to grow than we'd had probably at any given point in time in our history. So, I would fully admit that M&A would be a distraction to pursuing our current growth opportunities, and one would have to have a really good reason to be distracted. I'm not suggesting that that couldn't be possible but it's certainly a lower priority as we think about all the things that we want to do today with our current system.
Gary Kelly: Well, it has to factor in what the external realities are. So whether it's healthcare, whether it's retirement, whether it's salaries and wages, everything has to be informed to some degree by the market.
Gary Kelly: On the first question Savi, yes the -- it's we’re talking about a base of 700 airplanes and along that base, 2% would be 14. So, we’re talking about somewhere in the teens in terms of a net increase to the fleet with as Tammy has pointed out, there is quite a few moving parts. So this year, we’ll get all of the 717s retired, the 717s are on top of the reported numbers that you hear from us in financial reporting. So, you add roughly 25 airplanes that I call them -- in my mind they are still in the fleet. They are just in the process of being retired, but that’s not the way we reported to you. But yes in any event, we’re talking about more airplanes in 2016. And now I talked long enough, I forgot your second question.
Gary Kelly: Mix, well that depends. So what is in the press release today are from 700s. We haven’t taken any 700 delivery from Boeing’s since 2011. So, we’re in the midst of making that choice. So that -- if we switch that choice to 800s; well then obviously the gauge will continue to grow somewhat. I don’t think it would be, Tammy, at the same rate that we’ve been seeing it grow. This year you’ve got a pretty big swap out of 717s either for 700s or 800s, depending on how you want to match all that up. But you’ve got a pretty significant gauge effect in ‘15, so it should be less in 2016, if we convert those to 800s. What is on the press release for the pre-owned are 700s for next year. And I don’t -- we might pick up some pre-owned 800s but we’ve really been looking to replace our 300s with 700s. And then the stage length piece of it, again will be somewhat obviously dependent upon where we go, but the odds are that we’ll continue to add longer than average trips, you’ll get the full year effect of launching international service to Houston. The Houston service is going to be longer haul by definition to Latin America. So, yes, I think the stage continues to grow; the gauge continues to grow, but probably at lesser rate than what you're experiencing right now.
Gary Kelly: Dallas is unusual and you're right, I mean it's developing very rapidly. There are some city pairs that look more normal for a new market, but that’s not the majority. And I was asked by a reporter earlier this morning about Dallas because it’s such a raging success and we knew it would be. In fact we were kind of surprise to some of the pundits that were saying that the Southwest effect was gone and oh no, it's been a raging success and it has a 20 gate cap. And it's very clear that the demand is much greater than 20 gates. So, we're very pleased with that service and very pleased with the new airport and we've got work to continue to do but now it is certainly the exception as for new growth.
Gary Kelly: This somewhat ties in to Hunter's question too, one might challenge why would you allow yourself to have a such large percentage in developing markets? Part of this again is just ingesting or integrating AirTran. But there was also a confidence on our part that Dallas would perform well. And said it different way, while the 22% is a large percentage in development, the quality of those -- the performance of those markets is certainly better than what would one would normally expect for a developing market as a whole.
Gary Kelly: Yes, but nothing early, we wouldn't try to -- we've looked at all of that, it’s just not economic to take any debt out beyond what we've already done.
Gary Kelly: Well, I can't really tell that there's been a change in business travel personally. And you're right, it's tough to get a read on, we have -- we try to triangulate that by multiple methods. And there's a fairly wide variance between the methods, but it looks to me like it’s stable. You just look at our Rapid Rewards program, it's been a phenomenal success. So, Tammy can cite numbers there but it all looks good to us. And again, you just look at the overall results, you know what’s going on within our route network, it's very aggressive and still we have really strong results. We've got some exposure to the oil patch, we've been paying very close attention to that and that all looks fine though -- pretty much all the way around it looks good. We have a large exposure to leisure. The near international Latin American expansion we have is very heavily weighted towards leisure. So mix wise, you might see a little bit of change because of that but we're not seeing a decline in our business travel, same-store kind of levels if you will.
Gary Kelly: The frequent flyer, you didn't specifically ask it this way but just as further empirical evidence for I guess your question, the utilization of our frequent flyer program, utilization of frequent flyer program card, credit card just continues to outperform our expectations, year-on-year. And I'm just delighted with that program change, the execution, customer reaction, the financial results that we have, it's just gone really, really well.
Gary Kelly: We’re off to a good start. And I would just -- we thought about it in multiple ways, and just remind everybody that if you adjust for stage length and gauge in the first quarter, it's a 3%, almost a 3% effect. So, I think a lot of the answer to your question will be dependent upon just how much stage change and gauge change we ultimately realize because everybody's looking at static unit numbers. So adjusted, I feel like will grow unit revenues. And to me that's the way I look at it. Dallas Love Field, Tammy I'm not sure what the stage length change is year-over-year with Dallas Love Field but you have to look at it, because it's just such an obvious dramatic change in the distance of the flights. But we're off to a great start here in the first quarter; we're dead on with capacity; I'm very, very proud of our folks for pulling that off. And they got a really tough comp in the second quarter. And I think it's a little too soon to give you any real firm direction there. We admit that's the goal and we're going to try to get there. So, so far so good.
Gary Kelly: Well, we’re confident that we can execute on our flight schedule, we would not have published it otherwise and we’ll just leave accommodation upto the owner of the airport, the City of Dallas. We’ll be fully utilizing our 18 gates that we have worked really hard over a long period of time to get up and running. And obviously they’re very successful flights and customers are benefitting from more competition and lower fare. So, we’re very, very pleased with where we are and looking forward to adding flights in August.
Gary Kelly: Terry, it’s pretty much of pure increase; in other words, there is no shifting going on; it's operational. We have some corporate increases for project related needs but the vast majority of the increase is with flight attendants, primarily to serve the larger aircraft, the 800s; it requires as you know a four flight attendant as compared to three on the other aircraft types. And then we have seen a very welcome and very nice surge in traffic and in passengers. And so our ground operations at the airports are also seeing staffing increases. We want to make sure that our employees are in a great position to serve our customers. We don't want to have excessive -- we don't have to rely on excessive amounts of overtime as an example and have some opportunities invest further in the operation and in customer service. So, it's really those two sources driving our headcount increases.
Gary Kelly: But that would I think the inference is that might imply that it's more heavily weighted towards business.
Gary Kelly: As usual, Southwest is different. So and the fundamental answer to your question, the short answer is, no. I don't see us changing our plans at least right now; over time obviously we will continue to adjust our plans. But all of our sales are dollar denominated. So, we’re not dealing with a foreign currency challenge in terms of the stronger dollar. It might have some impact on people that are -- international demand if you will. But we don't have any foreign currency challenges. We are also flying to near international destinations, so we’re flying to Mexico, we’re flying to the Caribbean; we just launched service to our Costa Rica. And again, I think they are just less impacted by some of the issues that you raised. For us, these are -- we’re adding service to cities where -- we try to add them to cities where customers will know us. Most of the traffic on these international flights are U.S. citizens, they're our customers already; we're giving them more product. It is pretty, I wouldn't call it easy but it's easier for us to penetrate those new markets. As compared to launching service to a new country where we're dependent upon travelers from that country knowing who we are and booking on Southwest that's a much bigger challenge. And then finally, we're new at this. So, want to expand our international presence at a very measured pace for operational learnings and also to continue to support the other expansion that we already have underway which is number one, converting former AirTran markets into Southwest, in many cases that's new Southwest service; and then number two, launching a lot of new service out of Dallas Love Field; number three, flying the slots that we acquired from American Airlines. So that's a lot to take on already. And we're really augmenting that core growth if you will with some additional flying to international markets. And we've been very pleased with how that's gone so far but we're going to walk there before we run and have no intention of changing our plans at this point.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think yes, we'll always want to continue to look for opportunities to improve our hedging program and philosophically it's an insurance program. Prices have dropped; it just allows for us another opportunity to come back in with better insurance coverage than what we had before. I would say that -- just using that analogy, the insurance has gotten more expensive because we've already bought at once, now we've got to unwind that and go in and buy it again. But at least directionally that's exactly what Tammy and her team, are thoughtful about. I'll leave it up to Tammy to report any changes that she has to the program at this point, I think we're pretty much up to date with what's reported in the press release.
Tammy Romo: Julie, I would say that our pressure on unit revenues is exactly what you said is largely driven from stage and gauge, and of course just a large percentage of our network under development. So that we always have some movement in competitive capacity but the majority of that pressure is driven from just longer haul flying and increased gauge.
Tammy Romo: Well, we gave you the guidance, I guess I’ve shared with you already the -- when you just look at the comparisons last year, April was up about 9%; May was up about 10%; and June was up a little bit less, about 8%. So, not too much is there the across the months in terms of comparisons relative to last year.
Tammy Romo: If you look at our order book with Boeing here for 2015, we have 19 firms and 17 dash 700s in the pre-owned market and we’re managing to that 700 fleet count. So, we are -- and as you know that we have 88 717s that we’re essentially replacing from AirTran. So that we’re using a combination of new aircraft and aircraft from the pre-owned market. And really at this point, the economics on the pre-owned we've been able to augment orders from Boeing to fulfill our aircraft need. So, as we look ahead, we will continue to do just what makes sense overall to drive the best economics there. Beyond that and at least what we have, we’re still working through our fleet plans. But for 2016, we have 31 firm orders with Boeing and right now four pre-owned aircraft from Boeing. So we’re just -- we’re looking at essentially -- we’re just using a combination to meet our needs here in 2015 but obviously looking for the best economics for Southwest.
Tammy Romo: The pre-owned market, we have plenty of opportunity there to supplement our needs. So I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Tammy Romo: Yes, I think that we have -- our first quarter, our ancillary revenues that really came in strong and offset essentially the loss that we're seeing from the lost fees from Air Trans. So, we were really pleased with those trends. So, I agree with you I think that that we would expect those trends to continue to firm.
Tammy Romo: Sure, yes, we’re still seeing fantastic load factors out of Dallas and they are above system average load factors. And what we have said before is we have some markets hitting 90%. So yes, so we’re very pleased with our Dallas performance; it continues to be very strong with very, very substantial increases in traffic year-over-year.
Tammy Romo: Well, I think if you look at our new markets, I mean normally you would expect those can take years to two, three, sometimes even more years, but certainly at least what the results we’re seeing thus far with our new markets suggest that yes, we’ll have some our markets that would progress at a faster than normal rate. And certainly Dallas will hopefully fall into that category. So, we’re monitoring all that very closely, but so far as we said, our new markets are meeting or exceeding our expectation. So some will mature very quickly and there will probably be some that take a little bit longer, but in the aggregate, we’re very pleased that the rate in which those are progressing.
Tammy Romo: And Savi, just in terms of as you are thinking ahead as well. So historically the development markets have been I would say 4% to 5% of the system. And that is close to where we would expect to trend by 2016. So, we will have a heavy percentage of our markets; it will trend down here from the first quarter; I would guess it would be around 11% by the end of the year and then it would be more in line as we get into next year which is more normal percentage of development markets.
Tammy Romo: Yes Savi, I will share one other bit of information just again. It really is a testament to how well our markets are performing. If you adjust for stage length, I guess just looking at unit revenues to drag on our first quarter results is under 1 point. So again just very strong performance.
Tammy Romo: The big driver in our preferred taxes is exactly is depreciation -- accelerated depreciation related to our aircraft delivery. And unless there is another extension of the bonus depreciation, we would -- which we’re helpful for, we got it this year; it's just again these are yearly extensions. So, if there is an extension, we would expect our cash tax rate to converge closer to our book taxes. And again that’s really driven by the bonus depreciation.
Tammy Romo: We do have a large bullet payments coming due in 2016 and 2017 and about $300 million in each year. So yes, that certainly will factor in. And our balance sheet is in great shape; it’s just in terms of the guidepost, we definitely want a strong balance sheet. We want to maintain our investment grade quality. So certainly, we would want to manage our debt levels so that we’re maintaining our balance sheet strength. Outside of that, we just continued to aggressively manage our capital spending as you can see with our cap spending guidance that we have for the year, we will continue -- that will continue to be a focus here as we move forward. And then of course the lever that we have beyond that our share repurchases and our dividends. And I think our past results here speak to the fact that we want to continue to return value to our shareholders.
Tammy Romo: I would expect that we'd do some level of financing here over the next year or so, but again we want to maintain fairly modest debt levels like we have today.
Tammy Romo: The only thing I’d add to that Gary is just -- we're very pleased with our corporate sales. Those outpaced our capacity and we're up almost double-digit. And I agree with you, our business mix is still roughly a third of our passengers. So considering again the mix of development markets and everything that we have going on in our network, we're really pleased with the trends.
Tammy Romo: Yes, I'd be happy to comment on that one. Our goal certainly hasn't changed, that's not guidance of course but at least starting out here this year we feel really good about the trends and of course we're starting out with flat unit revenue. I acknowledge we have added since Investor Day though, I would point out that we have ticked up our capacity just a bit, mainly for the two additional gates that we picked up at Love Field. So, our capacity's up about a percentage point. So, admittedly that puts a little more pressure on us to achieve that for the year. So, we'll just have to see how all that plays out but obviously what we're trying to do at the end of the day is manage to continue to strengthen in our earnings and in our margins.
Tammy Romo: I think what we said was more than 50, but yes, I mean really no big difference, no big change in our philosophy since Investor Day.
Dan McKenzie: The GBTA revised down its outlook for business travel spend this year, so my question really is on that. So first, the Rapid Rewards program is of course evolved pretty dramatically over the past five years. And I'm wondering if how you measure this, the demand segment has evolved and then secondly you know what have you seen year-to-date, and what are you seeing looking ahead.
Dan McKenzie: And I guess you know just following up on that and I'm going back a bit in time here but at Southwest Investor Day last November, the view was that revenue could grow online with capacity as this year. And as we stand here today, Southwest has added some additional capacity and second quarter aside, I'm wondering if you still feel that revenue for the year can still grow in line with the capacity adds, or has the world changed.
Dan McKenzie: Good commentary, thanks. I wonder if I could squeeze one more in. Southwest has highlighted 60% as an average percent of free cash flow return to shareholders, again at its Investor Day. And as we look ahead, I'm just wondering if that's still a good level to think about, again as we look ahead here.
Michael Van De Ven: Yes. The seat is a redesigned seat. There has been a lot in terms of seat technology over the last four or five years. So, the seat frames actually fit closer to the walls of the airplane that gives us almost the half an inch width in the seat, because there is about an inch and half -- the seat's at about an inch and half closer to the walls. In addition to all of that, it creates a little bit more leg room for you as a result of that, the way some of the seat frames are designed. And on top of it, all the seats are wider. So, it was just new seat technology. It gave us better economics, more comfort, more personal space and it was just kind of no brainer to go to.
Michael Van De Ven: No, we haven’t thought about selling any of our delivery positions. In fact we’d like to have maybe, not more positions, but getting them sooner as we have them in our order book. So, we’re very excited about the airplane. It gives us of course none of the fuel burn but it gives us greater range, it gives is better performance with the airplane and I think it's going to give us more route flexibility than we have today.
Michael Van De Ven: I could just give you maybe a little more color just on Dallas. We added a number of new markets on April the 8th and they were added with a much shorter booking window; we announced them later. And even those markets and those 13 new flights are full. So, a lot of those are running over 90% load factors, just like the overall Dallas mix, again with a much shorter booking window. And then Dallas in total was running a higher local mix, so attracting the local Dallas customer, so fewer connections. So that really answers your business leisure question, which I think and what Gary I think is probably more average given the longer-haul but it just demonstrates another point to demonstrate just the strengthened Dallas that we’re seeing with every new flight that we add. 
Michael Van De Ven: I think so, and then lot of the markets we've added are more typical business markets too and we’re seeing again 90 plus percent load factors in lot of those markets.
