Julia Landrum: Thank you so much. And welcome everyone Southwest Airlines Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call. In just a moment, we will share our prepared remarks after which, we'll be happy to take your questions. On the call with me today, we have our President and CEO, Bob Jordan, Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Ryan Green; and Chief Operating Officer, Andrew Watterson. A quick reminder that we will make forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectation of future performance, and our actual results could differ materially from expectations. Also, we will reference our non-GAAP results, which exclude special items that are called out and reconciled to GAAP results in our press release. So please refer to the disclosures in our press release from this morning and visit our Investor Relations website for more information. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to you, Bob.
Julia Landrum: Thank you, Andrew. This completes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for analyst questions. We would like to speak with as many of you as possible, so we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up if necessary. Please go ahead with the first question.
Julia Landrum: Okay. That completes the analyst portion of our call. A quick reminder that the transcript and a replay of the call will be available on our Investor Relations' website. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day.
Ryan Green: Thank you, Tammy, and hello everyone. Let me start by sharing that I am very pleased with the overall demand for our business, the execution from our amazing people, and the engagement of our loyal customers. Fourth quarter unit revenue finished slightly better than expectations at down 8.9% year-over-year. The improvement was driven by a strengthening of close-in revenue performance in November and December for both leisure and corporate business travel, as well as the continuation of overall strong holiday performance and market share gains from our managed business initiatives. I'm pleased to report that we saw no bookings impact from last year's operational disruption during this past holiday season, which speaks to the operational improvements we have made over the last year as well as the enduring loyalty from our customers. In addition, fourth quarter was another quarter with multiple record set, including record fourth quarter operating revenue and passenger revenue, as well as an all-time quarterly record for passengers carry. Fares also performed well in the fourth quarter, with our average passenger fare up about 2.5% year-over-year. And all-in-all, our fourth quarter operating revenues were up over $1 billion relative to fourth quarter of 2019. And while we still have work to do on our revenue performance, I remain very pleased with our progress. Looking to our full year results, we grew 2023 operating revenues nearly 10% year-over-year to a record $26 billion accompanied by record passengers, record Rapid Rewards revenue and record ancillary revenue. And speaking of records, we set operating revenue records in each quarter of the year and for the full year of 2023. As we move into 2024, we are seeing the momentum continue, and we're seeing early but highly encouraging benefits from our network optimization efforts, and we expect first quarter unit revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5% when compared to the same period last year. This represents a solid sequential improvement in year-over-year unit revenue performance even when normalized for the five-point tailwind from the prior year disruption impact. In fact, our guide would imply first quarter 2024 nominal RASM to be about five points higher than our normal seasonal sequential average when compared with nominal fourth quarter of 2023 RASM. We currently have about 60% of expected bookings for first quarter already in place, slightly above normal, and we are seeing better than normal sequential RASM performance further demonstrating that our network optimization efforts are working. As we refined our capacity plans for this year, we've been able to pull in even more flying out of the shoulder periods, which we believe will be a tangible contributor in boosting our performance. While our forecast doesn't assume any material increase in demand for domestic air travel in 2024, we do have a line of sight to double-digit operating revenue growth year-over-year, driven largely by the network and initiative-driven revenue that Tammy detail. Included in that, of course, is our efforts to drive managed business. We are very pleased with the performance of our managed business initiatives and the success of our Southwest business team. In the past year, we had a solid increase in market share, more than three points in the managed business space and I'm very proud we improved our Business Travel News ranking from fourth place in the industry in 2019 to second place in 2023. We were the only carrier on the survey to receive an increased total score two years in a row while each of our competitors' scores have declined over that same period. It's another example of the progress we're making against the industry in the managed business space. Of course, we're also continuing our efforts to improve our customer experience and our Rapid Rewards program. We are seeing improved customer satisfaction scores with our Wi-Fi product as we proceed with our infrastructure investments there and more aircraft are joining the fleet every day within sea power and larger bins on board. We've made several enhancements to our award-winning Rapid Rewards program, including making it easier to reach our A-List and A-List Preferred levels and we will soon be rolling out the ability to book travel with a combination of cash plus Rapid Reward points later this spring. We introduced customer bag tracking to reduce friction in our customers' travel experience and we look forward to sharing more on our larger digital hospitality modernization plan in the coming months. All of this is designed to make it easier to fly with us and give customers even more reasons to choose Southwest. As we enter 2024, we have a very solid plan that leverages the unparalleled strength of our people, our product, our loyalty program and our route network, and we look forward to delivering on continued progress towards our long-term financial goals. With that, Andrew, over to you.
Ryan Green: Yes. Of the revenue initiatives there, a lot -- most of that is the network optimization and the continuing maturation of some of our development markets, development market percentage of mix continues to get more back to normal ranges by the end of 2024. So that certainly will help. And obviously, we've been able to watch those development markets mature throughout their curve here over the last few years. As it relates to the other revenue initiatives that are in place, they will continue to mature and then also provide additional benefit as we -- as the airline grows. A significant portion of that is the managed business initiatives that we've been talking about. And I'm very confident in how that those sets of initiatives continue to perform. We're definitely on track. Managed business got better in the fourth quarter from how it was performing in the third quarter, and then we're expecting another sequential improvement here in the first quarter with managed business. We can see that in place and how bookings are coming in, in January, and as we begin to get into the February booking curve here. So yes, everything that we can see, how we finished the fourth quarter and then what we can see here in the first quarter and going forward makes me very confident.
Ryan Green: Well, premium certainly is a hot topic in the industry, and it's something that we watch -- that we're watching closely. We also talk to our customers on a regular basis. This is one of the things that we continue to get their feedback on. And I think we talked about it some on the last call. As you think about premium, historically in the industry, premium revenue has been highly cyclical. This is one of those times where carriers are adding premium seats into the cabin. But when the economic cycle shifts, they're pulling seats, premium seats out of the cabin. And so as we see kind of the recovery here from the pandemic, we'll have to see how these trends persist and go forward. I think overall RASM, obviously, we follow that and how we compare relative to the industry, and we're working on working on improving that as we go forward here. I will say that ancillary revenue, the majority of which is boarding products, our early bird product as well as our upgraded boarding product is doing very well. We're having record ancillary revenue performance. And so I think, yes, we have a single cabin, but we're able to improve RASM and grow ancillary revenue through some of those boarding products as well.
Ryan Green: Yeah. And I wouldn't add anything else, other than to say that the revenue initiatives, that component of the plan, those are -- there's very little lumpiness in those as well. Those are pretty evenly spread throughout the year. So it's really about the decelerating capacity in the back half of the year and the network maturation and optimization efforts coming on.
Ryan Green: Yeah, Duane, it's Ryan. I think the macro environment for demand overall is very strong. I mean the way that we closed the fourth quarter, we saw a close-in performance kind of accelerate in the holiday time period which had us -- we came in above our expectations at that point. So I think that, that was a good sign as we got into the year. And as you sit here in the first quarter, the beginning of the first quarter, we've got about 60% of bookings on hand. That's plenty for us to get a good read on how the macro trends are performing. I think demand looks very strong in January and February, which are typically trough periods here. We're performing just fine. As you look into the stronger periods into March, I think spring break travel and the Easter travel period, that's looking very well. And then probably also, as it relates to the overall macro environment, if you just look at managed business trends. I think I mentioned this earlier, fourth quarter was better than third quarter and first quarter is expected to be better than the fourth. We've got very strong bookings in place on the managed business side here for February as we begin to get into that part of the curve. So I think the overall macro environment sets up well for us having a really good year.
Ryan Green: Well, I would say destination-based markets are doing very well. International is doing very well. Hawaii, we beat our expectations in the fourth quarter. Phoenix, Orlando, Vegas, those markets are doing very well for us. I think when you look, California was slower to come back, it's doing -- it's improving for sure. So it's definitely pockets across the network. But again, I think overall, things continue to improve.
Ryan Green: Well, first of all, I would say, absolutely product matters. And I think that certainly from a coach product, Southwest Airlines has the best coach product in the industry. I would just echo what I said on the premium component of this is highly cyclical. And I think that we want -- before we would take up that question, you would want to -- or we would want to study that very closely as we think about that. Your question on how do we do relative in a long-haul market like Hawaii, as I mentioned, we beat expectations. We beat our own expectations for Hawaii in the fourth quarter. I think our yields continue to improve, and the Mainland to Hawaii component of that franchise. And we'll continue to develop those yields further. But no, I think that our product fares very well even in long-haul markets. But yes, on the whole, I think product matters. And I think when you look at the industry together, I think that there's at least some evidence out there today that demand for fares on the bottom end and lower products on the lower end of the segment, there may not be as much demand for those types of products today as what their once was.
Ryan Green: No, there's no evidence in anything that we track from a customer sentiment perspective that would make us concerned about that.
Andrew Watterson: Thank you, Ryan, and hello, everyone. I'd like to start out by recognizing our people for their efforts in successfully managing through four different named winter storms, which was spread over 11 days and impacted a wide portion of our route network with intense weather conditions and frigid temperatures this month. These overlapping winter systems definitely put our winter operations fairness plan to the test. Overall, I'm very pleased with how well we manage the storms. The sheer magnitude of these weather systems resulted in significant cancellations, the vast majority of which were proactive on our part. Our cancellations were made 14 hours in advance on average and 70% were canceled with at least six hours in advance. As you can imagine, providing that much notice improves the customer experience. In fact, we have found that it can result in MPS scores that approximate, those with customers with no disruption to their itinerary. Overall cancellation rates were in line with the industry and were primarily isolated to the operations directly impacted by the storms. With fewer than 2% of our cancellations tied to crew scheduling challenges. This is a significant contrast to what we experienced with winter storm Elliott in December 2022. The improvement is directly the result of last year's winter operations investments and protocols. I echo Bob's sentiments that we are in a much better spot today than a year ago. In the past year, we not only completed the winter operations preparedness plan, we also delivered on a long list of initiatives to modernize our operation with benefits for both our customers and our employees. Our people have the staffing, equipment, tools and infrastructure to operate safely and at pace in winter weather. The good news is that, all the hard work showed up in our operating performance. We closed out 2023 with only about 1% of our total flights canceled and we improved in basically every metric. Our completion factor, on-time performance, early morning originators, turn compliance and turn differential and mishandled battery, all showed substantial year-over-year improvement, which in turn led to a year-over-year improvement in our Trip Net Promoter Score. As we enter 2024, we will focus on continuing to build on our 2023 priority of operating quality. We ranked fourth place in the 2023 Wall Street Journal Airline Quality Metrics despite several of the metrics covering the winter storm Eliot period. Our goal is to move up this ranking and ultimately be ranked number one. We will also double down on three additional priorities: bringing out operating inefficiencies increasing asset productivity and creating operating leverage by reducing structural costs. These are multiyear initiative-based efforts, which will begin yielding material benefits in 2025. We'll share more on these in the coming months. Finally, I'd like to close by congratulating our pilots on our new contract. I'd also like to thank all the negotiating teams who have worked so hard to reach nine agreements since October of 2022. These teams work tirelessly and I am pleased we can reward employees with well-deserved pay increases and quality of life enhancements. We remain in negotiations with two union represented groups, TW555 and TW556 and we look forward to reaching agreements to reward those employees for their contributions. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Julia.
Andrew Watterson: I'd say, Bob, one element to that on that is the same kind of cross-functional groups we use to kind of rapidly accelerate our hiring that same team is now responsible for driving up these efficiencies. So that is something that is literally every week kind of needing to get to achieve what you just said about where the headcount split at the end of the year. And I'd also say that while we're conscious of the FTE per aircraft, we're actually managing a lever or squib CASM because if you think about aircraft, I could fly that different ways. We could say you'd have two flights a day and my ground obviously needs a different fluids six times a day. And then the block hours for the aircraft would change pilot pay, if it was a longer block hours per aircraft or less further less. So the ultimate CASM you get out of your aircraft depends on how you're flying it and how you're deploying staff against it. So the FTE per aircraft is a useful measure can have, but it's A, hard to compare across the airlines because of the outsourcing, but B, dependent on how you fit the aircraft it and give some -- a little bit of false signal, but you can really look at what we're going to try to do for the labor CASM and get that to a good order.
Andrew Watterson: I think, Bob, we -- I mean, fraction side it used to be very good progress. But when we talk about it internally, we're not talking so much of the cost you can take a hosted bigger system, breakup in micro services that are in the cloud and allows you to then get productivity and how you refresh and improve that application over time. So, it's really the speed to market for these new products and support the products is really what drives the benefit. So, it's elsewhere in the business, you get the benefit not so much any kind of hosted costs, if you will.
Andrew Watterson: I would say that the certification is a technical process between the FAA and Boeing. And I think they've been doing a good job. It's been slower than we would like, but it's been technically based and it's off a public comment. So it's an opportunity for people to comment on that for technical analysis to be done. And so we're not a party to that. We want the aircraft. It's a question of when we'll get it, not if we'll get it. So we're pleased that they're taking their time to make sure it's safe and we support whatever way the FA wants to go.
Andrew Watterson: We have already done that. So in late 2022, we changed our posture up there. Previously, we had for a long time, they have representatives at the factory. We increased it to a team of AMP license mechanics, whose job is to provide oversight of our aircraft in the production process. The Boeing provides customer quality people that are on their payroll, but our direction. And so they inspect at places where we ask in the factory the few days that Boeing takes to assemble an aircraft from the wings being built to rolling out. It's about roughly 80 areas where we have our requirements for things to be expected. Those people inspect -- our people inspect. And then several times a year, our quality assurance team goes up and inspect our inspectors to make sure everything is going well. So that provides a really good oversight in the production process once it leaves the factory, there's a customary acceptance in spectrums that happened the FAA overseas and give a final certificate of air worthiness. And then it comes on to our ops spec and we in our maintenance program, which is quite robust. And since we're by far the largest operator of the 737, we have provided lots of data and our continuing analysis and safety surveillance system allows for us to really understand the aircraft and make sure that it's performing and conforming as expected.
Andrew Watterson: I think with the benefit for Southwest Airlines, Bob, is that we have a plan and we control our destiny. We hit our plan, we get our returns where we need to be. We don't need something to break our way to judge or anything else or rule anything. Our plan delivers our results.
Andrew Watterson: Well, we get weekly updates on the status of the certification process. So we know what's been submitted and what hasn't. But obviously, then the FAA is the one who oversees that and inspect it makes ultimate decision previously, we've indicated that we had -- in our internal plan and assumption that it would be certified by April and that we would then spend time after of that. I think on our of spec that could take us at the end of the year, and therefore, it would be flat until next year. But that is -- that was only the latest assumption. We've had earlier assumptions all along this process. And as Tammy mentioned, we will modify our plan based on the new information. So should that change, we will move our assumptions and adapt our plan. So by this kind of conservative approach and giving ourselves the lead time, we won't let any kind of short-term ups or downs affect what we have planned for this year.
Bob Jordan: Yes, Jamie, obviously, there are -- I mean, there are probably as many moving parts right now as I've ever seen. You've got -- as Ryan talked about, you've got a focus on parts of the cabin that are outperforming our route network that are outperforming, you've got -- you've got a lot of capacity moving around in the industry right now. You've got mergers. So it's tough to tell that -- and on top of that, obviously, you've got capacity impacts due to aircraft delivery, the DTF issues, all those things. So I think it's not to tease out. My guess would be that all of those factors probably get worse across the year. The impact of those are going to continue to increase, especially as you see more impacts on capacity and aircraft due to potential Boeing impacts, obviously, the geared turbofan. So more to follow. On our end, obviously, we're focused on Southwest Airlines. I'm really pleased with 2023 and all that we got accomplished that we talked about. We ended the year a much better carrier than we were the year before. The area of course, where I'm not satisfied is our financial performance. We're running roughly four points under our cost of capital right now. And that is our focus here at Southwest, and we've got a really good plan here in '24…
Bob Jordan: Jamie, my apologies there. I don't know where we left off. But my point is we are focused on Southwest. We're focused in 24 years on expanding margins covering our cost of capital that sets us up for a lot of momentum to then even make even more progress in 2025. And thinking about capacity for Southwest Airlines, our capacity, our CapEx, as we plan forward, will obviously take into consideration the progress we are making against those financial goals. I just want you to know that. The backdrop of the industry, I think, is going to play out here across 2024, and we'll just have to see.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Well, let me just back up a second. Obviously, there's a lot going on with Boeing. I mean, the MAX 8 is a great aircraft. We're very satisfied with it. And like Boeing, we support the work of the FAA and the oversight to improve quality, address any issues because at the end of the day, better Boeing is good for Southwest Airlines. The -- we periodically look at aircraft manufacturers and aircraft types. That's something we take up routinely here at Southwest Airlines. We've done that in the past. And our focus right now is on our own fleet plan, our fleet plan with Boeing. Obviously, working with Boeing to get the MAX 7 certified. But we do take that up periodically. You also have to understand every -- I know you know this, but there isn't -- as such, there's no such thing as being able to derisk all of this. Even if you have multiple aircraft providers, say we were 50-50, you'd have 400 aircraft to one type and 400 of another type, and so an issue still creates great risk for the company. So the best thing that we can do is work with Boeing to make them an even better company, which is exactly what's happening. We've got great confidence again in the MAX 8, and we're eager to get to MAX-7, we're not in charge of that certification date. But no, we have confidence that Boeing will get all this figured out with the FAA will come out a better company.
Bob Jordan: And everybody, sorry about it. We're having some form of conference call issue here, my apologies. But I would just pile on just simply, maybe talk -- cover what Tammy did, which is you have decelerating capacity across the year. 10% Q1, 8% to 10% in the second quarter, 3% to 5% in the third quarter. And then the back half of the year, really is all just [indiscernible]. Trips are down, seats are down. On top of that, the initiatives and particularly the network related revenue initiatives and the development market related initiatives accelerate because they really started in March, accelerated on the summer. So you have decreasing capacity across the year, and you have an accelerated contribution from the network initiatives across the year. That's an indirect answer to your question, but that's how I'm thinking about it.
Bob Jordan: And Brandon, this is Bob. The only thing I would add is -- and this is no prediction don't read more into this than is there. You've got to meet your customers' demand and their expectations. So as those change over time, you want to understand that. You want to be -- you want to carefully understand that. And we have a history of demonstrating that. So you go back 10 years, we wouldn't have been talking about Wi-Fi. We would not have been talking about power on the aircraft. And you can go on and on and on. There was a time when we didn't even have a loyalty program here at Southwest Airlines. So as consumer demands and expectations change and you've got different generations of flyers coming into the system as well. We will constantly look at that, understand what our customers want. And then if that warrants change, we will look at that, and we will make the right decision. Again, we have a history of doing that with our product here and our customer experience. That's no predictor regarding premium in the cabin. I'm just trying to make sure that you know that we aren't stubborn in this area that as you see demands change, we'll understand that and we will react if needed.
Bob Jordan: That sentiment is fully recovered to at this point. And our NPS scores, our customer satisfaction have recently have been records and certainly back to pre-pandemic levels.
Bob Jordan: Yes, I'll answer directly and add Andrew, if you want to chime in. I think we're not ready to talk about that in maybe as much detail as you want until we get to our Investor Day here later this year. But absolutely, it's just like the goal of covering our cost of capital this year, and getting back to our historic returns and ROIC well above WACC, restoring efficiency is right alongside in terms of the key goal or a key goal. We ramped up our hiring quickly to be able to restore the network and get all of our aircraft flying. That hiring peaked in October to November, and we have been decelerating that rapidly here in the last 60 days. The plan is to, again, to grow six-or-so percent this year and then to end this year with the same or fewer heads than we began the year, which will obviously help our efficiency quite a bit. Not ready to discuss 2025, but we would have certainly a directionally similar goal in 2025. We also have a significant number to hate to tease here. We have a significant number of efficiency initiatives that we are planning around both efficiency of the aircraft, efficiency of our people and processes as we think about things like the turn, and we'll be sharing a lot more about that again in our Investor Day later this year.
Bob Jordan: I'd tell you what, you're stretching my technical abilities here, but I believe like a lot of companies, we have a path to shift to the cloud. But again, it's to shift the appropriate things to the cloud. It's not as simple as it might sound. I think we have shifted something on the order of just below 50% is what I've got in my head, and we have a goal to shift a lot more. Some of that is cost savings, absolutely. And -- but I think that is more modest. A lot of what you gain is reliability. And the ability to fail over systems and obviously support operations, support our systems, which is critical here in an airline. You have systems that can't be down 30 minutes cause you an operational problem. So, a lot of the shift to the cloud is as much a resiliency effort and a modernization of the code base and all that effort as it is a cost savings. Certainly, you'll see cost savings. And -- but I just don't -- not my guess is it's more in the tens of millions than it is hundreds of millions 
Bob Jordan: The other lease of that, too, and then we'll -- I'll stop is the -- there is a -- it's not a tech cost, but there is a very high cost, both revenue and expense and being down and having an issue. And you saw issues earlier this year or last year, like the NOTAM outage that really hurt the industry. And so to the extent that you can reduce issues, reduce the number of the issues, the length of time of an issue or reduce them completely. My guess is that is more powerful in terms of cost reduction than even the technology reduction because reducing IROPs is very powerful.
Bob Jordan: I'll start, and Andrew, you'll file in, Ali. Obviously, the certification of the MAX 7 and the issue there, that's really Boeing. I don't want to speak for Boeing or get ahead here. Obviously, we want the MAX 7 and we want it on the best timing possible. So I don't want to talk for Boeing, but it is one more thing to consider here in the certification process and certification time line.
Bob Jordan: Hey, Leslie, it's Bob. We don't -- obviously, like I said earlier, there is a lot going on in the industry. They're between merger potential mergers and acquisitions and issues with aircraft deliveries, the geared turbofan, I don't know in my 36 years in the industry. I've seen more moving parts as you have right now. One thing that's consistent here is we stick to our business. So we're focused on Southwest Airlines, improving Southwest Airlines being the best carrier that we can be improving our returns and profit and margins, all the things that we've talked about. It's impossible to speculate on what might happen. Our history would say that as opportunities arise for Southwest, if they make sense, we take a look at that. But I wouldn't want to speculate on anything going on in the industry, certainly around any other carrier.
Bob Jordan: Hey, Rajesh, Boeing has been a partner with us for 52 years. And I have absolute confidence that between the FAA oversight work that's going on, the work that Boeing is doing that Boeing will working with the FAA will address the quality issues, and we'll obviously come out of this a better company. I've talked personally to their leadership. They're committed to doing anything and everything it takes to be better and to address the problems. And as I said before, a better Boeing is very good for Southwest Airlines. So yeah, I have absolute confidence that they will work their way through this and address the issues.
Tammy Romo: Yes. I'll start off and then Ryan, if you want to jump in with any thoughts you have, really, there -- as you pointed out, there's a bit of noise year-over-year. So, probably the best way to kind of help you think through that is sequentially. As you're aware, the first quarter is seasonally a tougher quarter just in general for the airline industry. And we will have our network changes materially in place in March. So, -- and then following on into the summer, we expect to have that fully completed with our summer schedules. And then just as we continue to go through the year, we would expect our development markets to continue to mature, you're aware 10% of our system is development market. And by the end of the year, we expect that to be more in line with our historical percentage of about, call it, 5%. And then on top of that, as Ryan covered, we are -- we believe we'll continue to grow our managed business revenue. We've been with our GDS initiative, and we would expect those benefits to steadily improve as we go through the year. So, we would expect -- we've got a lot of momentum coming into this year. We would expect that to continue and [Technical Difficulty]
Tammy Romo: Yeah, you really covered it all. But yeah, the story is actually quite simple is labor cost, labor rate cost, obviously, the inflation there is more than we would have anticipated initially. So we've -- with the pilot contract, behind us. We've adjusted our accruals. So most of 2024 is associated with the step -- with the step up in scale increases, wage rate increases and enhanced benefits and Bob covered the maintenance, and we'll share more at Investor Day, but obviously, we're focused on bringing out those efficiencies as we move through 2024 and to a greater degree in 2025.
Tammy Romo: Yes, sure. It's sitting probably -- it's the high 8s, close between 8% and 9%. So we view it as about 8.6%, 8.7%.
Tammy Romo: But one thing, Brandon, just to add on, over our longer term, it's been closer to 9%. We certainly take a view, a longer-term view when we're planning in terms of our returns on invested capital.
