Gary Kelly: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings call for 2020. Obviously, we can't be happy or satisfied with the loss. But I'm going to tell you upfront some of the things that I'm happy and grateful for. Number one, the record loss was significantly less than I feared three months ago. We got past the July wobble in demand. Number two, our outlook for fourth quarter reflects a continuation of this improvement, better revenues, lower cost compared to the third quarter and assuming our October trends hold for November and December and that's of course also assuming that we have stable fuel prices. Number three, we have announced nine new destinations to be added over the next three quarters. I'm happy to have these opportunities. I'm happy to play offense. I'm happy to generate more revenue on minimal incremental cost, which means more cash. And I'm happy to put idle aircraft and excess staff to work. Number four I'm happy that there is still a chance that we can preserve pay, jobs and service by Congress extending the Payroll Support Program for another six months. Getting that support extended is a top priority. I’m hopeful that it will happen quickly so we can terminate work on our plan B, which is to press our unions to sacrifice with concessions in order to prevent furloughs as we currently are roughly 20% over staffed. Number five, I am happy that finally we seem to be nearing the ungrounding of the MAX. Number six, I’m happy that we have the scientific evidence to provide comfort and assurance that it is safe to unblock the middle seats, which will happen on December 1, and the scientific support arrives as demand continues to improve, which should absorb our 50% increase in seats offered for sale. And our models show that this will be revenue, cost and operating profit positive and that all makes me happy too. I'm happy that we have at least three years of cash and I know its borrowed money but that should see us through this crisis and if we have to, we can borrow more. Number eight, I’m happy that we're uniquely prepared for this environment with our business model. We have low cost, low fares, no hidden fees and nothing to hide, no second class, the nation's best route system, the nation's largest airline, 97% domestic and better prepared than ever to serve business travelers when they return to the skies. And then, finally, I am enormously grateful for our people. They've done a phenomenal job monitoring and adjusting this airline. They've done a phenomenal job running a superb, safe, on time, high quality operation. They've done a phenomenal job serving our customers with industry-leading hospitality. And finally, I'm grateful for their resilience and their perseverance and their devotion to our cause. Our leaders are going to continue to do everything in their power to take care of all the people who have built and operate this airline and serve our customers every day. Job one is keeping our Company financially strong and healthy and with perpetual competitive advantages. Those are a sampling of my favorite things. And yes, the worst may be behind us. And I hope there are no more surprises. And yes, we have a long way to go, but we will get through this. We will survive this, and we will emerge with the best balance sheet and the best business model to compete and thrive in the post-pandemic world. And Mike, Tom and Tammy have a lot to share with you. So, I'm going to wrap up and turn it over to Mr. Mike Van de Ven.
Gary Kelly: Yes, I’ll try, and then Tom will chime in. We've been thinking about Houston for quite some time. Houston is sort of a sprawling Metroplex. And Hobby serves Houston well, but it doesn't serve the North part of Houston which is where the growth has been over a long period of time, so I made the decision in 2005 to pull out of Bush. We had other priorities at the time and we debated at the time whether or not we were going to be giving up access to a growth region. So, the Company's come a long way in 15 years. We've had a lot of opportunities, done a lot of good things. But I just felt like at some point, we wanted to get back into Houston and rather Bush. And it's our third time. I don’t know if you know our history there, but it was actually the original Houston Airport when the Company started funny enough back in 1971. But it was in our plan for 2021. And it forecast very well. We're going to have a great schedule out of there. Houston, the City of Houston and the airport system are very supportive of Southwest, and they're a delight to work with. So, we’ve got the real estate access. I would contrast that -- so again, it’s a great opportunity. If it’s a leisure oriented world for a while, there’ll be plenty of leisure customers that we'll be able to take to and from and through Houston Intercontinental. O'Hare is different in the sense that we're going to continue to grow back to the Houston example out of Houston Hobby. We'll continue to invest and grow, not right now because of the pandemic, but this will pass. Chicago is very different. We are not able to continue to grow, once the pandemic has passed at Midway. And I'm sure you're familiar with the constraints there. So, I just can't fathom that it's a good strategy for our Company to sit here and say for the next generation we cannot grow in Chicago. So you can kind of go through the mental list of what the options are. And I can assure you that trying to expand Midway is not an option. It is just literally not a feasible option. Certainly, it's nothing that could happen in a short period of time, and it would cost a bloody fortune. So that leaves O'Hare. And O'Hare was real estate restricted, and now it's not. And so, we're there. And I'm very much looking forward to that opportunity. Like Houston, it will also offer access to a section of the metro area that we probably don't serve very well in the north. But I think we'll likely have a similar route system to begin to plug into our strengths, and I think we'll do very well there and it will complement Midway very well. And then, finally, I guess, yes, they're not leisure destinations per se, but there are plenty of consumers that we're getting on our airplanes all over our system. And again, I think pretty much explains why the timing is what it is with O'Hare. If we don't move now, we risk never getting in there. So, we're moving now.
Gary Kelly: Well, I didn't give Tom a chance to answer on the last. So I will this time. I'd -- I'll just make one point, Tom, which is we are positioned now in the corporate market to be a real player. And I think as that corporate market begins to recover, we will capture a larger share of that recovering market than our handful of competitors, number one. But number two is what I covered in my overall remarks which is we are low cost, we’re low fare. We are very well suited to serve the consumer. And I have been delighted to see how our yields have been improving here without the business customer. So I wouldn't at all assume that we can’t be successful with a smaller mix of business travelers and the implication on the fares there at all. I think we're perfectly suited to operate in this environment and have -- we've operated in recessionary environments before where business travel was depressed and recovering and performed very nicely. But Tom would --
Gary Kelly: Yes, Helane. I don't know I'm really adding anything. I think we will manage that like you would expect, and then I'll defer to Tammy and Ryan to decide how they want to share the information. But we would want to measure our growth, and we would expect that growth rate to be easily double digit. So we'll set high -- high goals for ourselves, but -- we're – we are -- the other nice thing about this is these are discrete customers. We know them, and we can monitor the traffic. So it's unlike the so-called business travel segment. We don’t know what people are traveling for unless we ask them. So this is different. This is a subset of corporate travelers. We know them. We know the travel managers, and it's something that is very, very measurable. I don't think we have enough experience right now to set a meaningful goal for a year other than a target. So as we gain some experience here, I think we'll know better whether or how effective our approach is and be able to make adjustments. But the pandemic has messed all that up as we all know. So we'll get our feet under us here, and I think be able to set some realistic goals. And Tammy and Ryan will decide how they want to share all that.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think that at some point, I think we’ve talked about this several times, I think -- I'm sorry, many times. Yes. We think that codeshare partners, airline partners would be a good thing for us both inbound and outbound. Certainly as we start to work with the more international corporate customers, they do a lot of international travel which is really unaddressable by us today. So having a good code share partner would be a good thing. It's not our priority right now, given what's going on with international and given what we’re trying to do with some other priorities. But yes, we would absolutely be a nice thing for us to have in our back pocket if you will.
Gary Kelly: And Hunter, it's a very fair question. I think the other thing that we would argue is we've got a great route network, we have great service. We have great policies. There is just more to it, and we have traditionally been as you well know very successful by the customer driving the demand and not the intermediary. So it's a classic, now near 50-year-old Southwest Airlines play. So, we feel like we're in a stronger position than ever to be able to execute well on this, but that’s fair question, and we're kind of just getting started at this. But I agree with Tom, I think that's the right way to do this, and I think we’re going to be very successful.
Gary Kelly: Well, I'm just reflecting on your pre and post the nature of your question. I don't -- Mike, I don't know that the pandemic in and of itself changes things, except that -- I mean --let's just -- we've shrunk the airline. So -- and Tammy was referring earlier to our Boeing commitment. And we don't know when we're going to grow, and we have a surplus of aircraft. So the only thing that I would willingly admit is that if there were ever a scenario for us to consider making a change in aircraft type, it would be now because we are not desperate to grow the airline and may not be for a long time. That doesn't really address the essence of your question. I think what Mike and Tammy are working on is to make sure that we're comfortable that we're going to have the best 150-ish seed narrow-body airplane in the world in terms of performance, in terms of economics, in terms of fit into our system. And it just makes -- if we have to make a change, it just -- again, I'm just admitting that the environment lends itself to the time that would be required for us to make that kind of an investment. Absent that, Mike, I don't know -- or Tammy, I don't know that there’s anything that’s really different in addressing that question. We've been very forthcoming that we are talking about to Boeing about a variety of things. And obviously, we're talking to them about the 737 MAX 7. That's a component of these -- a major component of these conversations. But Tammy, Mike anything you all would add to that.
Gary Kelly: Yes, I’ll just emphasize the point that Mike made, which is and this maybe in the essence of your question. We absolutely still need the smaller airplane prospectively. We have a ton of 737-700s that are coming up for retirement over the next five to 10 years. And we will absolutely want to replace them, but we're certainly not thinking that we want all 175 seaters. What I want -- and I hesitate to guess today, but I mean, if you assumed it's half and half, that’s probably as good a guess as anybody's right now about what the future is there, but we'll need a large number of the smaller gauge.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think M&A is always on the table. We've participated every 10 years roughly in M&A. And so, I think there's a time and a place for that. Literally today, I think it's a non-starter personally. I mean, all you would do is take on massive losses. And the only restructuring that could be done profitably is to buy and shutdown. And that -- I don't think that that’s feasible or palatable. But -- and I realize we're all -- with your question you’re assuming about well, we're all assuming we’re going to get back to normal here at some point. So I do think it's a very fair question. As to whether or not -- for us as it has been for quite some time, we're not dependent upon an acquisition to grow at all. And I think the number of new markets that we'll be deploying here are evidence of that. And that doesn't even hit the large number of beyond 48 state markets that we were interested in as priorities to these. And we were behind before the pandemic in investing in a lot of our domestic markets quite frankly that we were complaining to each other about. So I think we have ample opportunities for growth under the assumption that things begin to get back to normal. If they don't, then I think your question is much more relevant. But only when you can be comfortable that you are not just buying losses that would sink the Company. So we're just in this uncertain time period where there is just a lot of question marks. On the DOJ aspect of this, there is a failing carrier doctrine that we're all very familiar with, and every airline right now is failing in that sense. So, they're not insolvent because of the massive amounts of debt that's been taken on by the industry, but who knows how all this will play out. Right now, you have far too many seats that are available chasing far too few customers. So all of this has to get corrected. And I don't know, our General Counsel is sitting here, so I don’t -- Mark Shaw, I don’t know if you want to comment. But it seems to me you’ve got all the mechanisms you need to be able to entertain M&A in this environment as it exists today because everybody is in distress.
Gary Kelly: That's a great question. I don’t think that we -- no, we are not agnostic, absolutely not. We want to use this as an opportunity to widen our cost advantage. And I think it's a little too early to intelligently argue the prospects for that because, as usual, Jamie, you make excellent points. But as we think about late 2021 once capacity -- under an assumption that capacity begins to get back to absorbing our overhead, we're very enthused about the cost environment that we'll find ourselves in at that point. The other thing that I just don't mind sharing is that as we've said several times, we are negotiating with Boeing. And what we want is to have the lowest cost narrow-body operation in the world when it comes to an airplane. So, the other thing that I know you know very well is that all of our, again, you talked about an industry except Southwest. Well, the whole industry has made investments to match a certain size, and that size is now much lower. So by definition, the cost pressure is going to be there. And I think it just remains to be seen whether what you were describing actually turns out to be true, because that's going to be a difficult challenge to have a built an airline for 100, and then to operate at 80 [Phonetic] and to think that you’re going to have a lower cost structure. So we'll just have to see. I think one of the opportunities that -- again, we'll just be blatant about this. This is an opportunity for us to gain share to get back quicker than our competitors to where we were in terms of our operation. And we're, as I said in my opening remarks, we are the best suited for the current environment which is more heavily weighted towards the consumer and leisure travel. We've got tremendous opportunities to add new pools of revenue, which we were not able to attend to before because we didn't have enough airplanes. So now we find ourselves in this opposite position. So yes, the -- well no, we are not agnostic. And hopefully, you can see that we’re behaving in a way that we're trying to make sure that we not just maintain our cost advantage, but we're going to be looking for ways where we can extend it. And the utilization and all of that is key when you have a high fixed cost business as I know you know well.
Gary Kelly: Well, it is progressive in the sense that we're not asking everyone to contribute the same flat dollar amount. So I think percentages by definition make it progressive in that sense. I know what progressive means, so I get that. But no, it's not arbitrary as Tammy pegged the number at $0.5 billion or more. So it's a meaningful amount of money. Right now, in just very raw numbers, we're roughly 20% over-staffed. Mike, I think that -- or Tammy, I think that number equates to roughly $1 billion a year carrying cost. So I want us to be in a position where we -- back to your previous question, where we can grow or at least grow from here when the time is right. If we downsize the airline, it's much more cumbersome to try to react to that and certainly much less humane to put a bunch of people on the street. So that is the last thing that I want to do, especially at a -- with a legacy that we have in Southwest Airlines that we all care about. But if you -- if you -- there's a cost. First of all, you can't implement a furlough effectively on January 1. So you get some slippage in 2021 in terms of getting a full-year benefit of that. The other thing is there is a cost to implement a furlough both with severance, moving cost, training, all of that is not free. So you kind of do the arithmetic, and if we said, look we need some relief in 2021, we don't need this for two years is the best judgment we've come up with. You can kind of get back to -- I'd take $0.5 billion because you're not going to get $1 billion in 2021 in the first place. So number one. But number two, the logic just says, look, hey we just lost -- we had a record loss. We just lost $1.2 billion. So, the logic that I don't understand which is to say, well if you can only do $0.5 billion, why do it? Well, then you wouldn't do anything with that logic, number one. And then, number two, is well, if you come in and ask for 25% concession or a 50% concession. So you get the point. I think a lot of our logic was, let's try to be reasonable and still empathetic that 10% is a lot to ask for. But it is a lot less than what airlines have traditionally done in terms of the sacrifice that they've asked of their employees. So it's a meaningful amount of money I feel in terms of talking to our investors and our Board of Directors. I feel like it is an effective way to address our overstaffing. And it provides us some optionality to be able to respond when demand comes back. And I think morally, I feel most strongly about this, that every one of the Southwest employees that are here has worked hard to build this Company. They worked hard to serve our customers. And they -- the junior people are our future. And we owe it to them to do everything that we can with the rest of our Company to share this sacrifice and not put the burden on just a few. And I feel very strongly about that. All that has to be negotiated with the union representatives and then -- because these are contract changes, and in fact they have to be ratified by our employees. So we have a long way to go before we can arrive at that. Now that's an explanation on what we've asked for. My focus is on getting the payroll support extended. That is Plan A. And that solves all these issues. And I'm optimistic that still could happen. And if it does, we will terminate all of these requests. And I think it puts us in a very good position where we don't have to ask any of our people for a pay cut much less seek a furlough.
Gary Kelly: Okay. Well, thank you for all the great questions. I appreciate everybody joining us today. That's the end of the analyst portion of our call and have a nice afternoon.
Gary Kelly: Well, yes, Kyle, I wouldn't want to speculate on odds here. Obviously, I'm hopeful that we can get what we need to protect our people's jobs. This is an overstaffing challenge. It is huge. We have locations that have twice as many people as they need as an example. So -- and this is a problem that could persist for a long period of time, and it just carries a high cost. Our union reps have a duty to represent. The Company has a duty here to, first of all, maintain the financial health of Southwest Airlines or it puts every job in peril. So we've got a long way to go. I'm obviously hopeful that we can arrive at something quickly, and the speed is necessary because we're losing money every day. And there's just no time to waste here. What would be best, of course, is for Congress to act, and that way we could stop all of this and focus on operating a great airline here. But in any event, we're going to continue to -- we've had great dialog with our Unions, and they're almost all engaged. I’m very grateful for that, and hopefully we can arrive at what I've asked.
Gary Kelly: I do worry about all of that. I think that has very much -- has a dampening effect on air travel, which is probably stating the obvious. Tom or Mike, you guys want a -- I'm a huge proponent of the testing, and it's something that we're very engaged with.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think it's a layered approach to begin with. And it's a pretty good step forward in determining who is positive and who is not. So -- and I think the only other thing I would throw in to Alison's or just an answer to Alison's question is it's going to take some time to roll out a testing protocol, let's say, but I think it's well worth it. We were not prepared for this pandemic in this country or in the world, and we need to learn from this and be prepared for the next one even if we don't find that we need these testing protocols for this pandemic. But I think there's a risk of another one. So it just defies logic to suggest that it's not a worthwhile effort to identify those people who are sick, so they don't infect others. So I think we definitely need to press forward on this. Tom and Mike are leading the efforts to do this. And it will help with our Hawaii traffic. And as recent as today, I'm having conversations with acquaintances talking about well I'm ready to travel but where I want to go I'd have to quarantine. And Alison also asked about the change in administration. If that happens, we know what the current administration's view is on imposing quarantines. What we wouldn't know is what would a new -- if we have a new administration, what would they require, we just don't know. And so, that would be a concern. And it would certainly blunt the air travel recovery, if you have to contend with quarantines, no question about it. And Tom mentioned the word "patchwork", which is the exact image that makes it really difficult as someone in the travel and tourism industry, much less for being a traveler. You just, if you're not really on top of this, you don't know what you’re going to find. So all that needs to be addressed absolutely.
Gary Kelly: David, as I said, the bookings so far -- here we are still ways -- still pretty far ways out from Thanksgiving. But Thanksgiving and December bookings are actually looking, as I said, modestly optimistic. Things are getting a little better, and that's in spite of the rising cases right now. Every day you're seeing it. What we aren't seeing and Andrew and our revenue management team are looking every day, going back to what did the trend look like in July as an example, when bookings -- prior to this spike, bookings were trending really nicely, cancellations were coming down. And we are going back and looking at what happened in terms of the early warning system if you will, in terms of when we began to see a change, a demand signal change. And we've identified that. We kind of understand what that is. We are not seeing that right now at all with the spike in cases, we are not seeing the same kind of dynamic that we saw back in July and prior to July. And perhaps that's because this is start getting into the mindset of a consumer, perhaps people just aren't as concerned about it at this point, perhaps because you're not seeing as many hospitalizations and deaths, although both are rising right now. I get that. But perhaps people haven't been as concerned about it as they were in the past. Whatever the reason is, what we're seeing in terms of our demand and cancellations is not reflective of an increase in cases that we might have seen in July, as an example.
Gary Kelly: I can't -- like Tom, I can't see a scenario where we’re going to change our mind. And Dawn, I mean we're one of five -- I thought it was four, but I was corrected earlier today. We're one of five airlines in the world who are doing this. So there is more than ample evidence that a change is the right thing to do based on all the science that we've got available to us now. And the Department of Defense is very compelling, and they are not biased. They're not -- there is nothing self-serving about it. They want to make sure it was safe for them to move their troops around. And their conclusions I felt were very, very compelling, in addition to all the work that we've had that we've been engaged with -- with various --
Gary Kelly: Well, I know we're up at least two. They're brand new for us. Off the top of my head, I don't know what the industry capacity is there. I got to believe that it's probably down, but it's all about snow and sun right now is what I learned from our marketers.
Gary Kelly: I think we had Steamboat, maybe Jackson Hole, and -- but it's been decades since we've done that in a sort of a scheduled chartered basis. But there is enough traffic. It will support a few flights, and we've got a huge presence in Denver, you got it tied into Texas. So, it's all about giving our current customers new options and also all about trying to win some new customers on these routes. And all the research we've done will support this. And right now, the hurdle is not real high because we already have the airplanes, we already have the people. So, we're already paying for that. If we can just get enough customers on board to pay for gas, for the few extra costs, we're ahead of the game. And that's not a long-term viable business strategy, I will add tongue in cheek, but for the time being, it will work really well, and we are planning to have these in our system for many, many, many, many years. So --
Tom Nealon: I think you kind of characterized it pretty well. I think that we’ve got a -- I really do feel like we have a great opportunity in the large corporate and managed travel business. I just feel like we’ve been so underindexed there. We're going to get more than our fair share. So I think that’s a big deal, but I think this is part of the reason we're going to have to live longer if you will off of leisure travel. And that's part of the reason we’re looking forward to new revenue pools. That's part of the very strategy we have. And we have some pretty clear criteria for the markets that have been on the whiteboard for a while and that we've chosen Huawei. We’ve already vetted these things financially and operationally. But what they’ve got to do for us is to deliver quickly. So first, they need contribute quickly to reduce cash burn versus longer startup markets, two to three year startup markets. These got to be low startup up costs with quick payback. And they got to strengthen the existing network and got to have more connectivity coming from these other new stations. So, we're trying to find ways to fill in the capacity gaps, if you will. But I think that the corporate market will come back, and we're going to be stronger than you might have seen in the past, but that's why we're doing in the new markets as well I think.
Tom Nealon: Well, I’ll tell you what I'm looking at and what our team is looking at is, we're looking at contracts. We’re looking at contract compliance. So, we're looking at just the sheer number of new business travelers that we're getting. We're looking at the relationships and interactions with our corporate travel partners. And so externally, I'm not sure exactly what you should be looking at, but I know how we're going to run the business. And it is really -- it's a pretty tight way to run the business, but we are really looking at number of engagements, number of interactions, new contracts signed, contract compliance and just year-over-year revenue growth. And by the way, what are we doing to make sure the customer’s really satisfied, so it means any one-off kind of things we need to be doing to satisfy that customer. We're going to do it satisfy them because we intend to take market share. So I'm not sure exactly how I’d look at it if I were you. Certainly, we’ll report on that for you in terms of our business performance versus leisure. But internally, we’ve got a pretty myopic and pretty -- very narrow set of things we're looking at that we're executing against.
Tom Nealon: I do think that just as we do, you will be looking at -- this is GDS data, this is GDS. When you look at [indiscernible] data is like we look at the [indiscernible] and see how we're doing -- picking up share, not picking up share. But Gary's right, it’s growth and we intend to grow.
Tom Nealon: Yes, I think, once you get into the GDS world, you're going to be working with TMCs and that's part of what we do. We do want to make sure that we protect our core business and our core channel, which is southwest.com. So you're going to see us be very restrictive in terms of white label agencies that will be allowed to work with us in GDS. But I think if you want to be in that world, Hunter, I think that’s part of the deals. We want to make sure that we're working with the right ones and we're working with the right clients. But, yes, that's not something we intend to turn on to our leisure traveler, if you will.
Tom Nealon: Yes. Sure. I think at this point, I think it's a smaller issue for us today than it is for the international network carriers. But having said that, I think that it can become an issue for Southwest as well as domestic travel and travel restrictions could in fact become a bigger deal. In fact today, there is already -- I'm not sure, eight, nine states and cities that have restrictions. So, it's becoming a bigger deal for us as well. Hawaii by far is the most prolific of those. We have a testing and solution in place to handle our customers there. But I think what we really need is a more consistent less patch-worky kind of solution. It's really hard for us to be dealing with Massachusetts and New York and Rhode Island and Connecticut, then drop down New Mexico and Illinois. So you got to have some sort of consistency in terms of a testing regimen and protocol. I think that's important. And I think that honestly -- people -- I think customers need to know what they're expected to do, what test they need to take, where are they going it done, how early before they travel, and all that kind of stuff. So there's a whole lot that we need to inform customers who want to make it something achievable. But I think that’s where we are. So this is something that I know that is important for us. I think it's important for the industry. I think that's how I’d answer your question, Alison.
Tom Nealon: So let me jump into the first one, which is how we're handling Hawaii and the at-home that kind of stuff. So the approach we're taking is kind of the three pieces. One is the at-home tests. The second is we are making people aware of what pharmacies from Hawaii are approved. They are approved providers, if you will. And then, the airport in Oakland is actually doing free drive through testing, which is done day before two days before travel kind of thing. This kind of gets back to -- it's going to be interesting to see how many airports do it the same way. And how do people know what's going on? So the first thing that Southwest needs to do is make sure we have all the most current information out on southwest.com that is very clear for travel from U.S. -- from Mainland to Hawaii what you guys do. Our intent is not to get into the testing business. Our intent is to make customers very aware of what the three paths are, whether it's at home. CVS Pharmacy, just as an example, is our partner of record right now with Hawaii. I think Oakland's working with a provider called Color. Is that correct, Andrew? Well, they're working with a provider to provide the on-airport testing. So I think -- I'm kind of forgetting exactly what your question was, but there are three paths for us to be executing our testing with our customers. The big thing is just to make them aware.
Tom Nealon: Hey, Dawn, this is Tom. Well, I guess the first thing is I would never say never. Certainly, our intent is not to reverse the policy decision. And there's a lot of ample evidence for that, good scientific data for that. So I don't think we certainly don't intend to do that. I guess, just give me the rest of your question again; I had a -- customer --
Tom Nealon: Customer research. Yes. So we do customer research I'd say every week, whether it's online or chats and that kind of thing. And our customers totally get the fact that you guys are a business and you cannot survive and make money if you're only selling two-thirds of your inventory. So they don't expect us to do this forever. What they want to understand is our rationale for making the change. And the rationale is the data. And so, we have to communicate that. We're not going to be marketing all of this, but we need to communicate the rationalization for why we are doing this to our customers, and our customers tend to get it. I mean they really do. But I guess -- the answer to your question is, I can't imagine us reversing course based on everything we know, and we have talked to our customers. And we're trying to be as generous as possible in terms of extending, you want a refund, you get a refund. So, we're being very generous there. So we’re going to manage our way through it, and we'll begin communicating pretty aggressively tomorrow with our passengers.
Tom Nealon: Just to be clear the middle seat -- the open middle seat, it was really not one of our safety components or safety elements of the Southwest Promise. It was all about customer confidence and comfort. The safety piece of the Southwest Promise was the cleaning and all of the masking, all the things we just talked about. So this was really about customer confidence and getting them comfortable traveling again. Honestly, if you were to ask my family, you want us to pull middle seat back, they'd say, I like having it open because I get more room. But we understand that you can't do that. And I think that if you're just waiting for customer sentiment to be positive, it's going to be hard to get that because people actually like it, so --
Mike Van de Ven: Yes, the only thing I would add, Joseph, is in our network, there is definitely a need for what I would say 140, 150-seat airplane versus 175-seat airplane. Today -- at the present time, we're mostly focused on the MAX 8, the 175-seat airplane. And the A220 and the MAX 7, they're the two players in the marketplace. And both of those airplanes have their strengths and their disadvantages. And we're -- we made no -- we've been looking at both airplanes. We will continue that evaluation. We're just not at a point in our network; we don't really need to make those decisions until probably 2025 and beyond time frame. So today, we're just really focused on the MAX, getting the MAX back into service, making sure that we have the right delivery schedule with Boeing.
Mike Van de Ven: So, hey, Mary. This is Mike. It's good to talk to you. Yes. So when I was talking about -- we need the airplane on property coming in around that 2025 period. So, obviously, we'd have to make a decision before that. So within the next year or so, we're going to have to narrow in on what we're going to go do there and weigh all the pros and cons. As you know, introducing a second fleet type to Southwest Airlines, if we decided to introduce an A220, it's a big undertaking for us. Not only with pilot training, but with our systems and our maintenance programs. So, yes, so we need to spend the next year or so, really getting into a deep dive on all of those kinds of things and then coming up with the decision.
Mike Van de Ven: And I think we have a good bit of ski business in Boise and Reno as well as Salt Lake City and Denver. So these two new ski destinations complement a substantial amount of ski business we had in Denver where people were then driving in the mountains. So those are our kind of big ski destinations.
Mike Van de Ven: Snow and sun. Robert, years ago we had -- I think we had charter only scenarios to Steamboat out of Dallas I believe.
