Gary Kelly: And thank you very much, Marcy. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. First of all, I wanted to start by thanking Laura and her entire team, and especially Marcy in Investor Relations and Leah Koontz our Controller and our accounting department. They have done a superb job in a particularly challenging quarter, given the acquisition of AirTran. So thank you all very much.  I'm very confident whatever questions you have about the quarter from whatever angle, they can answer that. So as you all work your way through the second quarter numbers, I'll just tell you from personal experience, please be patient, and you can find your answers. But again, our kudos to the whole finance department. Great, great job. Second of all, $0.15 a share was pretty much in line with our Southwest expectations. And that is recognizing there was no public guidance for the AirTran piece of the results. And that, of course, the AirTran results were just for 2 months out of the quarter. So regardless, though, of the expectations, the results were down from a year ago, down 48%. Obviously, we can't be satisfied with that. The primary culprit, obviously, is fuel.  Our second quarter revenue results were strong. We had records across the board. For a number of years, we've significantly outperformed the domestic industry. If you look at Southwest 2011 second quarter results, we're up 27% versus 4 years ago. So it's hard for me to complain about our revenue performance.  Compared to our industry peers, we're often in a different rhythm at Southwest Airlines it seems. The comps for Southwest are tough compared to last year. We had a bang-up performance in 2010. But in any event, revenues are strong. While they are strong, and I think that strength will continue based on July's results based on our current trends, based on bookings for August and September, the rate of growth has slowed, probably beginning in June where we report very modest unit revenue growth for the month of July. Once we publish our July traffic, I believe we'll see stronger year-over-year RASM growth in August, September. If you look at the full quarter, my best guess at this point is that we'll be up year-over-year, somewhere in the low single-digits range on a combined basis. I do believe, though, we've seen some softening in business travel this summer and base that on demand for full-fare close in bookings, I don't know whether it will pick back up any time soon. Probably state the obvious, I am concerned about the U.S. economy, concerned about fuel prices. The current level of profits, obviously, demands that we take action, which right now is to manage our capacity more aggressively and very, very carefully.  AirTran announced earlier this week that it will close 4 cities next year. And Southwest announced the previous week that we'll no longer fly to certain city pairs beginning with our January flight schedule. And as the AirTran integration and conversion begins in 2012, we'll have lots of opportunities to optimize the 2 route systems, especially the AirTran side of the route system, and drive substantial unit revenue gains with that conversion. Of course, AirTran is 1 of 4 large initiatives that we have, strategic initiatives that we have at Southwest. Our all new Rapid Rewards program, which launched in March, is another one that's well underway and very much on track. Adding the 737-800 is a third initiative that's well underway and on track for first half delivery of 2012. And then finally, our reservation system replacement is a fourth significant initiative. That's a future project, and no timetable is set on that as of yet. But clearly, those are important initiatives and are certainly requiring our very keen attention. So with that very quick overview along with -- again, my thanks for a great effort once again in this quarter. I'd like to turn it over to Laura Wright, our CFO.
Gary Kelly: Interesting question. I'm just going to give you a pragmatic answer instead of a wishful answer. I've been a proponent of the re-engining solution for years now. And I think my only disappointment is we didn't come to this re-engining decision sooner, where we could guess a re-engined solution sooner. So Jamie, I'm just skeptical of the timetable to bring forward an all-new aircraft. Clearly, that's where Boeing ended up at the same place, and they were concerned about the viability of that kind of a plan. Talking about 2018, 2019, 2020, whatever it is, that's a long way away. And a lot can happen in that period of time.  So short answer is I am pleased with the decision. I'm pleased with the decision to re-engine. We were aware that, that was Boeing's decision before that was made public, and which we appreciate. And we have -- as I think you know, we've been in discussions with Boeing about that and other things for quite some time. So we are anxious to sit down with Boeing and understand just what this reengineer plane is all about. And that has not happened yet. But I expect that, that will happen soon. And Boeing continues to be our primary focus, and if that all works out to our satisfaction, we'll continue to move forward with Boeing.
Gary Kelly: Well, it does in this sense. In other words, if Boeing can meet our needs, then I think there is a scenario where we feel like we're done and we can make a commitment and be eligible to launch this re-engined product with Boeing and perhaps, with other airlines. If they don't, well then I think we're obviously -- it's a free country, and we'll consider what other options we have. But our focus at this point is and has been, despite some of the more humorous media reports here recently, it continues to be with the Boeing Company.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think that we -- first of all, we'll see what the procedure will be with the auction. And we're very interested to increase our presence in the slot-controlled markets for the obvious reasons. It's just -- it's impossible, otherwise, to get any additional capacity. So yes, I think you can expect that we're very interested. And the odds are, more likely than not, that we'll make a bid. But at this point, I don't think we -- well, first of all, it's not a done deal. So until we actually see what it is and how it's going to work, I can't give you a real firm answer. But yes, at this point, we're definitely thinking that we want to make a bid for those slots.
Gary Kelly: Well, Bill, just start at the beginning of the year when, as our thought process has been -- I don't think we're surprised to see the economy in its current state. But we were hopeful that the recovery would be stronger by now. In that kind of a strengthening environment, we were hopeful that we could deal with the reality of higher fuel cost by passing those cost on with higher fares. We've had a number of fare increases, probably an unprecedented number of fare increases in the first quarter, at least 7 this year and probably more, Marcy, than that. Clearly, I think the report today, although Laura or I probably haven't said it, we think we've pushed fares about as much as we should right now to be productive. And now, we really need to more aggressively address capacity.  In the first quarter, I kind of felt pretty good about capacity. And obviously, with fuel prices in the economic outlook now, I think we're going to need to be more aggressive in addressing capacity. So in that regard, yes, we need every dollar we can get, and especially in light of the fact that second quarter was down 48%. That's just not anything that is going to satisfy anybody here. So we have adjusted our fares so that the taxes are kept to be blunt at Southwest. The same fares that our customers were paying before the authorization lapse. And even if we are able to collect the tax all quarter long, well, collect what was the tax with that de facto fare increase, it may still not cover all of the increase in fuel cost compared to a year ago. So absolutely, we're going to continue to stay the course. Now there are media reports, of course, of how the airlines are going to help customers who have previously paid a tax collected by the airline, remitted to the treasury. And we're leading that effort to find a way to refund to our customers the tax that was collected but that is now no longer owed, which is a different question than the one that you asked, of course.
Gary Kelly: Well, the -- I would, again, just encourage you to work -- you may have already figured all this out, Bill, and maybe you're comfortable with that there are different ways to think about this. But as compared to Southwest standalone unit cost structure a year ago, adding AirTran isn't harmful at this stage. In some ways, it's helpful. But it doesn't move the Southwest 2010 unit cost needle very much, at least in my analysis. That's the second quarter, and that's the way to think about it going forward. So you'll have to wait from -- for guidance from us about how labor negotiations go as to the timing of implementing Southwest pay rates within the AirTran entity. And obviously, any AirTran employee who migrates over to Southwest, they're going to be at the Southwest pay rates. And you'll need to obviously understand how that's going to go too. So there really are 2 different pieces. It won't start until 2012, and until we get all of the labor contracts negotiated, we won't be able to provide you an answer there. You make a good point about the mismatch in the timing. I would just point out that we have other offsets within the AirTran cost structure to also help mitigate that. So in other words, we are not totally dependent upon revenue synergies to manage the change in cost within the AirTran unit.
Gary Kelly: Well, I'll just take it in reverse. No, we're not -- the discussion that we're having is not planning for a recession. And so that would be plan B, if you will. Whether I'm confident that we'll be able to manage our way through higher -- really, we're talking about higher fuel prices. And that, I think, if you go back and match up the performance to the guidance that Laura and our team provided at the end of the first quarter, we're in line with that guidance, except for fuel costs. So fuel cost is an important piece that we're going to have to manage here. But I think you take the 3 to 4 strategic efforts that we have underway. You add that to, not really add it, but then you just focus on the opportunities that we believe that we have within the capacity optimization to drive unit revenues, and I think we're very confident. I think the big question is, if you set a recession risk aside, it continues to be at what fuel price? And we keep chasing the target up. And we're concerned about that. So I think that, that certainly suggest that we need to be very mindful of any fleet or capacity increases at this point in time.
Gary Kelly: Well, our cost of capital, I think, is well below 15% first out. I think -- what I've asked our team to do is -- let's get to our cost of capital first, then we'll get to 15%, second. And then I think we can make some good judgments about how we want to invest in the business from that point forward. But it's been a long drought, Dan. There's no question about it. And I think Laura made the case very clearly, that the crack spreads have sort of added insult to injury here with fuel costs. So energy prices, well I think we were planning on a $90 crude oil mas o menos for 2011. And effectively, it's been closer to $120 here recently with the Brent prices. So it is obvious that we're not covering that kind of a fuel price yet, and we're determined to do that.  Now you look at the 4 initiatives that we have, including AirTran, and they're, in the aggregate, worth over $1 billion. I think the other thing that we're going to need to do in addition to those and managing the capacity here more aggressively, is we're just going to have to attack our cost inflation much more aggressively. The focus for the last 5 years, starting with me, has been on investing in and improving the customer experience to drive more revenues. And we're going to have to gradually turn our sights here much more aggressively to optimizing our cost structure. It's tough to do both simultaneously. Everybody at Southwest Airlines is working very, very hard with a lot of construction underway. And we're very, very mindful of that. But at the end of the day, we need to make our -- hit our return targets. And well, they're not targets, they're requirements. We've got to do it, and I'm confident that we will.
Gary Kelly: I don't think we're thinking about it that way anymore. We probably can. But one headline is just to remember that once we get into a conversion process, we're going to have to take equipment out of AirTran to remodel it. So the AirTran capacity is -- and it's converting at the same time. So it's going to be coming -- But we're not going to be putting any more airplanes into AirTran. We'll be pulling airplanes out of AirTran beginning in the first quarter.
Gary Kelly: So we have a hard -- in other words, Duane, when you ask the question that way, we're not -- it's hard for us to think that way, because AirTran will -- it's going to be shrinking. It will be shrinking, and we don't quite know yet exactly how aggressively. But it'll be numbers of airplanes per month once we get it up and running after SOC.
Gary Kelly: I think that's the new normal. So it's June. June was a little off trend, and then July was off trend yet again. So I think that you asked a very fair question. I don't know that we're certain that we know the answer to that yet. Look at our revenue performance over a longer period of time, and it's very strong. Some of it could simply be year-over-year comps. And of course, I know you know the numbers. But our 2010 performance was off the chart. So if you're looking at it that way, I don't think that, that will draw the best conclusion. On the other hand, if we're all looking at each other as compared to how we did in June, I think that's a pretty fair way to compare us. And I think we've got a little work to do ourselves before we draw any conclusions there.  We have obvious things to explore, how our new -- with respect to new markets and new capacity that's been deployed. How are they performing, and what our expectations in the near-term? We'll look at pricing actions that we've taken, sale activity and just basic revenue management, which is never basic, is the problem. It's easy to say and hard to do. But we'll be doing all of those things. In the meantime, though, we have some -- from a revenue management or a profit management performance, we have some "no regret" moves with capacity, which those are the ones that I referred to earlier, where we're going to -- AirTran is going to discontinue service to some cities, and then Southwest has discontinued some nonstop city pairs. And there will be more, I'm afraid. With energy prices continuing to be high, we'll probably have to continue to aggressively optimize the flight schedule. The great opportunity being, of course, where we take AirTran schedule and convert it into Southwest. I can assure you, it won't look the same. It's going to be different. And that'll -- if we've optimized Southwest over the last year, it'll be a super optimization effort that will take place there.
Gary Kelly: Yes, I could say the same thing. I think that first of all, the AirTran route system underperforms the Southwest route system. And there's a mix of traffic, there's connections, there are small cities, there are subsidies, there's a whole bunch of things that are very different than the Southwest route system. And we will want to -- we have ideas and obviously, the very talented former AirTran management we have under contract and consulting agreements. And we'll want to work closely with them and get their views. But the point is, we see some significant opportunities to improve the unit revenue performance of that entity.
Gary Kelly: Gary, the only thing that -- and I agree with everything Bob said. We'll be moving people from AirTran into Southwest. Laura and her department as an example has already done that in finance. So there are exceptions to that general rule that Bob mentioned. But by and large, in the operating groups, yes, the contract folks, they're going to come with the airplanes once they're paid in the Southwest livery, unless we negotiate something different which would logically be after SOC, their pay wouldn't change until they're a Southwest employee.
Gary Kelly: Yes, our experience there has been good. We're a little fish in a big pond there, and mostly driving our business from our -- the destination markets. We're looking to drive, most of our business right now, looking to Newark as a destination, maybe as a little bit clearer way to say that. And that's not at all surprising to us and certainly, what our expectation is. Load factors are solid. It didn't start off really hot it is a contrast of the presence that we have in South Carolina. It started off like gangbusters. So it's a little -- it takes a little bit more effort to get established and create awareness, but I feel like that's been done. Newark, it is a tough environment to operate in. There is no question about that. We went in with our eyes wide open, and we're operating a schedule that is pretty modest. And I think that, that makes sense. It is one of the most congested airports in the country.
Gary Kelly: You bet. I'd just take it in reverse. No, I don't think there's any meaningful interplay between Philly and Baltimore that is worrisome to us. I think Philly, Pittsburgh -- I'll just admit to you, that's personally a disappointment for me. That's a classic short-haul market. It is extraordinarily weak. And it was not big for us, by the way. We started out with 8 daily departures there, and it never "took off." Remember, we opened Pittsburgh in '05, Philly in '04. We went to 6 daily departures, and we were down to just 4 dailies. And even -- we couldn't even make that work. So the demand across the country and many short-haul markets is very weak compared to what it was even in the 1990s. So it's actually not atypical. I'd love to be in the market but again, we just couldn't make it work. There's just not enough demand there.
Gary Kelly: That is a fact. And even if you look at a longer time horizon than a decade, even 20 years, you know well the cycles and the effect, especially on business travel. But typically, post recession, those markets rebound. And many short-haul markets did not rebound after the 2001 recession, which is obviously compounded by 9/11. A lot of theories on why, and I don't need to speculate here on why that might be. But we have tried to mitigate that risk by diversifying our route structure. And of course, you've seen us fly longer and longer over the last 10 years. And we've also facilitated more connecting opportunities, which has worked out handsomely for us as well. But those are some of the business reasons that we've done that. You look -- Interestingly enough, when you look at -- nobody really asked the question, but since I'm talking, I'll go ahead and share this with you all. When you look at the current performance in the second quarter, our short-haul market's revenue performance is very strong, intra-Cal, intra-Texas, so I wouldn't extrapolate our Pittsburgh, Philly report too much because we still have a dominant share of our flights, are in short-haul markets and obviously, they produced a very significant profit for us.
Gary Kelly: Yes, Bags Fly Free will definitely continue. So there is no intent to begin to message differently on Bags Fly Free, just to make that clear. We're very committed to Bags Fly Free because it works. And it generates a lot of profits for us with that approach. We have an all-new program in terms of the Rapid Rewards and so had agreed that we were going to put a lot of advertising muscle behind that. And as Laura reported earlier, we think it's just working magnificently. The membership increases are off the chart as are other revenues, the fair premium we get from our frequent flyers and on and on and on. I'm kind of shuddered to think what the revenues might be without some of that boost, quite frankly. So that's all that is. And we've run those ads for quite some time now, and you can -- I'll give you a little wink, and you'll be able to look forward to some new stuff coming pretty soon so.
Gary Kelly: Mike, I'm not sure I can say a lot. With respect to the -- just sort of the drama of that one, I don't recall anything like you're describing. I'm not saying it didn't happen that way. But in other words, what I am comfortable in sharing is we didn't put a fare increase out and then change our minds. So I don't mind telling you that. We did not do that. What we did, and I'm not sure -- of course, fares change so much. But with respect to -- I don't know that I'm comfortable talking about our philosophy or what we might do next, other than what we've already said, which is we do sense that there are problems with the economy. Common sense would tell us that, that might have some impact on business travel. We know that we have the majority of our traffic flying for personal reasons and more consumer-oriented, when we all know that they're price-sensitive. And it just feels like -- we know we've been -- and finally, we know that we've been aggressive this year in moving fares up.  Now, having said all of that, that clearly, that creates an image that we're not really bullish about the demand right now. And that's why we have acknowledged that we'll be aggressively addressing capacity. Having said all of that, that doesn't necessarily mean that we have perfectly managed our fares. And it doesn't mean that we could not have had higher fares in certain ways or certain days or with various fare sales or what not. And we'll be reviewing all of that as we always do. But no, I think it -- my way of saying this, and I think that we're very consistent with the industry, personally, and very consistent with what we're seeing and hearing from other businesses, is that we've been able to grow our revenues aggressively post recession, but that the rate of growth is slowing. And that slowing, we began to see signs of that in the second quarter. And it seems to me that, that slowing rate of growth is continuing here into the third quarter. It's not saying that we have a weak revenue environment. It's not saying that it is soft. It's not saying that it's getting worse. It's just that the rate of improvement is slowing.
Laura Wright: Yes, there's definitely excess checks on the cargo, which during the period, the taxes lapse is helpful. So you're absolutely right.
Laura Wright: Yes. Duane, I think the best way, going forward, really is to think about everything on a combined basis. That's just the way we'll be talking about it in planning.
Laura Wright: Yes. So Mike, it was really on the passenger side. But you should really think of that as the majority of it. The other items that you're talking about are not as material. But it was really for the 10-day period, from July 23 through the 1st, the impact of the fare increase we took for both Southwest and AirTran was about $36 million in ticket sales during that 10-day period.
Laura Wright: We just like to thank everybody for listening in this morning. Marcy and her team will be available as usual for any follow-up questions. Thank you all.
