Andrew Watterson: Thank you, Ryan, and hello, everyone. I'd like to start out by thanking our incredible Southwest employees for continuing to deliver a strong operational performance. We produced a solid first quarter completion factor of 98.5%, our highest first quarter performance over the past 5 years. We delivered year-over-year improvement in early morning originators, turn compliance and turn differential and mishandled bag rate, and again saw a year-over-year improvement in our Trip Net Promoter Score, as Ryan mentioned. Our on-time performance declined slightly year-over-year, largely due to weather challenges and delays driven by ATC programs.  However, I'm pleased to report that we improved year-over-year on-time performance for the month of March. I'm proud of the hard work and investments made to bolster our winter preparedness and modernize our operations, and I'm encouraged to see these efforts pay off in our operational performance.  Picking up where Bob and Tammy left off, I want to stress that we remain focused on wringing out operational inefficiencies, increasing asset productivity and creating operating leverage by reducing structural costs. Our Southwest Turn initiative, which Bob shared, is tracking ahead of schedule and is a critical component of these efforts.  One of the key elements include eliminating the need for printing on every flight, reducing the number of employee trips up and down the jet bridge, and recovering faster during the regular operations. We reached an important milestone in this multiyear effort just last week, with the launch of electronic flight folders, which modernized several of our flight planning processes by digitizing documents used by our pilots, dispatchers and ops agents.  We also continue to make progress on modernizing the airport experience, and that initiative is also coming together faster than originally planned. Our efforts for improving the lobby customer experience are on track to provide improvement to staffing standards ahead of the original schedule. We are working on updated schedules and look forward to sharing those with you as well.  I'd also like to highlight a new application called SkyPath we recently implemented and planned for our pilots and dispatchers to provide better awareness of turbulence along a flight path. This industry-leading system uses iPad sensors and GPS data from pilot's electronic flight bags to detect turbulence in real time, aggregating and sharing data from across -- from users across several airlines in North America.  Our teams worked cross-functionally to accelerate the launch of this app for the spring season when we intend to see more turbulence across the network. And it's another tool we can use to support employees with additional information for decision-making, improve the onboard experience for customers and reduce operational risk.  We look forward to sharing more on these and an expansive multiyear initiative-based efforts at Investor Day in September. Finally, I'd like to close by congratulating all of our employees who reached agreements on new contracts over the past year or a little bit more than a year plus. Each contract requires a significant amount of work. And as always, we remain committed to rewarding our deserving employees. With that, I'll turn it back over to Julia. 
Andrew Watterson: Yes, this is Andrew. I'll add on. Some of the kind of bigger issues that slowed us down was with our crew contracts, our reserve periods. We had 2 reserve periods, for the pilots, in particular, and didn't allow for good coverage of red eyes. And so with a new contract, we'll eventually go to 3 reserve periods and allow us to better have reserve pilots on standby should there be a problem.  So we didn't want to have those -- on a larger scale, those flights unexposed -- or exposed, rather, to no reserve. So the new contracts allow us the flexibility to have extra reserve periods, and that makes us much more comfortable proceeding. 
Andrew Watterson: And I'd add, Bob, our PSS is the industry standard Amadeus tool, which obviously works in those environments. So the underlying system is not prohibited from doing that. 
Andrew Watterson: And I think you take the sources of growth that Bob talked about and the network restructure, that does imply that our central tenancy is for seats to trail ASMs and for trips to trail seats. That's a natural consequence of those actions. 
Andrew Watterson: Yes. We staged senior leaders there last night. So at very early morning hours, our people -- our leaders were there to explain the whys to the employees as well as to the airports, and then also to go through with them the different options they'll have for moving. It's a seniority-based system with our unions, and so how that will all work for them. And so they've gone through that.  There's obviously a range of emotions. People chose to relocate there, and so they will have some natural disappointment in the short term. But these people have long careers in Southwest Airlines, and our ground employees tend to move around a decent amount anyway. So we expect most of them to take advantage, if not all, of the opportunities to relocate to other stations. 
Andrew Watterson: There are about -- we took about half of O'Hare down from about 30 something flights to about 15, 18 flights during the seasoned day of the week. So it's about a 50% reduction in Atlanta. I can't remember off the top of my head, Ryan. It was 30%, I want to say, off the top of my head. 
Andrew Watterson: Yes, it's unfortunate. We had been restoring Atlanta over the course of post pandemic. We could never quite get back to the level of performance we needed there at the scale we needed. And so it's been reduced back down to a level just shortly coming out of the pandemic. And so it's still substantial activity there, it's just not as big as it was before. 
Andrew Watterson: Yes. I don't think we give a breakdown by work group, David. There'll be some that will be back office, i.e., people that work at headquarters, some that will be at frontline. We have -- there's natural attrition that goes along throughout the company, whether one reaches retirement age or one decides to go find a different job. You have that natural.  We have a good history on that, so we can model out what that's going to look like and which ones we need to backfill, which ones do not need to backfill, and that's how we get to these projections. It's not any kind of reduction in force or eliminating people currently employed. It's more when positions become available, not backfilling them. 
Andrew Watterson: Yes. And I'll just quickly emphasize on that, Leslie. It's not 1% of our bookings that got canceled because of all of those people who canceled. And so yesterday, 0.4% of people canceled and 1% of that, 0.4%, said it was safety concerns. So it's a very small number of an extraordinarily small number that did that, which is why Ryan would say it's immaterial or even inconsequential. 
Andrew Watterson: That was also quite small. I mean we also track people who look at what the aircraft type is on the website, and those really didn't see any movement of consequence in there. And so it seems like this is not something that customers investigate any great deal. With the very early days of the MAX grounding, there were some interests heightened to that.  When the MAX came back, it was -- we prepared as if it would be a thing of interest, and it was not a thing of interest. And currently, customers are acting as if it's not a thing of interest as well. So it's I think that even though Boeing is having individual controllers as a company, customers are trusting at least Southwest Airlines and that we will operate our aircraft safely. 
Andrew Watterson: Rajesh, this is Andrew. And so what we're doing right now that we've spoken of is the voluntary time-off has roughly been with our ground operations, flight attendants and some of our call center people. They've taken advantage of that for flexibility in their programs. We do not have anything with our pilots at the moment. A provision of our contract requires us to consult with them, and we will certainly do that before we do anything with regards to our pilots. 
Andrew Watterson: Andrew, again, I'll take that because I was up there with Bob on our visit. And so really, we're impressed by how Boeing is putting kind of quality ahead of short-term profit, so to speak. So an example is, they have many portions in their factory. There's like 10 stations they go through the construction. They don't allow anything to progress past stage 3 that has troubled work. And so that creates gaps in their factory, which then leads to obviously a plane that's not sold and delivered that month.  So the fact they're taking this very strong approach to bring quality out in the early stages of the production process from their suppliers is a much different approach. And frankly, is one that puts safety ahead of profitability in the short term. But it's obviously they're a long-term interest. So we were very impressed by that kind of not just change of words, but by change of actions. 
Andrew Watterson: Thank you for the question. In 2022, we increased from having just a representative, which other airlines have, to having a team of AMP-certified mechanics on process, on site to inspect our aircraft as they go through the production process. I believe there's north of 85 inspection points that they look at between entering the factory and exiting the factory.  And so that is the way we assure day-to-day that our quality of aircraft is maintained. We additionally have the engagement at the executive level that Bob talked about where we also see good results. So overall, our heightened attention to Boeing and the quality of the aircraft they manufacture has been going on for a while, and we think it's bearing fruit. 
Andrew Watterson: I think you also have to look at the revenue per square foot you get in the cabin, and so it can be seem like you may want to have a fancy product. But if it doesn't generate revenue off of that square foot you have in the cabin, then it's necessarily not worth it. So we take a strong eye to the revenue that any of our products would generate as we evaluate this. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. Mike, thanks for the question. First of all, we are thrilled to have an agreement with our wonderful flight attendants. And at the end of the quarter, we had roughly $625 million accrued for labor agreements that we expect to pay out for the remainder of this year. 
Tammy Romo: No. The only thing I just might reiterate is we'll look to align our capacity growth for 2025 with demand. So we've got a little bit of time here. And obviously, one thing I'd point out is we do have fleet flexibility by design. So we'll continue to evaluate that. And then just at a higher level, again, we do plan to grow below macroeconomic growth trends until we get our financial going in the right direction to achieve our goals. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. Jamie, we're focused, as Bob said, on generating free cash flow. Ultimately, we're working to restore our financial returns. So this year, we're very focused on what we can control. And we are working on lowering our CapEx. That's already come down quite a bit, as we've already shared. And just in terms of the liquidity targets that we have established with our Board, we do have a minimum cash target of $6 billion, which, of course, is on top of our revolver. So we're really working to manage, obviously, our operating cash flows and very focused on that, as we've taken you through in our remarks, and also working to balance that with our capital spending.  So we are happy that we have our dividends reinstated. So no plans, at least, at this point, with the Board. But obviously, we'll continue to have those discussions as we move throughout the year.  And again, Jamie, too, we -- our goal, as ever, is to maintain our investment-grade balance sheet and work towards our long-term leverage goal, which is in the low to mid-30% range. Obviously, we're sitting higher than that now, but we have our eye on that goal as well. 
Tammy Romo: Yes, Savi. We're -- as we said, we're expecting CapEx this year at $2.5 billion, and that includes about $1 billion in aircraft spend. We are working through our plans for next year. So it's a bit early to give you guidance for next year. Obviously, we're working through that actively now. So we'll update you on our CapEx spending plans as part of our comprehensive update in September at our Investor Day. 
Tammy Romo: We are absolutely working with the view to generate free cash flow. We -- so that will obviously be part of the equation as we pull together our plan for next year. Okay. That wraps up the analyst portion of today's call. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day. 
Ryan Green: Yes. Mike, the -- we can move technology time lines around by reprioritizing things here and there. And so some of the gating -- there are crew scheduling changes that need to be made on a -- from a red eye standpoint. There are some changes that need to be made with some of our operational systems. And we can choose how fast or how fast to do those things and what elements go before or after them. So the 2-year was a rough estimate. We can go faster than that if we choose to do so. But it's just kind of a myriad of technology-related items. 
Ryan Green: Duane, I think there is definitely regional performance. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that the West Coast did well. Particularly intra-Cal RASM and margins are up double digits year-over-year. Phoenix is doing really well. Vegas is doing really well. Of course, Vegas had some assistance there with the Super Bowl being there in February in the first quarter.  But all those markets performing very, very well. The Northeast performed well. In Florida, there's been a lot of talk about Florida. Florida, we have above system average RASM. In Florida, it's come under pressure with some of the capacity growth there, but still, RASM is above system averages in Florida. So there's strength across the network.  Of course, we've got some weaknesses in the development markets, which we've talked about. And we've got plans underway to address with the station closures that we've talked about. And then we've restructured some of those development markets and some of the schedules that we've had to republish here as a result of the Boeing delivery delays.  But yes, there's -- as always, with the network, the -- it's a portfolio, and you've got markets that performed better than others. We're focused on making some improvements in those development markets. 
Ryan Green: Savi, yes, managed business was up very healthy in the first quarter, up 25% and reached a significant milestone in getting back to flat to 2019 levels. So we were really pleased with that. That was driven by a double-digit increase in unique travelers traveling under a contract in the managed business space. So that just means we're penetrating deeper into accounts. We're growing the number of companies under accounts, and we continue to pick up market share there. As we look forward, we expect the performance to continue and to accelerate the sequential performance in the second quarter to be better than the first. And it's kind of -- it's across the board. Our top 15 industries, 11 of those had double-digit growth year-over-year. So the performance is widespread, and we expect it to continue and to help our revenue performance as we go forward. 
Ryan Green: Mary, it's Ryan. Well, it's new. As you know, it was just issued yesterday. So we're digesting exactly what all of that means. But based on our read, so far, I don't expect that it's going to be a significant impact. Of course, we already have the most customer-friendly policies in the industry. So we're best positioned to comply with any of these new regulations out of the gate.  And today, if there's a long delay or a cancellation, customers can receive a refund from Southwest. So there's no real change there from our standpoint. And then, of course, unique in the industry, flight credits don't expire with Southwest, if you have to cancel your flight for any reason. But in general, we're proud to be unique among airlines in having these customer-friendly policies. No bag fees, no change fees, flight credits don't expire, we don't nickel and dime customers.  But the -- those are our choices without government intervention. And it shows the marketplace works as consumers want different choices in who they fly. So again, I'd just point to the fact that we have the most customer-friendly policies in the industry, and I just don't see a tremendous amount of impact to Southwest from this. 
Ryan Green: Yes. The only other thing that I would add is that we certainly are serving on the front end to see how top of mind it is for consumers when they're making a booking. And then we also look at cancellations and ask customers once they cancel a flight, what their reasons for cancellations were. And safety concerns or a Boeing aircraft as a result of that on the cancellation side is 1% of our cancellations. So it's a very, very small number, not material, I don't think, to the overall picture. 
Ryan Green: I think the markets themselves were just performing at a level that we needed to make the tough choice to remove them from the network. And I don't think that a smaller aircraft would have had a material difference on those markets. 
Ryan Green: Yes, I would agree with that on the incremental products. But what we are doing and what we can continue to do is to get better at how we price those products and drive incremental yield from those ancillary products.  In total, our ancillary revenue in the first quarter was up 18% year-over-year. So well in excess of our O&D passenger growth. So we continue to push on optimizing for revenue there on our ancillary products, particularly the boarding products. But in terms of adding incremental products, it's tough to imagine how that would fit into the current boarding process. 
Ryan Green: Leslie, I'll try and take all of those. The first one on what we're learning from customer research, I think just stay tuned there. We'll have more to share on what we're learning and how that factors into what we may do different, if anything, at all. I will say though, the Southwest Airlines is -- we will stay true no matter what we do to the brand and who we are and how we approach customers. And I think things like curtains and things like that are a bit far field from who Southwest Airlines is.  On your bag fee question, no, we are not considering bag fees. The reason we're not considering bag fees is because people choose Southwest Airlines because we don't have bag fees. If you go look the most recent J.D. Power survey, which, obviously, is an independent syndicated piece of research that's well respected in the industry. Over 60% of customers say that they choose Southwest Airlines as one of their top reasons because of bag fees. You -- companies love to have differentiation in their product that drives customer preference and drives customer choice.  Our next closest competitor on that measure is Alaska at $19. So we get 3x the preference in terms of bag fees relative to our competition. So that's why bag fees are not on the table for consideration. On the 1% of cancellations, it's a very small number. We don't -- our overall cancellation rate is a very small number, so 1% of that is a very, very small number. So it's not material. 
Ryan Green: I think you hit it all. Clearly, with any sort of transformational change, you're going to have a very robust, highly scientific, very sophisticated statistical models and research methodologies to test all of those things that Bob walked through. that's what anybody would expect of a company like Southwest, and that's the rigor at which we are approaching studying this issue. 
Ryan Green: Look, we're going to study customer -- like we've said, we're going to study customer preferences, but there's strong demand today for Southwest Airlines and the brand that we put and the product that we put in the marketplace today, it has worked for us for over 50 years, and customers understand well who we are and what we bring to the marketplace. We're not going to try to be somebody that we're not. And so we'll study it all, but we're -- at the end of the day, we're going to remain true to who Southwest Airlines is. 
Robert Jordan: And Mike, this is Bob. You didn't ask this, but on the why, maybe not just the. Timing. But obviously, we've known for a long time, our customers want red eye flying. It's a little bit limited in scope, but there are red eye flights that are very desirable for our customers. And so we wanted to do this.  It also allows us to add capacity, just like this turn work where you can add the capacity, and there's no CapEx related. You are just using the aircraft at higher utilization. So that's something we want to do, obviously.  And then in a period here where we are overstaffed because we were shooting for a higher fleet number. Any incremental flying like that, that makes sense. Obviously, it alleviates at least a piece of that overstaffing with our pilots. So that's one to give a background on the why in addition to the long. 
Robert Jordan: You bet, and thanks for the question. I think maybe I'd just start a little wider, which is we are always studying what our customer preferences are and if they're changing. That's now, over time -- and we're committed to meeting them. It's over time, we've added things like WiFi, and now we're adding seat power. We've added larger overhead bins, and so we're committed to meeting our customers' preferences.  And just to be transparent, we've been seriously studying this question around onboard seating in our cabin for a while. And to get at what you just said, which is an understanding of what customer expectations are today, I'm proud of our product today and our customers love it. But it was designed at a time when load factors were lower.  And higher load factors do change the way preferences work, the operation works and also our customer. The customer expectations change over time. So there's no decision. There's nothing to report, other than we are seriously looking at this. But early indications, both for our customers and for Southwest, look pretty darn interesting. So I'll just leave it there and more to follow. 
Robert Jordan: Well, we just don't -- I don't want to get into details because a lot of those we don't have. Again, we're looking at customer preference. Obviously, the -- how would you do it technically, how long would it, what impact, if any, would it have on the operation? Obviously, what's the financial impact?  All of those things beyond the customer preference go in to how you make your decision. So again, I'll just say we're looking at this very seriously and more to come. And we look forward to sharing where we are at our Investor Day on September 26. 
Robert Jordan: And maybe the other thing to add, too, just to disconnect from Boeing, is the work on the network that work to moderate -- significantly moderate our capacity isn't just Boeing. I mean, this is something we need to do. We need to manage ourselves, manage our appetite, continue to mature the network, continues, as Ryan said, to work on the part of the network that is underperforming and moderate our capacity until we are hitting our financial targets.  Obviously, moderating your capacity manages down CapEx. Managing down CapEx is critical to free cash flow. It all helps us achieve our ROIC targets. So I don't want to lay this at the feet. The capacity discipline and the network adjustments are Boeing. We are doing those things because we need to do those things to restore our financial -- our progress against our financial targets, and we will absolutely continue on that path until we get there. 
Robert Jordan: Yes. Jamie, there's a lot in your question. So let me just start with we -- just to balance things out. Our financial returns are nowhere close to what we need and what we want them to be, period. And we will be relentless until we achieve those. The company -- so that is absolute.  The company is not grim. In other words, we have significant demand for our product. We have awesome employees. We have real improvement in our operational performance and reliability. We had the best completion factor in 5 years. We have some of our highest NPS scores ever, on and on and on. So the company has a pile of just absolute attributes that our customers love. So I would sort of separate the grim in terms of our financial returns, which I agree, and the company is grim.  Now your second -- your question is, is that -- does everybody know that? And are we aligned? Absolutely. We had a special all-senior leader meeting Tuesday, as an example, before this, to walk through exactly what we need to be doing, how to be thinking, what to be doing around the plan, how to be executing.  I have multiple times-per-year meeting with every leader at this company, from supervisors on up, that's 4,000 people, where I can talk directly to them about what we need to be doing. The messaging may be slightly different. In other words, the messaging for them may be how they need to think about costs, how they need to be thinking about winning and capturing and retaining customers.  But absolutely, there is a line of top to bottom and focus. We have a solid plan with solid actions that we are all committed to, and it's comprehensive. And it all drives towards restoring our financial returns and hitting our ROIC targets. We are committed to continued network adjustments to specifically address underperforming markets. We're committed to adjusting our capacity and managing down CapEx, as we just talked about.  We're created -- we're committed to creating capacity through initiatives, like the turn reduction and the red-eye flying because that creates capacity without spending a dollar on aircraft.. We're committed to enhancing our revenue performance and our demand through tuning our RM system and the major marketing efforts that Ryan has underway to drive demand and loyalty.  We're committed to offsetting our cost pressures through efficiency efforts and programs to reduce head count. We're going to be down 2,000 this year, down further next year, and we're down close to another 800 right now on top of that through these voluntary time-off programs. And we're committed to a set of new strategic initiatives. I've hinted it, boarding and seating and the cabin, and we're going to share those with you at Investor Day. 
Robert Jordan: We have a very -- as you would expect, we take care of our employees, we take care of our partners, and we have a very rich communication plan that -- to go in the right order, to make sure we communicate with folks, it's done with compassion. Our employees will be offered jobs in other cities. And so they have a lot of options. But no, we handled all this, as you would expect, Southwest Airlines to handle it. 
Robert Jordan: You bet, Dawn. Thank you. I think the -- it's what you say that the difference is we -- this is something that we look at on sort of on the surface pretty regularly. But in terms of a very deep dive of understanding customer preference and what we might do, that's something we do less frequently.  So the answer was different 6 months ago because the work has really accelerated. It's work that we've done since then. And there's a lot of discussion out there about just cabin and premium and all kinds of things. So it may be, just generally, a customer preference. So it makes sense in terms of timing to study that.  Again, we always want to understand what our customers want and desire. And so again, we're -- I'll just again to tell you that we are very seriously studying this, and we're pretty deep in that study. And again, nothing to reveal today, except that there are some interesting indications in terms of what this could mean to us and what it can mean to our customers. Again, nothing to reveal.  On your question about, are there other things you could do in boarding in particular? Our boarding process, we changed -- actually, it's over -- I think it's over a decade ago at this point, is very well received by our customers because it's very organized and the way you line up. We have worked hard to monetize that and give our customers choice. You -- we give you choice around how you think about your boarding position, and that's more important to some customers than others.  But we've got that. We've got Business Select. We have an upgraded boarding at the gate product. I will admit, it is hard for me. Ryan might tag in here. It's hard for me to think of how we can, really, from a financial perspective or a customer desire perspective, really push that even further. I think the products that we've added really attack what our customers want. So being just blunt. It is hard to think about how to implement more products related to boarding. 
Robert Jordan: No, you're -- you -- I think you're exactly right, which is that's why you want to look at all of these things. And we're just not ready to tell you exactly what we're studying, and we're not ready to tell you then how that could, if we decide to go forward, turn into a different product design and a plan. But yes, just conceptually, that where you're going is the reason we're looking at this is we know, over time, customer preference has changed. They have my whole 36 years here at Southwest Airlines.  And we have changed a lot. We've changed our boarding. We've changed our -- the product that we offer on board. We added loyalty programs and modified those. So we are constantly changing to meet customer demand. So it's critical to understand 3 things. Number one, what do your customers want? And that's really what we're studying right now.  Two, what does that do to the way you operate the airline? Because we are obviously a bedrock of the company, is operating very efficiently, having a quick operation, great turn times, being efficient. And so making sure that whatever you might want to do, it's fit in with that.  And then obviously, the third piece is, is it financially beneficial? Back to hitting our financial goals, a piece of this is, as Ryan mentioned, continuing to drive progress against our financial aspirations and goals and hitting our ROIC and margin goals. So all those 3 things have to work together. And we're just not ready to share details today, but we will be, as we move across the summer and into our Investor Day in September. 
Robert Jordan: David, thank you. And yes, no, thanks for allowing me the ability to clarify that. We have line of sight on the 2,000 that does not include furloughs. or anything like that, that we don't want to put on the table. And then it also does not include a headcount that are effectively sort of out of the workforce in terms of not being paid because they are on voluntary unpaid leave. So it doesn't even count that.  So this is really through attrition, in some cases, reassigning folks to other work that does need to be done. But it's also coming through pretty sophisticated initiatives. We have initiatives underway to use Gen AI to automate the way we handle -- cut some of our customer support functions, generate responses, decide what to do with the customer request.  We have other significant continuous improvement in automation going on in other parts of the company, and we plan to accelerate that. So not furloughs. It is primarily through planned attrition that we know we have a line of sight to. So and again, the line of sight to the 2,000, the folks that are effectively out of the workforce because we're not -- they're not being paid in their own voluntary time-off programs. That's on top of the 2,000. 
Robert Jordan: Yes. You want to see the tone at the top be appropriate, which is an understanding that -- again, I can't speak for Boeing. I'm just thinking about how we view this. But a tone that recognizes that this is a big issue, and it's bigger than a quality escape. And to some extent, it is a cultural issue. And so they need to attack it very broadly.  And that is the way that they -- our view when we visit with them, that is the way that they appear to be tackling that, as Andrew said, it appears to be showing up in their actions. Now at the end of the day, they have to deliver and -- but no, no, we are encouraged by what we're seeing. 
Robert Jordan: And I think the -- I know we've said this probably 20 times on the call today, and I think the other short answer is we're not ready to go into detail. We have work to do here, obviously, to continue to finish up our work. And then if there are things we do want to change, understand how we would do it in the Southwest way. And so we will be back with detail when we're ready. And if there is something that we're going to change, we're aiming to do that at our Investor Day, which is planned in September. And we'll share, obviously, a lot more then. 
