Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Marcy, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on our first quarter 2013 earnings call. We're off to a very solid start in 2013. Essentially, right on plan. We had record traffic and revenue performances in the quarter. Until March, at least, we had a very stable revenue environment dating back to last fall, and that was despite all the noise surrounding personal income tax increases and the whole federal sequestration. We did hit a soft patch in March. That's continued on into April. I would attribute that to the above noise and along with the timing of the Easter and Passover holidays. So we are seeing booking strength return for May and June. And assuming that these May, June trends continue, they should be strong months. We have wild swings in jet fuel prices already since the beginning of the year. Prices have dropped from our first quarter peak over $0.50 a gallon, and fortunately, this has roughly offset the revenue softness that we've been experiencing of late. And so assuming that these fuel cost trends also continue along with the May, June booking trends, we'll have a very strong second quarter. There's much frustration, of course, with the FAA's implementation of sequestration. All that's in the news. And the Airlines for America, which is our trade association, is already in litigation over this. And the furloughs, of course, just started Sunday. So there's not a whole lot more to add at this early point, other than it just needs to end very quickly. I want to thank the Southwest Airlines people for an excellent start to 2013. There are a number of initiatives that are contributing to the first quarter results. There are a number that are still under construction. Our top priority in terms of deliverables this year was connecting the separate route networks of Southwest and AirTran, and that was done, of course, it's done on time, done schedule, and it seems to be producing significant incremental bookings for future travel. The network connectivity, of course, sets the stage for us to aggressively optimize the networks this year. We've already opened up 6 new Southwest cities as of April 14 -- 5, in fact, on April 14, as a part of our optimization efforts. And we announced that we will de-hub AirTran's Atlanta operation with what will end up being essentially the same number of daily departures just scheduled on a point-to-point basis, and that will happen in November. That will be a tremendous amount of work for our Atlanta AirTran ground operations employees, and I want to extend to them a special thanks for all of their very hard work and excellent results. And with that very quick overview, I'd like to turn the call over to Tammy Romo, our CFO.
Gary C. Kelly: And of course, the other thing we'll be focused on, Duane, is local traffic. So this is actually bringing more competition to the market, with more flights in the meat of the day, and with an objective and an expectation that we will be generating more local travelers than what AirTran has been doing.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think, it's a little premature for us to give you a specific answer because we're not going to provide any new information on our share repurchase or dividend policy today. But directionally, we want to continue to have as our priority to hit our return on capital target and continue to enhance shareholder value through those 2 mechanisms, and also put the airline in a position where it can grow the fleet and pursue attractive expansion opportunities. So we want to balance -- I think, the takeaway, Duane, is we want to try to balance all of those. But clearly, the #1 priority has to be sustaining our profitability and at levels that meet our return on invested capital target.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, let me just say this, I -- we can -- you know what is happening in our current results. I think we can explain those very well. In addition to all of the mechanical changes that are taking place with the fleet, in other words, bigger gauge, retiring smaller gauge, adding seats to the 700s, Mike Van De Ven and his ops team also has fuel conservation initiatives on top of that. So I feel very good about the momentum we've got. What I don't have in my mind, Tammy, is a prediction about where we might be a year from now.
Gary C. Kelly: So we've got more available seat miles per gallon. So I think we're all square. So I think yes, it should continue to improve. I just don't -- I don't have a ready forecast in my mind...
Gary C. Kelly: Jim, I'm not sure I understand the nuance in your question, so I'll give an answer and you can redirect. But clearly, we're going -- our duty is to manage Southwest Airlines, and I almost feel silly saying that to you. I know you know that. We'll be looking at opportunities that we think will be successful within the industry. And it, well, said a different way, we'll want to factor in the competitive environment of us adding flights in new markets. So we have our sights on some expansion opportunities where we believe that we will be successful competitively and we'll be able to expand and hit our return on capital. So I'm not sure exactly where your thought is headed beyond that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that all of that is factored into -- yes, I would just say that our expansion thoughts would have a long-term view, not a short-term view.
Gary C. Kelly: I think our duty here is going to be solely Southwest Airlines because in the end, that has to come back to either a positive or a negative effect on us for us to care. In other words, we've been a disruptive force for 5 decades, and because we had a competitive advantage to bring to the marketplace, whether that was good or bad for our competitors. So I don't see us changing that mindset.
Gary C. Kelly: I think it's reading too much into it. And of course, there has been a lot of speculation. The nice thing about our current campaign, which has been out since March, is that it -- people noticed. It's created a lot of discussion and mostly fans of our new ad campaign, but of course, there's always going to be those that don't care for it. But I think we just have a challenge at Southwest because there's so much to sell. And a lot has changed at Southwest Airlines since 2006, and we really did want to have a fresh approach and create re-awareness, if you will, and perhaps, retrial from those who are thinking of us the way we were 10 years ago, we just have a whole different customer experience. So rather than focusing on one feature, like Bags Fly Free or our All-New Rapid Rewards program, we now have an array of things that we want to message to our customers. So this is more anthemic. I've read that this is unique for Southwest. It is not. We've done anthem campaigns before, and I would just point you to our Freedom campaign in the 1990s. We're not changing the essence of Southwest. We still are low fare, we still have Bags Fly Free, there's just a lot more to Southwest Airlines than not charging for bags. So that's where we're headed with the campaign. And as usual, this is more art than science, and the campaign will -- it will go somewhere. So it will either resonate with our customers and drive the kind of reaction and benefit that we want. And if not, then we'll obviously evolve the campaign.
Gary C. Kelly: There was a slight improvement in productivity, if you will, there. I think there's going to be a little bit of messiness in some of those metrics over the next couple of years, simply because there are a lot of flights at AirTran where the work is contracted out and the headcount are not in that statistic. And when we move, at least, some of the work in the Southwest Airlines, it may change the headcount. I think that your fundamental question is, are there -- forgetting some of this arithmetic, are there opportunities to improve? And the answer is, absolutely yes. And we already, of course, have very good -- harkening back to Jamie Baker's earlier question, we not only have opportunities to improve the available seat miles per gallon, but we have the same kind of opportunities apply for available seat miles per person. So we'll not only look for improvements with our current initiatives, but we'll be looking for new initiatives where we can improve our productivity going forward, and immediate objective that we added for our 2013 plan that we shared with you all last December, so in other words, this is not new -- breaking news, but it's just to remind you, as we do feel like we've got opportunities to improve our productivity within our corporate overhead, and that is something that we are working strenuously on here kind of behind the scenes, if you will, in 2013. There are opportunities to centralize and consolidate, and I think significantly improve some of our overhead functions. And I'm very pleased with that, and I want our headquarters folks to be leading this effort for the rest of the company.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, it is and it isn't. There is no -- I'll try to be consistent with what I said before. And if I'm not, you catch me, John. But there's no intent here to change the positioning of Southwest Airlines brand with this ad campaign. Our brand includes Bags Fly Free. Period. Now what we are busy doing in Southwest Airlines is to create capabilities, so that in the future we can make tactical decisions much easier than what it takes us today. And that includes -- the easiest example there would be our reservation system technology, which we will replace and adding the capabilities to be international. What I have said, and I'll repeat, is that our brand is not built around not charging for a bag. That's not who we are. We're a low-fare airline with -- that highly values customer service. And so that is the primary filter that we'll want to have. There was a time where Southwest was very proud of the fact that we never had an advanced purchase fare. And of course, over 3 decades, things change, and now, customers don't care about that. So we'll -- I don't want us to be pinned down into perpetuity on what we might or might not do, and I want us to be sure that we have the capabilities to make those kinds of choices in the future. But beyond that, no. There is no change that is imminent with this ad campaign.
Gary C. Kelly: John, today? No. So talking about 2013, no. We think that we have the best combination of features and fares, only then -- the only element to that is, you know and we know that there are things we are building that we want to be able to do. And again, I'll use international capabilities as the example there. I wish we could do international now, in other words. So I would certainly supplement what we're currently doing by saying, yes, we want that. The -- where the world is 3 years from now, we don't know. I mean, for all we know, customers will say, 3 years from now, we want you to separate out bag fees. And if that's the way the world goes and that's what customers want, we need to be in a position where we can react to that. But that's not where we are today. All the research that we have shows that we would negatively impact our revenues by close to $1 billion a year through the defection of current customers if we charge for bags, which is about as direct as I can be. I'm not willing to sit here and tell you that, that will be the case 3 years from now or 5 years from now. And if customer attitudes change, well then, we just need to be in a position where we change, too. By extension, I don't think that ancillary revenues in today's environment are the answer to hitting our earnings target. I think the answer is, we must optimize our route network. Period. That is the #1 objective, and that's why that's the #1 deliverable for 2013. We have very significant opportunities to drive unit revenue improvement from where we are by eliminating underperforming routes and redeploying that aircraft and managing our capacity very, very carefully. That is the #1 opportunity that will dwarf any ancillary fee idea.
Gary C. Kelly: Not really. And -- so let me just give you -- and Tammy may want to share with you more specifics. I know she shared some information about the incremental bookings from connections. But the -- we're seeing a very strong response, first of all, to the new itineraries that we've published, because we have been able to connect the network. So that's argument number one. And again, I'll defer to Tammy to share with you maybe how much that is. What we are not comfortable with yet is concluding how many of those bookings are incremental, simply because we would admit that an itinerary, a codeshare itinerary could simply be now occupying a seat that got squeezed out and got displaced, that we would've carried anyway on other itineraries. So I'm sure you're familiar with that concept. When you move now over into international, the international routes, as a whole, are performing very, very well. They were -- are 100% AirTran. As you know, Southwest flies no international routes. The total capacity deployed in international as a percentage of our total network, I want to say, is 1%. It is a very, very small component of our capacity. So at least in the near-term, even if we were to double the flying in that market, it's still going to be relatively insignificant. Now AirTran has been, under -- our management, has been reallocating some of its flying. It has allocated some of its flying to new international markets, and I think we'll continue to do that. And there's a lot of tactical reasons for that. One is, we're pursuing route authorities, and as they become available, we apply for them. If you get them, you got to fly them. So you have those kinds of things. But for the most part, there aren't a lot of changes that you should expect within AirTran international. It will be 2014, of course, before Southwest is in that position. And it's no secret, so I'll just repeat it. Houston Hobby is a very good international expansion opportunity. It will not happen during AirTran's flying, so it will be 2015 at the earliest that those facilities will be ready. But clearly, that will be -- that's an expansion opportunity that Southwest will be prepared for and will have our eye on. So that's, at least, one example of how we're thinking about international in the near-term.
Gary C. Kelly: Before Tammy answers, let me just make one clarification. The -- and just to be sure, you know what I was trying to say there. The international flying is relatively small, but it does connect into the codeshare. So those itineraries are out there for sale, and that's included in the total numbers that Tammy's going to talk about here.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. Bob, I think you are -- I think you were thinking about it correctly. And I'll queue up Bob Jordan, too, because he'll remember better where we've been and where we are and where we're headed here. But it's a conversion process taking place over 36 months, first of all. There were cities, Bob McAdoo, that were eliminated from the AirTran route network last year. And so that -- you could say that, that impaired their hub performance to some degree already. Now some of those -- back to the previous question on international, some of that flying that was feeding the Atlanta hub was redeployed to international route opportunities, and we think wisely so. But the -- but if you just looked at the performance in the Atlanta hub, we're still not satisfied with it and, obviously, believe that the solution is to make this conversion to the point-to-point system. Now one little factoid that I've enjoyed as an example is, if you remember all the Wright Amendment deals and how that compromise was reached, Southwest can't fly at the DFW without giving up things at Love Fields. So AirTran had, when we bought them, nonstop DFW to Atlanta service. We're carrying more customers between Dallas and Atlanta now without nonstop service. So that's the power of the Southwest network. And so I am very comfortable that -- and I'm pretty sure your Rochester example is accurate, that we -- yes, we will not necessarily have nonstop service to Atlanta, but we're plugged in now to San Antonio and of course, the Dallas example and often Texas just to think about close to home here, and that is driving a significant amount of traffic, whether it's on native Southwest or whether it's on the Southwest-AirTran combo. And so I think there's every reason to believe that our strategies going to work and work well.
Gary C. Kelly: Again, your question is -- all questions here are very good. But the thing that's a bit different about Denver as compared to what you're seeing with the AirTran Atlanta is that Denver doesn't really have a Rochester. So Rochester and Flint and Grand Rapids, and a number of -- Des Moines, a number of these cities are very small by typical Southwest standards, and you don't have a good example in Chicago or Denver or Phoenix, et cetera, so we're trying to make these new cities work. And just because they're not flying to AirTran doesn't mean that -- I'm sorry, to Atlanta, doesn't mean that they won't work within the Southwest system. But Atlanta could be a large "hub-like operation" like Chicago Midway for us someday. But right now, I think we're very happy with evolving at this point-to-point network system first, and then obviously, with the hope and the desire that we can grow it from there.
Gary C. Kelly: Mike, I don't think that that's a major item. The footprint, just the physical footprint of a 717 is going to be different than a 737. So in terms of just square footage, we could probably -- we would probably have less gates anyway, if you're following my math there. But no, I don't -- first of all, Atlanta, as it exists today, is a very cost-effective airport. It's gigantic. It gets congested at times, but its costs are low. So I would certainly not complain to you about the cost "burden" of the Atlanta Airport per se. We're always looking for opportunities to optimize our fixed costs like that, so we'll be looking at that. But that is not anything that I have in my mind. And Mike is here with me. I don't think that we're going to be giving up or talking to the airport about giving up any space at all.
Gary C. Kelly: But Mike, I would quickly add that Southwest has consistently outperformed AirTran on a unit revenue basis. So I don't think that's -- you asked a good question that we'll want to think through, but I don't think that's a material piece of the analysis here. I think the bigger question is -- I think the bigger question of the $3 million incremental, well, our folks obviously are doing work to determine how much is incremental, so we have some read on that. I just am not comfortable that there's enough history for us to draw meaningful conclusions yet. But you can give it a substantial haircut. It's still a gigantic number, so...
Gary C. Kelly: And Glenn, I think I know where you're headed with your question. That's initially why we bought AirTran. I think they were generating about $300 million a year in fees that -- fees that we don't charge. And so yes, we were trying to figure out how we transition from AirTran to Southwest and keep the profit wheels on. And it's just we haven't had a problem with it. So the -- I think, again, we've been pretty pleased with the revenue conversion process here.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'll start giving you my view and Tammy may have a little bit different view. The opportunity to improve revenues from just fundamental market share gains or fare increases is really optimizing the network. So our network is sub-optimized, and I do think that, that is a drag. What is offsetting that drag is the list of initiatives benefits that Tammy walked through. One reason that she has been saying that we're still determined to hit our return target for this year is because the step-up in the unit revenue trend improvement is really second half-loaded. So the real power this year in driving the revenues is going to come from connecting the networks, and then secondly, optimizing the networks. It looks like -- I believe all these numbers are very solid, so it looks like we're seeing very solid gains from the -800s; we're seeing very solid gains from the Evolve seating; they are literally outperforming the 137-seater version by the actual number of additional seats. So In other words, there -- on average, there are 6 more passengers on the Evolve flights and there are 38 more passengers on the -800 flights. So they look very, very strong. And that is absolutely a revenue contribution. That is just irrefutable. The other piece that is very easy to monitor is the frequent flyer program. We know exactly what we're getting from our partnerships there, and the cash flow has been very, very strong. So it just suggests that there is perhaps some under -- some other underlying weakness that is offsetting. But in any event, our trends until March were real stable. Month in, month out, we were sort of up 15% [ph]. While we've got all these things going on within AirTran to get it converted, actually, Glenn, I'm pretty pleased with that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, sure. I mean, the major inputs into our thinking about the future, there's 3 of them. There's the economy, there are fuel prices and there's our competition. So it is an input. It is not the input. Whatever we do, we need to achieve our objectives. We want to take care of our people, we want to take care of our customers, we want to take care of our shareholders. We've got to hit our profitability target. Period. And if there are competitive changes in the industry that help facilitate that and also lead to growth opportunities, I think that's fantastic. But there's a lot said and written about consolidation. Bankruptcy is a separate issue, although they do get connected in a sense. I think the great discipline here on the industry has been fuel, it's taken the industry years to be adjusted to $3.29 jet fuel per gallon. The industry is healthier today because it has gotten itself adjusted, and bankruptcy has been one of the techniques to get its cost down. But what that all leads to in the next generation, I don't know. It is clearly a mature industry compared to where it's been the last 25 years. And you have a lot of coverage of a variety of players, you've got low-cost players, you've got so-called full-service players and again, you've got very, very high fuel prices. So -- but we're going to be disciplined, we're going to manage our capacity, we're going to be making whatever adjustments we need to make to hit our return on invested capital target.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. The vast majority of our flights are operating on time. What has happened to us since Sunday, it does not live up to the dire predictions that the FAA made last week, which would grind the entire system to a halt, so we certainly haven't seen that. Rather than put out a dire warning to all of our customers, we already have a customer feature in place where we notify them of their flight, specifically if it's going to be delayed. We do see that our on-time performance is impacted since Sunday, but so far, we've been able to manage it. I think the problem, Sheryl, that I've tried to describe today is that -- and just to be very clear, we were not advised of the FAA as to what their plans were going to be until last week. So there's 5 days before the Sunday imposition of the furloughs. At that point in time, we were not advised as to exactly what they were going to do. So we couldn't tell you what city, what time of day or what flights. And of course, being from Dallas, you know the story of the American Airlines airplanes that ended up at Love Field. I can assure you, when those flights launched from their origin, they had no idea they would be redirected to Dallas Love Field. So it is that kind of uncertainty that we face, one could say, almost on every flight. The number of flights that are being impacted today are relatively few, but there are definitely some impacts that we're seeing. And they have predicted that they're going to make it worse, and I think that's our primary concern is that, that not be allowed to happen.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, they are hard-working people, okay. So they -- I think given the mandate they've been given, I do think that they are trying hard, and our ops folks tell me that they are getting better. But I think the -- so it's not for a lack of effort, but no, we don't have enough information to plan at all. And the other thing that you should know is that we cannot coordinate with our competitors. It's against the law. So there is no way for us to easily make adjustments to schedule flight activity because we can't talk each other, number one; number two, we also don't know what the airspace capacity is going to be. We actually start the morning with very strong on-time performance, again, as an illustration. And then throughout the day, what we've experienced, especially Tuesday and yesterday, and what we seemed to be experiencing today is, as the day evolves, we get surprises during the day, we're told to hold on the ground or we're told to have an alternative routing, and that's a real challenge for an airline. Again, having said all that, the vast majority of our flights are still operating on time, just as we have them scheduled.
Gary C. Kelly: Right, right. And another way to say that, in other words is, the schedule that we have today and the one that we have had with AirTran is not very good. It's not as competitive as it needs to be to attract local traffic. So the fact that we've been able to drive that increase in local traffic, I agree with Bob's points 100%. So that's very encouraging.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, absolutely. In other words, the way to think about it is we're simply making it Southwest. And no 2 cities are exactly alike, but they all trend towards having a dominant component of local or nonstop traffic, they have some relatively small component of true traffic, and then there's generally a 20% to 30% mix of connecting traffic. That's the way Chicago looks, that's the way Houston looks. All -- said a different way, Bob, to my recollection, we don't have a city that looks like a hub-and-spoke.
Gary C. Kelly: There is really not much -- it's really simple and that's helpful. There's really not a lot of details. It's not a fee. It is -- you forfeit your fare if you don't cancel it. And there are -- we're not -- we don't have change fees. I see that several of our competitors have moved to a $200 change fee, and at Southwest, it's 0. So all we need our customers to do is to cancel their reservation, which puts us in the position of finding a replacement customer for that seat. And that is -- that's what every other airline does, and it's really time for us to do that as well. So that change will go into effect with bookings after May 10, I believe, for flights in September. But it's not a fee.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes. Just real quick. Gary, you're exactly right. We have about 175 flights a day today, and the November schedule will be just slightly less than that, but that's really seasonality. So we'll continue to have in the 170, 175 kind of range. AirTran has banks at 8 and 10 a.m. and 8 and 10 p.m., and they have a significant number of flights after 9 p.m., which you know aren't really when our customers want them or need them, particularly our business passengers. They peak at about 30 flights or 30 aircraft on the ground during those peaks, and the new Southwest schedule in November will have a maximum of about 20 aircraft on the ground at any one time. So it just lets us put the flight smoothly across the day, really lined up in terms of when our customers want the flights.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, absolutely. And just to add and just to talk about the strength of both the Southwest network and the Southwest brand in terms of what we're seeing with AirTran. Maybe just a couple of things to add to that Dallas example. In just 30 days here, the first 30 days of having full up co-chair, actually less than 30 days, southwest.com has actually become the largest distribution point for AirTran flights. So we're actually distributing more AirTran through southwest.com than through airtran.com, which is just an incredible thing. It just points to the strength of the brand and the website as well. And then on the network side, I think the best example there is the strength that we've seen in the growth of local traffic in Atlanta, and that's even before we really optimize the Atlanta network, which you'll see here in November. So we picked up somewhere in the -- in terms of the comparison of connecting traffic to local traffic in Atlanta, we picked up about 8 points of local traffic. So about 8 fewer points of connection and 8 more points of local without a dramatic change in the network there. So as Gary pointed out earlier, I'm just really optimistic about continuing to win local traffic by just simply offering flights at the time that our folks in Atlanta want them, which is really the whole point behind the November schedule change.
Robert E. Jordan: Well, I think I can give you, yes, a couple of points of reference. AirTran, at the time that we acquired AirTran, it was roughly 60% connect in Atlanta, which is pretty typical for a hub. Sometimes even more. A city with a lot of connections for us, so for example, Chicago, is going to be much closer to 40%. And I think we said today in Atlanta that, that 60% has moved down to about 52%, 53%, so we've already seen a big increase in locals. But you'll continue to see that shift towards local traffic. And I would expect that it will ultimately end up closer, again, to a Baltimore, Chicago kind, which would be 40% or just south of 40%.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, we do not. I think the best way to think of it maybe, particularly when you're AirTran and you have one dominant hub, is you start with the need to connect and you build the schedule around that. And that's why you end up with a lot of flights after 9 p.m., before 7 a.m. And a Southwest style city, you start with the local traffic and the demands of the customers and when they want the flights, and to the greatest extent, the connections then kind of fall out of that. So it's just the reverse. One example I was looking at are -- just as an easy one, our Atlanta to Kansas City operation. In today's schedule, AirTran serves that at 10 a.m., 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. So not very good timings, particularly for our business customers. And in November schedule, those flights will be timed at 8 a.m., noon and 6 p.m. So there's a much, much better flight time in terms of folks in Atlanta that want an early-morning flight and then a reasonable time to connect back out. So you -- and you'll see those kinds of improvements all across the board in our markets in Atlanta.
Tammy Romo: And just one thing, Jamie. I just want to make sure, we're -- the first quarter 2012 fuel consumption PRASM, that actually declined 3% year-over-year, and we would expect that trend, for all the reasons Gary just pointed out to you, to continue. We haven't given a prediction for that, though.
Tammy Romo: At this point, of course, we don't know what fuel's going to do. We're clearly trying to maximize our revenue. But clearly, a lot of that depends on the economy and factors that are outside of our control. But certainly, to the extent we can control it, we're still focused on maximizing revenue. But certainly, at the end of the day, our goal is the 15% ROIC and at least, thus far, the revenue weakness has been roughly offset by the decline in fuel prices.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And as I mentioned, of course, the bookings continue to be strong and from connecting itineraries and our ability to sell each airline, the AirTran and Southwest flights, our daily bookings are averaging over $3 million in revenue per day. But as Gary pointed out, that is not all incremental. And I guess the best guidance we can give you really goes back to the synergies that we've provided, all of that is baked into our synergy number. And of course, the fact that they are so strong gives us further confidence that we'll achieve our synergy target of $400 million.
Tammy Romo: That is correct, Mike, and that was the point we're making. Of course, not all of that is incremental and again, but we've factored all of that into our synergy target or guidance of $400 million.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And again, it's still early on, but my guess is it'd probably 1/3, maybe of that, but we want to get a little more history under our belt here.
Tammy Romo: No, not yet, Glenn, but I'm happy to provide that. Our mix of close-in passengers for first quarter was 21%.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And I think we've been managing that really well. So just the other components, what I gave you was just the bag fees in total. It was closer to $50 million. But just keep in mind, too, Glenn, that we're continuing to increase other fees on our side. And again, I'll just point you back to what I reported on earlier. We recognized a 5% increase in various fees, which contributed to $69 million in other revenues, and that includes -- that included some of our incremental ancillary revenue opportunities like the A1 through A15 premium boarding. So I think we're managing through that pretty well.
Tammy Romo: And I think, Tammy that -- Glenn, if this is helpful, I think the AirTran footprint, if you will, has shrunk about 25% since we initially acquired them. So all the 717s are still flying, of course, in AirTran, and there's 88 of those. And we've moved 18 or 19 airplanes, or will have moved I guess that many airplanes by the end of this year. So we'll have 30-some-odd 737s that are left to be converted next year, if that gives you a little bit of help there.
Tammy Romo: And I don't have a lot to add to that, Glenn. The only other thing I would just point out again or emphasize is just the connection of the networks through codeshare here in April. We, of course, just operate -- just started operating all of that this month. And as I mentioned earlier, we've realized $70 million in net synergies from the AirTran acquisition, and only about maybe 50% of that related to revenues. So just to emphasize the point, there's still, we believe, significant revenue synergies to come.
