Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Chad. And thank you all for joining us today. In just a moment, we will share our prepared remarks and then open it up for Q&A. Joining me on the call today, we have our CEO, Bob Jordan; Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Watterson; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Van de Ven. Just a few reminder that we will make forward-looking statements today, which are based on our current expectations of future performance and our actual results could differ substantially from these expectations. Also, we had a few special items in our first quarter results, which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes, and we will reference these non-GAAP results in our remarks. Please see our press release from this morning and our IR website for more information, our cautionary statement and our non-GAAP reconciliation for more detail. With that Bob, I'll turn it over to you.
Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Mike. I believe we have analysts queued up for questions. And just a reminder, that please keep your questions to one and a follow up if needed. So Chad, please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: Okay. Well, that wraps up the analyst portion of our call. I appreciate everyone listening in. Thank you for the questions, and have a great day.
Bob Jordan: Alright. Well, thank you, Ryan. Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Well, the first quarter was a tale of two really different environments. As expected, we incurred losses in January and February due to the negative impacts of the Omicron variant. We anticipated travel demand would rebound in March and we were pleasantly surprised at how quickly it bounced backand the extent to which demand and booking surged. While we reported a Q1 loss, we were solidly profitable in March, actually not too far off of March 2019’s profit. And while modest, I'm very pleased that first quarter unit revenues increased as compared to 2019. That was the first quarterly increase since the onset of the pandemic. So -- but for the Omicron impact, we estimate that we would have been profitable for the first quarter. In the first quarter, total operating revenues were 91% restored to 2019 levels, despite Q1 managed business revenues being only 45% restored. Looking forward, we're very encouraged with the bookings and revenue trends we're experiencing for Q2, which indicate operating revenues will be fully restored to quarterly record levels on stronger leisure and business demand. Our revenue initiatives continue to roll out and Andrew will cover our new fare product in more detail that we look forward to launching that this quarter and getting another one of our revenue initiatives in place and producing value. We will have another meaningful fuel hedge gain in Q2, and we remain well protected with our fuel hedge portfolio in the second half of this year. Despite higher than normal unit cost inflation and productivity drags from underutilizing our assets, we expect to be solidly profitable for Q2 through Q4 and for the full year 2022. We are currently forecasting a healthy profit for Q2 with solid operating margins. Now, of course, this is based on our current outlook and barring any unforeseen material events, such as another way that would impact or temporarily slow our progress and we see no signs of that at this point. It just goes to show the power of our business model and how well our people are managing through a very difficult environment. Our March results and our current outlook for Q2 represent tremendous progress in our recovery. Even if we aren't fully expected to be optimized with our network fully restored until the end of next year, I'm just really, really proud of our people for their progress to date. We've come a long way, I'm just very thankful for their constant resilience. A key to our recovery is our continued hiring progress. And we now plan to hire and add over 10,000 new employees to the Southwest family this year, and that's negative expected attrition. By the end of this month, we will have welcomed roughly 6,500 new employees in 2022. And that's 5,000 net of attrition. And I'm just really pleased with our hiring progress. We continue to work through lower available staffing, and training constraints to keep pace with rebounding travel demand.And we recently reduced our summer flight schedules to match our capacity guidance as we prioritize our operational reliability. I believe we have already accounted for the impact of staffing constraintsin our full year 2022 guidance on capacity of down 4% versus 2019. But of course, we need to trim work capacity, we certainly can. But I'm cautiously optimistic that we can get to a good balance of headcount to operate our planned flights scheduled for the remainder of the year, while setting ourselves up for resuming more material growth in 2023. You've heard me mention these things before, but we remain focused on a few key priorities for this year: first, getting properly staffed and focusing on our people; second, making progress toward our historic operational reliability and efficiency; third, providing our legendary hospitality; and fourth, returning to consistent profitability. It will take all 59,000 employees working together to execute on these focus areas and deliver a low-cost, high-quality product with low fares and great customer service. That's what our people are good at, and they've been good at that for 50 years, and they just do an incredible job. It's a tough environment, and they've been through a lot. I'm so grateful for them and what they do each and every day. Together, we're making tremendous progress to put this pandemic behind us. And while coming out of the pandemic has proven to be messy. As it was coming into the pandemic, I can assure you that we are very hard at work here at Southwest Airlines to make this company even stronger, and I remain very optimistic about our future. And with that, I will turn it over to Tammy.
Bob Jordan: And Duane, I would just add the same thing. You've got this set up in the second quarter here. Again, it's all a forecast where you have overall operating revenue performance up 8% to 12%, on capacity down 7%. I mean so that's a significant amount of strength. And that's still on the backs of your managed business being down. The talked about in April sort of the in 30% range. The other piece of this, too, is as we restore our network, there is -- and we've got 125 aircraft that we need to put into restoring the network this year and next year. That all comes on at lower than normal risk in terms of the typical yield drags you might see as you add new cities or new routes because these are routes that we've had before, and they're connecting cities that we have a presence in. So I think they come on without those penalties. At the same time, again, if the trends hold, you're restoring business at a faster rate, which also helps on the yield side. So -- now who knows what's going to happen to the macro economy? There's a lot of different things that can occur out there with the Fed moves and potential for recession. And I think what's helpful there is that, despite all of that, consumer savings is still more than double what it was coming into the pandemic. So there's a lot of consumer strength out there in terms of what they've saved and what could be spent. But anyway, hopefully, that helps a bit.
Bob Jordan: Yes, Brandon, let me take a shot, and then Mike can add a lot of detail there. I think we are -- hiring progress since we restarted in the fall has just been tremendous. We've hired thousands of folks. We're now projecting that we'll hire over 10,000 this year. Obviously, there's some attrition in there as well, but I'm just really proud of our people department and our hiring teams for making that happen from literally a dead start last fall. If you look at that in aggregate, we are still today below our total FTE headcount in 2019, so we haven't caught 2019 yet. It's just 1 basic point. The other is, as you think about just all the folks that we've hired overall, they're not all working or working proficiently yet. So we've hired roughly 8,000 in that time period, but 1,600 in a typical month right now, they're in training. So they're not out there on the frontline. They're not working. So they're in training, so they don't really add to our ability to fly and add capacity. If you look at the remainder, we have something on the order of over 15% of our entire workforce that is new since the fall. So they're out there working, but you know what it's like to have a new job. They're just not proficient yet. They're not efficient. They're still learning their positions. So that comes into account as you think about our ability to restore capacity. Now when you get to the where are you most constrained, definitely, it's pilots. And to some extent, it's our flight instructors to train our pilots. We had several thousand pilots go out on the long-term leaves with COVID. We had another 640, I think, take early retirement. Job 1 was to get everybody that was out on leave back trained and flying, and we just got that completed literally in February of this year. And then job 2 is to replace the pilots that took early retirement. And we're just over half the way through that, maybe 2/3, so we haven't caught that back up yet as well. So I would tell you that, yes, the chief constraint right now is on the pilot side. Mike, yes, please add some more detail.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I don't think that we're at risk of that at all. We've got our schedule adjusted for the capacity that we have. We'll see more pilots coming online in the second half of the year. And so I don't think we'll have an issue with that.
Bob Jordan: Yes, Savi. Good to talk to you. I'll give a start and then let Andrew, obviously, weigh in from a network perspective. But as we redesigned the network here to deal with the pandemic, and it was obvious that leisure demand was going to come back faster than business, we orient ourselves in that direction. So yes, we flew longer. We had differences in places like intra-California. And now that business demand is coming back, you want to -- you want the network position to take advantage of that. So really, it's simply adding back more short haul to really build -- begin to build the network that is aligned around the business demand that we anticipate. The good thing is, in addition to meeting the business demand, that additional depth in the network also helps us with our recoverability for our customers. So it helps us with network depth. And when we had the regular operations, it's extremely helpful. Andrew can talk to sort of thinking forward sequentially does that continue, but it is a big shift, a 5-point change quarter-over-quarter in the stage length is significant. You didn't ask this, but it is a piece of our cost story here in the second quarter with costs up, our CASM-X projection up 14% to 18%. Sort of half of that is labor rates, airport, those kinds of things, your typical inflation. The other half is sort of inefficiency in the system plus the drag caused by this increase in -- this decrease in stage length from Q1 to Q2 as having a material impact as well. But Andrew, if you want to just add some color on just the -- this and where we are going forward in terms of stage.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Well, Savi, we've got a 26-bay training facility out there. Currently, we have 23 of those bays filled. We're going to have three additional simulators here coming online later this year, and they'll be ready and fully operational for next year. So we have that capacity growth there. And then as I said, if we can get our instructor level up to our targeted levels, we'll have plenty of capacity in terms of our training to produce more pilots next year, even balancing out our recurrent training with the new hire training and the upgrade training.
Bob Jordan: No, I think it's just -- if you look at our ability to train, so training capacity, it's come up just here a little bit. And so really, that's the difference. There's no other significant change. We want -- it's going to take into 2023 to restore our network deep into 2023 and to fly all of our aircraft. And so the sooner we can get there, the better. And so we've -- as I mentioned before, I'm just really proud of our hiring folks because we went from a dead start to hiring at these incredible sort of 1,500 a month kind of levels here in six months. And so really, it's just a boost in our ability to hire versus we have somehow changed our target hiring.
Bob Jordan: Yes, I would say that there's a lot of choppiness out there. So we've -- you've got unknowns in the workforce. Who's going to return? What's driving some of the folks who were out of the workforce? You have inflation concerns. You have this -- you got Fed policy. You have this overhang of a potential recession. So, there's a lot of things that are going to drive the macro economy, which obviously drives the workforce, things like that. And we're not in control of that, and the projections are a little bit all over the map at this point. I would just tell you that, while you do have to work harder, we have not had an issue hiring quality, I mean, really good folks. I spend a lot of time with our new hires. I'm proud to bring them into Southwest Airlines because they're exactly the kind of people that we want here. I think we're going to have to continue to work hard and adapt our hiring. We've all had to speed up the processes. We've had to use channels and techniques that we didn't before, like social media. We've had to do instant interview, instant offer, all that. But I think, beyond that, I don't see, as you look beyond '22, '23, that somehow the labor market becomes a constraint to what we want to do, what we want to grow. Job number one is use all of our aircraft, fully restore our network. And then beyond that, we've got aircraft coming. We have lots and lots of opportunities. You saw us open the 18 cities. We have a lot of opportunities in front of us, and we intend to take advantage of those.
Bob Jordan: Catherine, the way I just thought about it is just pretty simply is we have two big objectives with the fleet. We want to modernize the fleet and then we need more shelves to restore the network. And at the end of the day, I think we're comfortable anywhere between the 8s and the 7s in the 60% to 40% split one way or the other. So it might be a little choppy here as Boeing gets the MAX 7 certified. But as you plan that out over the next couple of years, we're going to be in that range, and we don't want to give up delivery slots in the near term because we -- because the modernization and the restoration are important to us.
Bob Jordan: You bet, and there's a lot in that question, but I think the -- I mean there are really two things happening in hiring. Number one is to catch us up to where we need to be to our current fleet and network restoration. As I mentioned before, we're still below -- just in total, we're below our 2019 headcount still. And we -- and as I also mentioned, we have a large number of the new -- our new employees, so they count in that number that they're either still in training or they are gaining proficiency. So in my mind, it's six months, nine months a year before they're fully proficient as a longer-term employee. So obviously, we've got to catch up. Number two, we want to get a bit ahead here because we've got a lot -- we've got 114 aircraft coming in this year. We have 90. And then net, obviously, some retirements next year is going to take the 125 to restore the network. So it's taking a lot to get back to where we've got our network restored. So there's a bit of that 10,000. There's part of that 10,000 that's catching up. And I think there's a part of that 10,000 that's trying to get a bit ahead. At the end of the day, the goal number one is to fly all of our aircraft, restore our network, have a reliable operation. And then as we've talked about, by the end of 2023, get back to our historic operational reliability and get back to our historic productivity, which we've defined as regained 2018 productivity and efficiency. How that translates into an exact number of hiring for 2023? I can't really tell you just because it's dependent on attrition and a whole number of things. My guess just because of the aircraft number or the deliveries, net retirements are falling from 2022 to 2023. It may be reasonable to expect that 2023 hiring overall is a bit lower. But I think we just have to see -- again, I come back to the number one goal is use all of our assets, fly all of our aircraft and return by the end of 2023 to our historic efficiency and reliability. On the pilot front, Mike can give you a lot more exact number than I can. What I've got in my head is the pilot hiring in 2022 here is roughly 1,200 or so. Mike, so yes, if you don't mind just a little more detail on pilot.
Bob Jordan: Yes, I think the thing that's terrific is Investor Day in December we laid out our revenue initiative plan to add $1 billion to $1.5 billion in EBIT in 2023 and half of that here in 2022. And so -- and it's all things that attract business. So as Andrew said, GDS, it's new revenue management tools. It's the new fare product, which is Wanna Get Away Plus. It launches here shortly. It's our enhancements to our Rapid Rewards program and our agreement with Chase. And all of those things are on track, the ones that have been delivered are performing. And so I think the main takeaway is that we laid out a really good plan, and we're on track to meet those goals.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Well, Mary, I'll be completely honest with you, which was that's an old -- the 25,000 is an old number. And as we were planning, it was a very round number. Just trying to think through what it takes to get our staffing fully back in place. The other thing to that, to me, that's a gross number, which is, we always -- we have attrition in there, too. So I wouldn't be -- I don't think I would be quite so granular. I do think the -- if you look at the changes this year, so the 8 becoming 10, I feel comfortable with that because a lot of that was dependent at the time that we set the goal of eight. We weren't quite sure what we could ramp the hiring machine, too. Because we -- again, I know I've said this three times, but we went from no hiring machine to trying to hire thousands. And it was -- we were just unclear in terms of how quickly we could rebuild all those processes. And we've done a -- our folks have done a terrific job, and we're actually ahead of eight. And so that's really what's raised the eight to the 10 in this case.
Bob Jordan: I would tell you that it's moved around. Our constraints generally have moved around over time, which group, in particular, is the real constraint. The constraint right now is it's flight instructors. We've made tremendous progress on our flight instructors, and we're getting very close, but that's really what is the narrows constraint versus literally pilots. We have a lot of pilots in the pipeline, and we could go faster if we had our full complement of flight instructors. Now we recently have really invested in speeding up that process. So probably way much way more than you want to know, but we have retention bonusing. We have referral bonusing with our current employees. We have begun to use or thinking about how to use pilots who have recently retired to be flight instructors. So we really widened out our thinking in terms of how to grow that because every airline is looking for flight instructors right now. But no, that's our primary constraint right now is flight instructors.
Bob Jordan: Alison and Tammy, please chime in. I would tell you that those are really spot issues, and we're really not seeing those now. The issue now, of course, is price. And price differentials across the country and then not just the rise in underlying crude prices, but a titanic rise in the crack spread, which is driving up costs as well. Luckily, we're well hedged. And our hedge portfolio this year is going to add about $1 billion in value in terms of helping manage our fuel costs. But no, straight up with your question, we aren't experiencing significant issues with fuel supply at this point. Tammy, if you want to add anything.
Bob Jordan: And Kyle, I just wanted to add -- I wanted to just offer some praise for the FAA here because they're taking this head on. We got this meeting in May to develop solutions. They're working with carriers, are working directly with us and to think about developing solutions because, clearly, we have more issues this year, more weather. Mike mentioned you got more SpaceX and other launches. The flight activity is back above -- scheduled flight activity back above 2019 levels. But the other thing that's obvious is we put -- as they put in programs, flow control, those kinds of things that are designed to manage the issue. They're just not working as effectively as they have historically. So I'm just really pleased that the FAA is hitting that one head on and they're working with carriers and working with us directly to find solutions that work for everybody. Mike mentioned one other thing that I think is really important, which is while we both -- there's been a lot of public focus on, scheduled flight activity is above 2019. I think it's really important to point out that general aviation, or GA, aircraft activity is far above 2019. That takes a piece of the -- obviously, the limited air space out. So I think that understanding that and solving that is a significant part of the solution as well.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Laurie, I think it's exactly what Mike said. We've got, I think, number one, we've got more visibility I mean we thought we knew what was happening last summer. And then the demand just surged at the sort of April, May last minute. While we've got a big surge this summer, we've seen it coming for a lot longer, and we've been able to anticipate it. Two, the network is more restored and there's more flight activity, which means you just have a better ability to recover when you have a regular operation and a better ability to move customers and then move employees when we need to. Another big item is COVID poles. And so we had employees that were going out on -- you have a close contact, you go out, you go out to, I can't remember, it's 5 days or 10 days. And so the number of employees out and then out at the last minute. So it was not predictable. You didn't know until today what your workforce was going to look like in a lot of ways. And so with the change in those policies around COVID, that's gone, so we can have a much better predictability around sick leave and the available workforce. So I'm not saying it's going to be perfect, but I think our ability to manage the summer and our belief that the summer is going to be much more reliable from an operational perspective is much better here in '22 than it was in
Bob Jordan: Yes. And I think you got to be careful generalizing. I think, overall, this has not been an issue. You always have no shows. We've had classes, and we've had a good no-show rate -- I mean good show rates, and we've not had a significant portion that didn't show in the class. So this has not been an issue. We recently had a class where we had a higher no-show rate than we expected, and we're trying to understand exactly why that happened, but I wouldn't extrapolate this one incident to we have a broad-based problem. So you just got to be careful about that. And then number two, there's a ton of work going on. It's a competitive market. And the longer you take to make an offer, the longer you take to get somebody into a slot in a class, the more risk you run that they could go somewhere else. And so there's a ton of work going on between our flight ops department and our people and hiring folks to take those processes down to the absolute minimum, and we're all over that. But I think the main thing is I wouldn't extrapolate what happened in a class to what's happening across the board because it has not been.
Bob Jordan: Robert, I -- we watch our customer relations calls and questions every single day. I haven't seen a material rise in that at all. We survey our customers every single day. And I would just start with the percentage of customers that are comfortable flying just overall is very, very high. It's 90%, 90%-plus. The second is we also survey how comfortable our customers are flying without mask, and that number is also very much in favor of our customers being comfortable. And just to mention on the mask, I'm very pleased for our employees and for our customers that they now have a choice. It's tough to wear the mask all day. The data shows that while cases may be rising modestly, they're very low. Hospitalizations are not rising. So I'm just pleased that our customers and our employees now have a choice. We have -- we always have had wonderful flexibility in our policies and our fares. And so every ticket that you buy can be cancelled and then those funds held for future use with no change fee. And obviously, if you buy a refundable fare, we will refund that. But if you're not comfortable flying, we'll either refund that if it's refundable and/or we'll allow you to use that -- those funds for future ticket. But generally, overall, no, we're not hearing -- I'm not hearing anything relative to customers cancelling because they're now afraid to fly because of the mask mandate change.
Andrew Watterson: Yes. Thanks, Bob. The only thing I'd add to that initial macro point of view is if you kind of go back further than January and kind of April of last year when corporates really started traveling again, we have a nice strong trend line, but it has some ups and downs with COVID waves. And so now that we're kind of out of Omicron and seeing a sharp comeback, it's still on that same trajectory, which leads one to believe that it will get to what Bob said. So we have pretty good confidence in this growth because it's grown and rebound strongly through at least 2 COVID waves so far. So that's good news. And in regard to corporate contracts, a lot of them become stale because there wasn't really a lot to renegotiate during the pandemic. So we fully expect there will be kind of a big season of renewal of contracts in the fall, as you mentioned. And given that during the period from pre-pandemic to now, we've greatly transformed our offering in managed business through both the GDS we've talked about, but also ramping up our Southwest business team with the tools for -- TMCs and CTMs as well as more account managers, we think that kind of broad-based renewal is actually beneficial for us and our play for a bigger share of this pie. So we're encouraged by the renewal season coming up this fall.
Andrew Watterson: Well, it's hard to generalize because we have -- the network is different, and you have demand being different of leisure and business being separated by so much. And I did mention that business fares are up versus 2019. So I think you can see broad-based demand exceed supply is the driver regardless of the route structure. So now you'll still have variations in your route by route, but I think it's still a broad-based demand strength and a broad-based supply insufficiency, is what's behind all this. Getting kind of a little more detailed, I think, doesn't really show you any different trends than that kind of broad-based trend I talked about.
Andrew Watterson: Yes, certainly. The -- if you kind of break down our network in the short, medium and long hauls, what's really going on here is we're adding back lots of short haul and even more medium haul versus 2019 in order to kind of get -- restore the network. It also happens to be kind of business-oriented as we see business demand recovering. And then also, as Mike mentioned, helps the network, all things being equal, for recoverability. So really, it's a case of what's missing, and that's the long hauls that will probably be the last to be restored. Because they'll be attractive to customers and they do well financially, they don't add as much to kind of network resiliency or kind of business travel recovery. And so we kind of prioritize those. And so you'll see stage length for a period of time be down as a result of this. And then towards the end of restoration, you should expect it to start to come back up a little bit as those long hauls get restored.
Andrew Watterson: Yes, I think as you get -- we said we'd be largely restored by the end of next year and then we get towards the end of next year, success would be having a lot of those network metrics look very, very similar to just before the pandemic. And so that's where we want to be. As step 4, we now have these new things we added during the pandemic could overall enhance the attractiveness of the network, but the composition of short, medium and long and the kind of what's the point-to-point versus connecting, all that goes back to the network we love before the pandemic.
Andrew Watterson: I'll start with the last part first. No, usually, we have much larger operations before we start to establish domiciles. Secondly, as I referred to in my remarks, we kind of restructured Hawaii, both the summer and the fall, but part of that was we're reallocating more capacity in the business market because business has a robust return. And then for kind of customer preference, we've done some changes to our Mainland Hawaii flying, which is mostly about how we take the connectivity we have because it's mostly point to point with some connections on top of that restructured where we'd like to have those connections to take place on the Mainland. And then for the ones that -- places where we want to have gateways mostly kind of origin, then we will have those connections happen to neighbor islands in Hawaii. So as a consequence of that, we have less flying from the Mainland to Hawaii and then more flying between the islands. It also has a great benefit of having some time of day appeal because our previous frequencies did not allow for kind of reliable day trips for business travelers in the islands. If you think about your business Ravanaahu with the largest population, you're going to Maui, those are very nice hotels and Maui, but there's not a business hotel, so you have to get back that night. And so the service pattern has to allow for the early morning departures and the evening returns. And so the increased frequency count also appeals to them. So, it achieves multiple objectives, and it's part of that broader restructuring of a reduction of about 20% in Mainland Hawaii flying as part of that.
Andrew Watterson: Sure, which I'm going to disappoint you is we're -- the -- that's part of our overall revenue switch, which we gave a benefit of $1 billion to $1.5 billion at Investor Day, and we're not decomposing those individually. You can certainly take a look in the ARC data and see our increasing composition of ARC and what that means for us getting more and more business travel. But that restoration is a combination of what we had before and new stuff. The new stuff is really mostly share of wallet, if you will, for individual entities. So the people with whom -- while we're doing business through GDS, we were also doing business through our Direct Connect or Southwest business, SWABIZ application before. So it's really about giving them multiple ways to purchase from us, whatever distribution channel they prefer. And we're seeing we're getting more of those accounts business as we've given them this option.
Andrew Watterson: Yes. And Mary, Mary, we do -- our target this year is to hire 1,200 pilots. And I think we have a very reasonable path to hit that target. Just realize, though, that some of those pilots are going to be coming on here in late October, November, December. They'll still be training, and they won't be out on the frontline flying at that point in time.
Andrew Watterson: We're looking somewhere between -- to hit our plan, 35 to 38. To exceed our plan, a little north of that, say, 50 to 60.
Andrew Watterson: The one thing I'd add is, overall, our capacity is down versus 2019 for the summer that you mentioned, Dave, as well as the industry as a collective. So we're actually not able to satisfy all the travel demand kind of as is given the capacities or like in 2019. So there will be people who are not buying that would have bought in 2019. But as we restore more capacity, we expect that demand to be there.
Andrew Watterson: Okay. Yes. We do offer uplift. It's a very small percentage of sales that I'm not going to disclose, but it's also part of the overall progress we've made in payment forms, whether it's PayPal, Uplift, Apple Pay. We've just been on a program in the last three years or giving more and more options for payment method for consumers under the idea that more choice is better. And for the vacations and higher ticket values, yes, that order value is rather that does offer a benefit for consumers that want it. And then secondly, on Southwest Vacations, we are, as we kind of alluded to an Investor Day, on an approach to kind of restructure, redefine how we handle Southwest Vacations. We're setting up a team and working with industry partners to figure out how we take advantage of the fact that our network is really over-indexed, a lot of big leisure destinations where packages are sold, and yet we don't really distribute through the traditional package channels. And so there's an opportunity there for us to do more business and packages consumers. And so that's something that we're looking at as a future revenue initiative. As we kind of look over the horizon in order to kind of meet the investor promises we've made about RASM performance exceeding CASM, we don't want to leave ourselves with a vagary of kind of the market, so to speak. So we need a pipeline of revenue initiatives that allow us to have kind of ex market, if you will, benefits that can make sure we keep our own. So this is one of those things. It's kind of still in the laboratory, and we'd expect to roll out over the next couple of years as we make more progress.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes, Brandon, I think most of the other work groups that we hire to really is just a one-step process. We go out, we find the people. We bring them in, we interview. For the pilots, it really is, for us, it's a 2-step process. Step #1 is making sure that we have flight instructors in place that can so we can get to our maximum capacity of flight training. And so that's where we're focused at this point in time is making sure that the slots that we have for training are focused on flight instructors so we can have -- we can get up to maximum capacity in terms of our hiring towards the end of this year and into next year. So that's step #1. And then in terms of access to pilots, we still have -- we're an airline that pilots love to come to. We have a long history of success here. And so we're able to go fill up our classes and have access to the pilots, at least certainly here in the next year or 2.
Mike Van de Ven: Alison, mostly that presents itself on the ground and in the airports. So think about your new ramp agent and you're out in the different conditions that you'll operate in during the course of the year, just navigating through all the transfer bags, navigating just to the speed in the tempo of the airport operation out there, all the equipment move. It just takes several months for you to kind of get up to speed and get comfortable in that environment. And we want to make sure that we focus them with a lot of supervision and a lot of oversight because it's a -- safety is our highest priority out there. We want to make sure that with the new hires out there we've got all of our Is dotted and the Ts crossed as we're executing through our procedures.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Let me start out there for you, Kyle. So we've done a couple of just basic things. As you know, we've reduced our originally published schedules through Labor Day. That absolutely is going to give us more cushion and staffing cushion in the operation. We've been talking all morning long about our aggressive hiring plans. So adding people there and then Andrew talked a little bit about us reoptimizing our aircraft flow and our design toward the shorter-haul trips, and that's going to help our crew and our operational recovery. So we feel that those are the three big pieces that we're in a much better condition in place that we've been in as we move forward. We do have -- as you mentioned, we do have specific -- and when I say we, I mean, the airline industry, has specific impacts with respect to Florida air traffic control and travel through there. And it's a combination of problems down there. There's more commercial activity. There's more GA activity. There are more space shuttle launch. The weather patterns that go through there are complicating all of that additional traffic. And then I think that just like everyone else going through with staffing, the FAA is going through staffing challenges as well. So there is a focus, an industry focus on that. And in May, the FAA and some of the impacted carriers are going to talk about solutions to that specific airspace. So I think when you package all those things together, we're in a much better place going into this summer than we were last summer.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Laurie, just generally, I just think that the conditions that the U.S. is operating in is different this summer, this summer coming up as compared to last summer. So last summer, we still had surges of COVID coming. We still had challenges across the country with schools, with daycare, with parent availability, with working from home. There were lots of challenges that created a situation where people just couldn't behave in this pandemic world like they did in pre pandemic. And as a result, when we went into the summer, we should have had more staffing because the tempo of the operations were slower last summer. And we should have had more staffing available or less capacity out there to navigate through that better. I think some of those conditions are changed as we come into this summer. As you mentioned, there's more vaccines out there. There's more boosters out there. And we've also got a better balance between staffing and our capacity. So we have cushion, more cushion available this year to absorb any shocks that come.
Mike Van de Ven: Well, Ethan, generally speaking, I would just say Southwest Airlines is the airline for pilots. We've got very competitive rates of pay, great benefits, good retirement program. And we have a very efficient network with less ground time. And I think that allows our pilots just to get more flying per day than anybody else. They generally receive more pay then as a result of that. So I just -- I feel like the Southwest Airlines is an airline where pilots want to come to. We've protected their careers. We've built great retirement programs and great career earnings for them. So you take that as a foundation of it's a great place to work. I believe, given that, we are going to attract absolutely our fair share of pilots out there from all the pools. We may see ebbs and flows from one class to another, but I think we have all of the tools and the toolkit we need to attract all the pilots that we need.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Yes, Chris, so I've been through a lot of labor contract negotiations over the years. And I would just say over the 50 years of Southwest Airlines, I would characterize every contract negotiation is vigorous, is contentious, is passionate on both sides. And what I will tell you is that, over that 50-year period, those kinds of negotiations between the unions and the Company, they have manifested themselves, I would say, in the most job secure, the highest productive and the most attractive career earnings opportunity for our people. And that's what our people really want to have. They want to have a company they can count on through good times and bad. And if we can get through the contract negotiations and achieve all of that faster, I'm absolutely for that. But at the end of the day, it's that process that creates that -- the Company needs and our people's needs, and we've been very successful at doing that over the years, and I see no reason that we won't be just as successful going forward.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Thanks for the question, Helane. Yes, our -- obviously, our liquidity is much higher than where it has been historically. And if we have learned anything through this pandemic recovery, it can be choppy. But we are making really great progress as evidenced in the commentary that we shared with you on our second quarter outlook. So we're making really great progress there. And when you combine that with our fuel hedge protection, are very encouraged with where we're headed there. So all that to say is I think we're really well positioned. So we want to get comfortably past the pandemic. Obviously, we want to have plenty of cash reserves to invest in the business, and we've shared all of that with you. But we do want to work down our cash levels over time. I've shared with you in the past that kind of -- right now, we have an agreement to be roughly, call it, $10 billion in cash. And now going forward, we believe we can continue to bring that down. Now can we get back to historical? Should we get back to historical levels, which were probably in that, call it, $2 billion to $3 billion range? It may need to be higher than that. So we're going to work our way through that. Obviously, first order of business is to get back to solid profitability. So looking good there. And we want to invest in the business. And then obviously, we want to get back to shareholder returns. And we certainly have a desire to reinstate our dividend. And as we go here, as always, we'll consider share repurchases as those feel appropriate. And obviously, that will be based on, as always, free cash flow and just profitability level. So kind of a long-winded answer, Helane. But clearly, we want to get back on track to what we were delivering pre pandemic, and that obviously starts with adequate returns on capital, and that starts with profit. So I think we're making really good progress here, and we want to work our way back to those pre-pandemic levels.
Tammy Romo: No. Really nothing to do with any policy change fees at all because we have not really changed that.
Tammy Romo: Yes. So no, I really -- when we've been sharing the demand environment is just obviously really strong. We had a surge in bookings here in March, so just really solid, robust demand. And we're seeing that, as we've already shared on both the leisure shop side as well as the corporate side. So, I would attribute that just more to strong bookings.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Bob. And the only thing I would add to that is just in terms of our five-year targets, I agree. I do think we were out ahead. We were certainly expecting inflationary pressures this year, and that's certainly playing out here as we go. But I think we all have confidence in our plan, and so nothing that we're sharing with you today would change any of the five-year targets that we shared with you back at Investor Day.
Tammy Romo: No, I think I followed what you're trying to ask there. But just in terms of the overall mix of aircraft, we really do have a lot of flexibility with the network. As we've been sharing a year today, we're hard at work to restore our network and that really does call for a mix of aircraft. So we feel really good about taking the MAX 8. We -- as we shared today, we firmed up 81 of those for this year. So we're just -- we'll just continue to monitor that as we go. And I don't really see any issues even into next year from a network perspective. So we'll continue to work with Boeing to firm up position. So no, very pleased and don't really -- we have a lot of optionality, and I think we can manage that really well here as we restore our network and resume growth.
Tammy Romo: Yes, you covered it, Bob. Yes, really no physical issue, so much better position than we were. And yes, and even relative to just the increase in prices, as Bob already said, we've got a wonderful fuel hedge in place. So no, I think we're in a much better position there.
