Robert E. Jordan: Well, thank you, Laura, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I'm very happy to report that overall, our AirTran integration is proceeding on track as planned and is on time. I want to begin by thanking everybody at both Southwest and AirTran for their hard work and dedication to the integration. They have kept their eye on the ball by running one of the best operations in the industry, while staying focused on the integration plan. In fact, 2011 was AirTran's best operational year ever, with on-time performance for the year at AirTran of 84.8%. And in December, which is typically a very tough month with winter weather, AirTran's on-time performance was 91.9% which is the best December ever, beating previous December by nearly 10 points. There was an equally strong performance in mishandled bags and complaints, so I'm just absolutely pleased with the people of AirTran for these results. On the integration front, optimizing our joint network continues to be a significant focus with scheduled publication lead times. Most of that doesn't really show up until 2012. But by improving overlap markets and repurposing less profitable flying now, we are creating the opportunities to improve our network returns, and some examples include our announcement during the fourth quarter of new 2012 AirTran service to Mexico City in Cabo San Lucas in AirTran -- I'm sorry, Southwest entry into Atlanta that begins next month with 15 daily flights ramping up to 18 daily flights by the summer. In total, based on our joint schedules currently published through August 12, we will serve 103 cities on our combined networks, providing significant revenue potential when we have the capacity and capability in place to connect the networks in 2012. We have completed 22 of 31 shared city transitions, co-locating our operations side by side. And a number of these shared cities, we have also in-sourced below-the-wing operations to Southwest ramp personnel. We've harmonized our passenger services vendors. We've harmonized our DIs programs. We've merged maintenance facilities in Orlando and Baltimore during the fourth quarter. And construction of the Atlanta cargo facility has been completed and is scheduled to open in conjunction with our service start-up there on February 12. We began to harmonize policies and procedures in the fourth quarter, including things like sporting equipment and select fees for UMs and pets, for example. We've also harmonized our large-scale maintenance contracts, for example GE and Honeywell, and those that resulted in substantial cost synergies, as Laura has already covered. On the labor front, our pilots ratified their seniority list integration agreement in November. Our flight attendants, mechanics and flight instructors have reached tentative SLI agreements that have been sent to membership for ratification votes, and these are just absolutely huge accomplishments and I want to commend our people for their focus and their ownership of this key step of getting the SLI proposal out for a vote. As you all know, seniority list integration is absolutely a crucial part of our integration plan, and it's wonderful that we can move forward with this without arbitration. We are also very excited to be on track with the integration just overall, especially the receipt of our single operating certificate, which we are still expecting in March of this year. And overall, we entered 2012 well positioned to begin the real heavy lifting of aircraft and station conversions, larger network moves, many of which are already in upcoming schedules. Overall as well, I'm just very pleased with AirTran's financial performance, as Laura mentioned. AirTran's marketing, revenue management and network planning activities have been managed by Southwest since early last fall. And through the combination of modest network changes, the utilization of Southwest revenue management tools and techniques, we are seeing substantial year-over-year RASM increases at AirTran each month. And the acquisition was modestly accretive to our 2011 results as we had planned. And finally, I would like to close with a historic milestone that's been reached just this week in our integration efforts. The very first group of AirTran employees officially joined the Southwest family. And I, for one, am extremely excited with this integration milestone. It just moves us one step closer to the day that will become one airline. And just on a final note, I had the pleasure of spending yesterday in Atlanta, just working the terminal there, talking to a lot of our AirTran folks, and I can assure you that the AirTran employees remain as enthusiastic and optimistic about joining Southwest Airlines as they have from the very beginning, and that's just a absolutely wonderful thing. And with that, Tom, I would like to open up the call to questions.
Robert E. Jordan: We currently have the plan of the aircraft integration and modification start, assuming again that we achieve SOC in March as planned. Those will start in late March, early April. The current plan is to begin and complete about 13 of those next year, put those back into the Southwest network of about 13 of the 737s. So from a capacity impact, those will be retrofitted with the new Evolve interior, so we'll move from 137 to 143. But on a capacity basis, it's a very modest impact. Those 13 aircraft moving from 137 to 143 have a very, very, very modest impact on the capacity change.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, yes, yes. I think the big difference is that where you know, for example the pilots, and then where we have a contract out or a proposal out for a ratification, you know what's planned. And so we have those raises and the timing of those raises in the forecast. But there is no catch-up retro, at least as far as I remember, or any group that has either ratified or is in the works, or any group that we hit or any plan for any group that we need to move through SLI in the future. So there's nothing to accrue.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, [indiscernible] just looking here, it looks like it's about -- for the move to the Evolve interior for the aircraft that will be converted in 2012, it looks like it's about a 0.5-ish impact on capacity.
Robert E. Jordan: Well Mary, we don't -- over the last few years, as we pruned out the unproductive flying in the schedule, a lot of that is really early in the day and really late in the day kind of flying for the most part. We have flights, you've heard this before that we just weren't covering our fuel costs, for example. As we've really worked the network and as hopefully we get some economic improvement here in 2012, it does look like there's a chance to begin to stretch the day back out just a bit, add some flying towards the end of the day and the beginning that we may have pruned out over time. I'm not talking about going back to 2007 or 2008, but it does look like we've got opportunities to stretch the day back out just a bit. The second thing, you asked about the overnight or red eye flying. One of the things that we can learn from AirTran is they actually did a fair amount of red eye flying; some of that actually pretty profitable. So the schedules that are in place out through August of this year, we have actually maintained a lot of that red eye flying in the AirTran schedule and are considering some of that for the combined schedules that we'll move forward. It's nothing dramatic. We're talking about 10 to 15 flights, not 50 or 75. But I don't think we've concluded it, so I would not rule out some modest red eye flying added to the mix. But again, it's a fairly small number of flights, and it would make a pretty small dent in our overall utilization and capacity.
Robert E. Jordan: Oh no, we're talking about flights that generally earlier than that, this is a sort of -- and again, it's market by market, but a lot of this we've actually pulled out, 8:00, 8:30, 9:00 flights that just weren't enough in the heart of the day, so it really is market by market. But whether you look at your markets that are strong that can support the additional frequencies, and the planes are used up in the middle of the day, so their frequency would have to be added later, maybe 8:00 versus 5:00. And so we just go market by market, but we are looking at some modest add backs.
Laura H. Wright: So Bob, when we say flat capacity, we're talking about available seat miles on a year-over-year basis. So certainly, we have more seats either being phased in, but we have airplanes being integrated, going through conversion at AirTran and we have and as we noted, we're actually going to be down net for the year, so that's flat ASMs.
Laura H. Wright: The first question, which was the share buyback, it is not related to any of our employee stock program. No requirement. That was just a decision that our board made as we've done in the past based on excess cash and trying to enhance our shareholder returns. So second question was the...
Laura H. Wright: Not buybacks. We didn't go out in the market. They were debt maturities. Certainly, there was debt associated with AirTran that was called upon the acquisition that's included in there. But when we acquired AirTran, we were very clear that they had much, much more leverage and more debt than Southwest. So I think from day one, we announced our intent to, over the first couple of years, reduce the combined leverage after acquisitions. So we're just completing that plan.
Laura H. Wright: No, Hunter, it was -- really, the difference from the guidance that we gave you was reclassifications. It was the reclassification we talked about, and it was also higher deferral percentages on our business partner income, which were actually up more than we expected, we're just deferring more of it into ATL, but we did not see any dissynergies in the numbers for the back fees that you're talking about. So it's really related to the accounting for the business partner income.
Laura H. Wright: But in terms of the cost guidance in our budgeting that we give you, we have expected -- we build into our forecast timing of when we expect some of those equalization to occur. So it's in our guidance, but not in the accruals.
Laura H. Wright: We think we can get it to you. We can give you a full run rate when it's all in and as you know, they're phasing in so you get -- you don't get the full impact in your one. So we're -- if you give us some time, we can get you that.
Laura H. Wright: Duane, if you look at the direct and indirect where you count Dallas and Chicago as common markets, it's about a 35% overlap with our capacity.
Laura H. Wright: I do have that. Let me get it real quick. Okay, so if we look at first quarter, the total seats in our direct markets are expected to be down about 3%. If you look at direct and indirect, it's the same number, down 3%. That compares to fourth quarter where competitor seats were down 2.6% in our direct markets and down 2.3% when you include indirect. So slightly better comparison in 1Q versus 4Q.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, what I mentioned was prospectively as we get to what we call clean sheet years, it's our goal to have annual hedging premiums under $100 million.
Laura H. Wright: Great. Well, thank you all so much for calling in today. If you think of additional questions as your stories develop, you know that we stand by and we'll be ready to get those answers for you. That number is 214-792-4847. Thank you so much for being of the call today, and hope everyone has a great day.
Gary C. Kelly: Well first of all, it was just -- as you well know, it was the truth. And it was really a reaction to the events across town, of course, but also a misunderstanding of whether it is an opportunity for Southwest or whether it presents more challenge. And so I was simply trying to address that. The fact is that our hey rates are higher now than anybody else in the industry by quite some margin. We make that up, obviously, by increased productivity. So we need to sustain that, and to the extent that we have become less productive in areas, which has happened. Things change over time, Bill, and we do have opportunities. We need to re-energize ourselves and then certainly to the extent that we still have waste that hasn't been wrung out in the company, we want to go and attack that. But I just challenge the premise that there's no opportunities left to improve productivity or improve our efficiencies or to eliminate waste because there are, and we can never be satisfied with that. Now we've got some fundamental opportunities from a, if you want to think about it as a policy perspective, to improve our productivity. We can refresh our fleet and certainly replace less efficient, less reliable aircraft with more efficient, more reliable aircraft, and that was a fundamental component of the fleet strategy that we announced roughly a week or so later. So I think that puts that into context. So we're certainly going to pursue those kinds of opportunities. In terms of scheduling airplanes on a daily basis, we've done a lot over the last couple of years to trim schedules, but there is available aircraft time if we can be more innovative and clever in finding ways to successfully market that time, especially late in the evening. So we have those kinds of basic opportunities as well.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I don't think we're comfortable in speculating what we might or might not do in terms of any kind of a deal. I think we would certainly admit that we have a strategy. It's an energetic one. We have a lot of work planned, certainly for not only 2012, but '13 and '14 and '15. And we'll only want to commit to work that we feel like we can do in a high quality way and in a successful way. Any time you contemplate a merger, obviously that is a huge undertaking and we're really busy with not only that, but with other things that we have. I would fully admit, and I certainly wouldn't want to try to be cute about this. A hub-and-spoke legacy carrier that has multiple aircraft type, it's not obvious how that would fit for a company like the Southwest Airlines. You know that. We know that. I think what we will clearly do and what we've admitted that we would do is we will pay close attention to any things that do become available, whether it's a simple route or whether it's other assets and we'll be on our toes to move on those if there's some good opportunities. But I can't give you a straight answer as to whether or not we would be seriously entertaining other M&A activity.
Gary C. Kelly: I'm not answering that. So I think that we -- if you asked us if we were busy, I would say yes. But there's a lot going on, and we will always want to do that well and it would clearly be a factor in us contemplating adding anything else to our corporate to-do list. But I didn't go -- I didn't answer the question as to whether or not I thought we had the bandwidth for it. Priorities can be revisited, and so I don't think that -- I'm not comfortable speculating on what we might or might not to in that regard.
Gary C. Kelly: Hunter, I think the 6 months -- well, 6 months ago, when Laura and I put ourselves back in the August time period talking about our second quarter results and the current trends, we were a little confused at that point in time with what we were seeing demand-wise. I think since then, we've clarified with our third quarter and fourth quarter results that demand has actually continued to be quite strong. So we had a little midyear chop for whatever reason there. But third and fourth has just been very steady, very stable, very strong and that's what we’re seeing so far here in January. It's a very good environment. The macro environment, everything we read every day feels better than it did there when we were having the debt crisis, and I think everybody was spooked by a number of things that were going on there. So absolutely, things feel much more stable, much more consistent. Laura's already reported here this morning or this afternoon that we're looking at 7% to 8% unit revenues gains yet again here in January, so I'm feeling pretty good.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, it's probably a similar answer to one I gave to Bill. I won't talk about pricing tactics either in the rearview mirror or going forward. We want to be the low fare leader. We're very pleased with our no-hidden-fees positioning. I think that's worked very, very well for us. And then it's down to managing market by market, and most markets have fairly significant competitive situations underway. But otherwise, I'm not comfortable giving any particular insight. I would say that with the exception of sort of the middle of the year, we've had a very strong revenue performance and a very strong revenue environment. We are, in 2012, about to begin managing quite a bit of churn in the AirTran, Southwest route systems. We're trying to pay very close attention to that. Overall, macro wise, we're feeling pretty good about the economy and our own performance. I think what we've all been -- don't lose sight of the fact that what Laura was reporting about the AirTran unit, and that the AirTran yields as a unit are up almost 20% at times. So these are just facts that I'm illustrating that while we didn't take the fare increase, we got a much higher yielding result through other techniques. So our balance -- as I've said, I'm very pleased with the fourth quarter revenue performance, very pleased with the customer satisfaction. We are managing very carefully this introduction of a brand-new frequent flier program, which I think here at this point in time is going exceptionally well. So all of those things are factors in the way we think about pricing at a macro level. But overall, again, the trends are good and obviously I'm hoping that, that translates into a strong revenue performance here in 2012.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think that there is a -- is or was a fundamental difference in the pricing structures. Now clearly, there are some differences. If one sits down and studies it market by market, of course we don't have complete overlap either with our systems. But I don't think you'll find a particularly different price fare structure, Jamie. And again, this is all public information. What is admittedly different been between the 2 companies is the mix. Mix of business and leisure, mix of connections and non-connections, mix of full-fare, discount. That is very different. And without using fare increases, we've been able to change that revenue management approach within AirTran, as we have already shared, and that's what's driving unit revenue growth at AirTran. But it's not a fair structure, per se. As Laura's saying, it's execution. So it's how we are utilizing that fare structure that we've been able to make some improvements. I think the Southwest -- I doubt that it's the Southwest brand per se, but it is sort of the Southwest approach and Southwest philosophies that are realizing some gains right now.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think the answer is no. Because as I'm thinking out loud, I'm looking to Bob and Laura here, that implies as a retroactive rate change and we don't do that. So we've done that in the past, but that's not currently in the works. Unless I'm just forgetting something...
Gary C. Kelly: But Helane, just to make sure we're all 3 understanding your question, we have -- the pilots, we have the deal. So we know exactly what pilots move to what pay rates and when. And as Laura mentioned in her remarks, we're phasing AirTran's integration into Southwest. And therefore, those labor rate changes are also phasing into Southwest between now and when we're done, which will be roughly 2014. Those are all forward-looking, so there's nothing to "accrue" in that sense.
Gary C. Kelly: Otherwise, we'll just shoot it to you. But -- and this somewhat ties into Bob McAdoo's question, the available seat mile forecast is almost literally flat in '12 compared to '11 for the full year. The trips, though, are down and they're down probably 3-plus percent. So it's everything that we've been discussing. You get more seats per departure and you may get a little bit longer distance being flown on average as well. But it's really the additional seats that's making up that gap in trips. And the aircraft fleet itself will be down 7 units, again, as we discussed by the end of the year.
Gary C. Kelly: Well yes, I think I would agree with what I think you just said as a latter point. I think in the end, I think any management worth its salt has to do what it's got to do. And we're all obligated -- we have a duty to manage our shareholder value here and to hit our returns on investments. So there's some art in agreeing on what that target ought to be, but I think everyone generally agrees with our target of 15% on a pretax basis. So we're determined to do that, number one. Number two, I don't believe that the right way to achieve that is to shrink the fleet, mainly because we have so many opportunities. If we don't like the way our assets are deployed today, we have a lot of opportunities to deploy them in a different way. And I think that, that would -- strategically, it would be a mistake. It's very painful to downsize. There is a cost associated from a goodwill perspective with customers, with employees, with downsizing and so companies do that. Some companies are forced to do that. It's a tool that we have if we find that we need it. I think it is my least favorite tool. The nice thing for us is we're only in 72 cities right now and we are creating more capabilities to be able to serve even more markets very effectively. So that is our plan. And again as you know, our orientation is to fix our fuel cost issue and our profitability challenge and then grow the airline and do it in that way. But if we have to shrink, we have to shrink. But that's certainly not in the cards right now, Dan.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'm not sure that I have anything new to add to the discussion. We feel like, and so does AirTran, we feel like we can add value to the Atlanta discussion. We can win customers in Atlanta. We can take existing Southwest customers to Atlanta. We can certainly significantly restructure the AirTran schedule and take advantage of the Southwest network. And that's what we're focused on doing. We've had great success with that approach, especially here in Denver over the last 5 years. And we're the low-cost guy, we're the low-fare leader and we'll be something different in the market. I think the market is embracing that, and we're certainly excited with what we've heard so far. Charlotte, I don't have a whole lot to offer. There is a presence there by AirTran, which means by definition that we'll give it a good hard look. And we have not announced what our plans are one way or the other with Charlotte yet. So it's a little premature for me to address that. But Atlanta, we've been very open. You can't really acquire AirTran without having some idea about what you're going to do in Atlanta. We've shared that and we're about to get started.
Gary C. Kelly: It's sort of a direct and indirect question, so if you look at it on an indirect basis, a lot. There's a lot of overlap in Dallas. There's a lot of overlap in Chicago, even though it's not the same airport. We have a lot of overlap with them in California. They have a large presence in New York. But those are the big hitters, I guess, South Florida as well. So there's plenty of overlap. There's plenty of opportunities to gain some share if they shrink. They have made dramatic changes to their route structure over the last 20 years, and Southwest has picked up a whole lot of business. So you know what is underway at Dallas Love Field? We're completely reconstructing the terminal. The Wright Amendment, of course, restrictions drop in 2014, which will allow for a more fair competition out of the North Texas area, too. So there are some things happening there. But, however...
Gary C. Kelly: Well the former, we can give you a little insight on. The latter you can't, and I'll at least speak to that. But bookings look normal. And with all new markets, we monitor them very closely and we use reference markets to get some idea. And it's pretty typical for a new city. We have some that are ahead of what you would think, some that are behind what you would think, but overall it looks fine. At this stage with advance bookings, these are all going to be leisure customers for the most part. They could be business customers who are willing to commit to advanced purchase restrictions. But you can't really get any kind of a read based on the booking as to what the purpose of the trip is. So we don't know, but they're all discount tickets right now. One other thing, Kelly, I would mention to you is that when we start a month, we probably have half of the bookings in place for the whole system for that month. So a lot has to happen the week of travel. And it appears to me that Atlanta's not going to be any different in that regard. The only other thing I would say is that just the nature of the itineraries that are being booked we tend to be, as you know, a point-to-point or a nonstop airline, and the bookings suggest that as well. So it looks very normal for Southwest city opening.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, they're one of the largest airlines in the world, and with their #1 market that they serve and so I would expect them to be vigorous competitors and we thrive on competition.
