Gary Kelly: Yes. Sure, Joe. To be honest with you, I don't remember exactly the words that I used, but I wouldn't say that anything has changed other than time has gone by. We've firmed up our plan. We've more than sustained our momentum. It's actually improved. And we've told you the truth in October. We're telling you the truth today. We're very excited about 2019. I think what I must admit was just the desire that we have to keep the pipeline full of new ideas and new initiatives. And in terms of what we have in flight right now, I think we're all very pleased, very encouraged with the changes that we made during 2018. We've got plenty of experience under our belt there. And again, my hat's off to our commercial team, I think they did a phenomenal job and so we feel really good about that and even better about our forecast for 2019 and the benefits that would flow from that. Beyond that, I think I was clear in October that we weren't contemplating then nor are we contemplating now any new initiatives per se on the revenue front for 2019. All I was doing today is just to reiterate that that as far as 2020 goes and what I first mentioned in July that work is more than an idea. It's a commitment. The construction is underway. Every time that we have relooked at the couple of ideas that we have under construction they look better to us. So I don't think there's anything different in the message today other than we have better visibility more certainty and we're down the road with some of our work. It's been firmed up. We've got a project plan people working on it and we're feeling very good about 2019 and encouraged about our opportunity to continue to augment that momentum in 2020.
Gary Kelly: And is very quickly on your point about staying competitive, just look at the results. I mean there is no evidence that we are not competitive. In fact there's evidence that we have the best combination of revenues and cost and returns period. So I think we're all very confident about where we stand in our brand and we'll put it up against anybody.
Gary Kelly: Well, our ULCC overlap is gigantic. So I think the results would say, yes. And I'm just pointing back to earlier comments that I made about our enhanced revenue management capabilities. So we're in a better position than ever to compete with low cost, high cost, you name it. And Tom is or has hinted that we were going to use we're leveraging this technology to pursue a couple of new revenue generating ideas. So we got a lot of -- we have a lot of strengths. We have more seats in the United States than anybody else. We have more customers than anybody else. We have the best frequent flyer program. We have a great overall product in terms of the reliability in the on-time performance in the baggage handling. We have the best employees in terms of the hospitality. It is a dynamite package. Nobody can approach matching that combination of strengths. Certainly the ULCCs can't come close to that. And again, as I say we're real confident about where we are. We never want a standstill and we want to keep investing and making improvements.
Gary Kelly: No. It's the former and we've been clear about that. So we're going to be growing, I think most people think pretty aggressively this year. We've added a lot of airplanes to overcome the retirement of the classic fleet, and then, grow beyond that. So we're at record fleet numbers this year and we'll be adding a net of 25-ish in 2019. So to answer your question, is what do we do with 25 airplanes? And we're going to Hawaii. We're going big that needs to be the focus. And it kind of crowds out expansion in other areas like international. Tom gave a quick summary of the international performance as we saw it here in the fourth quarter. And taking a little breather there right now is allowing a really good unit revenue development. So that's all fine. But we have vast opportunities to grow internationally. And were it not for Hawaii, we would absolutely be adding some more international routes and augmenting some of our flying. So it's simply a matter of prioritization and Hawaii, I think deserves that kind of prioritization is that big of an opportunity.
Gary Kelly: Well, that's just you do that every day. So, yes, we're pruning. And in fact that will be part of our cost initiatives that we talked about back in October is evolving our route strategy so that not only is it more commercially viable, but it also is more customer friendly in terms of recovery if we have late flights. And that should help our cost performance. So we are always doing those kinds of things. We have a very complicated network. There are infinite solutions as to how we route our aircraft and that is one of the inputs. But, yes, the answer is absolutely obviously we're always doing that and we like where we are with the route system as it is right now. But we'll continue to prune it as we go forward.
Gary Kelly: You're testing my memory, but I believe it's in the fall, in the November time period of 2018. It's already going in.
Gary Kelly: Those flights are in place and performing well. We've also moved LaGuardia is undergoing this massive makeover and we've moved to our new facilities so that's been very serendipitous for us to get really good real estate at the same time that we're adding flights. So all that's going really well also.
Gary Kelly: Well, that was probably a better question for Mike. So Jamie are you coming at it more from an operational build up as opposed to a commercial ramp up.
Gary Kelly: And just philosophically, Jamie, we're going to be conservative. So this is -- there is a certification process for a reason and I think what I just underscore what Mike just said. We're going to want to go at a pace that we're comfortable with. And I don't think we will be at the same place at the end of the year that we would have been Mike had we started that's February 1, in terms of flying. But at the same time in the grand scheme of things, we're going to get there and is not talking about years delay and we are commercial folks have other purposes for -- relative to the earlier question. There are plenty of places that we can put airplanes and that is one advantage we have as an airline. We can move the airplanes around and our people are very resilient and they're willing to do temporary duty in other locations. So it's sloppy and we've admitted that and it's reflected in our first half numbers. Even with that, we're still looking at a really a stellar year and other than that nothing is changed. The nice thing is, the FAA has approved our program. It is ready to go. All we have to do now is demonstrate to them that we can execute our program. And so that the line of sight to getting to the certification is pretty darn sharp and the FAA is really anxious to get their part of this work done too. It's just a shame that we are where we are with the shutdown.
Gary Kelly: Well, I -- you know us so well, so I don't know that I'm trying to debate the point, but I don't think of Southwest as a secondary city airline, 100% of our customers flow through our top -- I don't know 10 airports. So we're a big city airline. And in other words, we don't, just using your words, secondary, we don't go non-stop secondary to secondary. We know in recent years as an example, we've added non-stops from San Antonio, let's say to Kansas City, we're the number one airline in each city. I would certainly not refer to them as secondary. They're very substantial cities. We've got a lot of fans in both and those are very successful flights. So I don't know as I remember we've got 85 -- 48 states cities and they're in the top 85. And in fact, we try to avoid the smaller cities because we fly as you well know, we fly 737s and we just don't generate enough volume compared to what we could do in other locales. So I think the net answer is, we're used to competition. I mean that's not going to go away. That will continue to make us better. And we're just continuing to play to our strengths and continue to expand strategically in a way that plays to our strengths.
Gary Kelly: Tammy, we want to make sure that everyone understands that -- I don't know if happy is the right word, but I am not satisfied with unit cost growth in 2015 of 3% to 3.5%. So don't get us wrong. We were taking corrective action. Right now that's what we -- that's what we're facing. And we've had plenty of years in our history where we've had 3% unit cost growth and it's just going to be one of those years, but that is certainly not what you should extrapolate going forward we expect a lot more research for this.
Gary Kelly: And just one other thing very quickly just to remind everybody what's driving the 3%, 3.5%. It's a couple of basic things, significant airport projects and investments around the country. Number two, a heavier aircraft maintenance burden that is manifesting in 2019. Number three, we are seeing a step-up in depreciation from deployment of more aircraft and also the deployment of technology projects. So one of the things that we did for 2019 is, we said let's just make sure that we are taking into account the benefits that should flow through our cost structure of a lot of these investments that are being deployed. And that was a lot of the improvement that we saw since October. I guess in the interest of time we ought to move on to our next question.
Gary Kelly: That is a great question. And I'm going to sidestep it a little bit under because I don't like to talk about individual specific markets and their profitability. We just always had a tradition of maintaining our thoughts sort of in a proprietary way about that setting the comparison aside for a second. All of the forecast that we have done from a very significant point of strength in California to Hawaii have been exceptional. So I'm expecting that they will perform like a typical startup initially and develop quickly and be very, very satisfactory performers, point number one. What we were I think pleasantly surprised with is when we were urged to contemplate inter island flying which when we first revealed in October of 2017 that we were going to Hawaii, we were not thinking that. Once we looked at that, we were pleasantly surprised how it forecast as well. And so I think on both aspects of that business the mainland to the islands, and then, the inter island both forecast well. And based on our experience with forecasting and understanding our customers and our markets and the competitive dynamics we feel very, very good about the viability of that. Or else we wouldn't have made the choice and the judgment to ramp that up very quickly. We would have been much more cautious. So we're putting our money where our mouth is and in any event as you know the exposure is limited. I think Hawaii builds up to be a point Tom or something like that of our capacity. But that's sort of a backhanded way of saying we're bullish about it. I don't intend it that way. We're going to have a very viable schedule. We have a lot of customers who are huge fans of Southwest that we're confident will get on board. Hawaii is a huge destination which is you have to take that into account when you do the comps to other markets of comparable distance. And we're going to do well is the bottom line and while we continually update our forecast, our judgment about this opportunity has been unchanged.
Gary Kelly: Whoever is listening. It's been an emotional experience for our company to lose someone like Herb. And I can't remember whether you ever had the opportunity to meet him, but the impact he had on people is absolutely profound. And you get on a Southwest Airlines airplane and everybody feels like they know him. Everybody feels like they that he loves them and people are inspired. So there's just no stopping us. And it's all about our people in terms of making this airline work and they are as inspired as ever and they're the ones who win these customers, they're the ones who win the Fortune Most Admired and just on and on and on and it comes from the heart. And there is no company in the world that that is like this. So whoever wants to get in our way better look out.
A - Gary Kelly: Well, thanks Alison. I'd like for Mike to have a chance to answer that too. But I think the bottom line is, no. Tammy and Ryan put in the press release the dollar impact that we've seen and that's pretty specific to government travel. And that's something that we're comfortable that we can estimate. You use the word safety. It is safe and it will be safe. I think the risk is that things slow down in order to retain a safe operating environment. That's both from an air traffic perspective as well as an airport perspective. So I am so proud of our FAA and TSA employees. I feel like they are doing a phenomenal job. They shouldn't have to endure this. And I think our whole country should offer their thanks to them for keeping the airlines running. Our business is one that is intimately tied in with federal government. The federal government touches every single customer that goes through the airport and they touch every single flight that we have and it goes beyond just those things. But so far the operation Mike has been actually superb since the beginning of the year. But what would you like to answer.
A - Gary Kelly: And again, also to be clear, we're not saying that. In fact, Mike's operation the on-time performance is better this year than it was a year ago so far. So things so far knock on wood are going just fine. So this is all conjecture. But those are the things that we're all worried about and this thing just can't go on. I feel the FAA has made a good point about what is the impact right now. Well, they are not allowed to hire anybody if they did they wouldn't do any good because they're not allowed to train anybody. And so they already have a hard time keeping their air traffic control positions filled. And it takes years of experience to develop proficiency and this was harmful. So we know at some point down the road there'll be some harm, some way, somehow. But this is crazy. It just absolutely needs to end. And if it left as it is, it will harm the economy. It will harm air travel. I don't know -- what impacts are on other industries, but these are important jobs or they wouldn't be there. The notion that they're not essential is absurd, they're all essential. And so it just the sooner than later, but right now knock on wood everything is running remarkably well and that's a real tribute to the federal government employees.
A - Gary Kelly: I've never heard one Mike, any Tammy, Tom, no. Never heard one. I think in fact, I would bet you and you're welcome to talk to anybody who will talk to you. I bet you will hear the same thing that you heard from me, which is that people are there and they're working hard. I think anytime I see anybody I thank them for their hard work and so should you when you travel.
A - Gary Kelly: I think the short answer is no. As you would expect, the industry aligned with many other industries has communicated to leadership in the federal government. The risk of continuing this and the harm that can be done so absent that. What else can be done. And we're going to do everything that we can to find ways to mitigate this and not simply sit here and be victims about this. But in the end this is -- we're dealing with a monopoly. So we don't have the choice to go to someone else to provide our traffic services or our security services. It's just not available to us and it shouldn't work this way, but it does. So in the meantime, we just need to have cool heads and attend to our business as best we can and we're determined here that we're going to have a very good year in 2019 no matter what. And we'll do our best to work through this slop.
A - Gary Kelly: But I think what Mike had planned is, we got our approval from the FAA for our program by the end of December and that was a huge accomplishment. I was very proud of our folks and very thankful to the FAA. They worked hard to get there. All that was left during the month of January and Mike had all this scheduled, they had dates scheduled. They had the task scheduled, was to validate for the FAA that we knew our program and that we could handle different scenarios that would be posed. All that led to a schedule that assuming everything was passed if you will that we would be selling next week. And Mike had planned, once we started selling that we would be flying sometime in February. So now he is going to roll this. So if we get started, again, with the FAA let's say February 1, I think you can roughly allow a month and then we would be able to get our certificate and sell, and then we would be flying in the following month. And it just rolls. So with that that's roughly the amount of time that we're going to need from the time that we get back on task until we fly. So it's somewhere or no homie to this because it will still depend, but it's somewhere around six to eight weeks. I would say from the time that he starts working with the FAA to finish to the time that we would be flying. And then Mike has to publish schedules for his flight crews and that is on a monthly cadence so it's -- so that's it. Anyway that should give you some rough idea. I think it is possible if we get started quickly that we could be flying in March. We don't see a path to flying in February. It's too late for February but we could be flying in March. But we don't start with the FAA units, part one it's going to be April. So that's kind of a rough road.
A - Gary Kelly: Right now. Our focus is primarily on destinations from our strong points in the U.S. The better performing destinations for us right now or the leisure destinations. Mexico City, we are showing very nice improvement. It's more much more of a business market and given where we are right now we just have better opportunities in terms of deploying that capacity. I'd love for us to be back in Mexico City one of these days. Tom and his team are working on better commercial capabilities in terms of marketing and foreign countries accepting foreign currency and all of those things are futures, which certainly support service to a place like Mexico City better than what we have today. But we just have better alternatives. And like I said hopefully we'll be back in Mexico City one of these days. Our priority right now obviously is adding Hawaii service.
A - Gary Kelly: We have -- as a part of the Trade Association. The trade association has communicated on all of our behalves. And off the top of my head, I don't remember who was on that list but I'm sure it was a long list of officials that received that communication.
A - Gary Kelly: I think all we can continue -- is to reach out to members of Congress, reach out to leadership, reach out to the White House and there are -- I can assure you there are ongoing opportunities for us to do that and we will.
A - Gary Kelly: You're focused on when they're not on furlough. That is critical. It would be nice to have them off furlough so they can be focused on what is an important question.
A: I think you did all the high points, I agree with what he said no matter what it will be safe. It's just whether or not the volume of activity can keep pace with all the different staffing whether it's TSA or air traffic controllers or things like that. And so I do things that longer that it goes more risks that we have that maybe there are longer waiting times at checkpoints that had to wait -- taxiing times may lengthen, your in-flight times may change maybe a little bit longer trial between the airplanes. So those are the kinds of things that I think we ought to be about.
A: Yes. So when we first start up to Hawaii, we're just going to be focused on the mainland to Hawaii and flying for a period of time. And then, not launch into the entire island the final publicly probably after leaving a couple of months of service before we get into the inter island flying.
A: So it is just to play out through that and the launch in mainline service to one location, we will have mainline service to a second location and then as we get more Hawaii locations out there we have more options than to connect that inter island flying and that's what I will launch with the mainland service first and follow on with the other flying.
A: I'm not -- this is Mike. I'm not familiar with a near a Southwest Airlines flight, in a drone opportunity if I can. But just generally speaking whether it is bird and bird strikes or drones or any other type of activity the airline industry is interested in making sure that the airspace especially above the airports coming into those critical times are well regulated and maintained. So the industry is very supportive of having some type of regulatory requirements and oversight for drones having them registered, having them have certain requirements in terms of their operations trying to limit their availability especially in critical airspace close to the airport. And I know that the FAA is focused on that. I know that there are several other regulatory groups and trying to figure out how we control all this new technology.
