Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Chad. And thank you to everyone for joining us today. In just a moment, we will share some brief remarks and then open it up for Q&A. And on our call today, we have our Chairman of the Board and CEO, Gary Kelly; Executive Vice President and Incoming CEO, Bob Jordan; Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Watterson; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Van de Ven. Just a few quick notes. First, we will make forward-looking statements today which are based on our current expectations of future performance and our actual results could differ substantially from these expectations. And second, we had a few special items in our fourth quarter results, which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes, and we will reference these non-GAAP results in our remarks today. So, please see our press release from this morning and our IR website for more information and our cautionary statement which cover these topics in more detail. So, with that, I have the pleasure of turning it over one last time to my friend, Gary Kelly.
Ryan Martinez: Well, thank you, Mike. I believe we have analysts queued up. So Chad, if you please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: Well, that’s fantastic. Thank you for sharing. Of course, you are a legend, and I think you’re the GOAT. Not a goat, but the GOAT. Sign off here, and that wraps up the analyst portion of our call today. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day. 
Gary Kelly: Thank you, Ryan. And good morning, everybody. And thank you for joining us for the Southwest Airlines fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. And first and foremost, I’m delighted to be able to say there were earnings and better than we thought at Investor Day last month. It’s obviously a great way to end a tough, but much improved year, a great way to start a new year. We’re, of course, finding our way through the Omicron surge in January, February, and looking forward to a strong rebound in March and thereafter. And, as always, as barring any unforeseen events, I expect we’ll make great progress in 2022 and will enjoy another much improved year. As we all know too well, it will not be without its challenges. But, our people and our leadership are more than up to the task. I’m enormously proud of all of them. And I thank them profusely for their resilience and their perseverance through these myriad of challenges that we’ve faced the last two years. They’ve just done a phenomenal job. Southwest is on top, because our people deliver great service, low fares and our business model delivers consistent profits and handsome returns on capital. And we’ve emerged from two years of pandemic with our balance sheet strength and our liquidity intact. And we are perfectly positioned to restore, to expand and compete aggressively in the coming years. And I could not be more enthused and more excited about our future. So, with that, I’m going to turn it over to our outstanding CEO and waiting for five more days, Mr. Bob Jordan.
Gary Kelly: We’ve always been very circumspect about confidential information here, so I’m going to have to decline to answer your question.
Gary Kelly: Yes. The only thing I would add too is that the -- it’s all the gas, right, at this point. So, we’re making our best guess based on -- we have terrific staffing plans. I’m confident we will meet those here in 2022. If we get ahead of those, we -- obviously, we preserve the ability to sort of work on our capacity on the other end in the back end of 2022. We just don’t know yet. But yes, it’s really all due to staffing at this point. We’ve got to run a reliable operation. We’ve got to have enough staff cushion.
Gary Kelly: Yes, I might separate sort of the experience at the beginning of January and then the rest of the year as we had a really rapid rise in COVID cases in the first couple of weeks of January. You had an overall Southwest Airlines impact operationally and then you had very locational impacts. An example would be the Denver ramp. We had a rapid rise in our Denver cases on the Denver ramp, and we literally had to quickly moderate the Denver schedule to be able to operate there. But I think it’s really -- the overall adjustments to capacity is really all groups. We need pilots, we need flight attendants, we need ramp staffing, and you need the appropriate amount of buffer in all of those areas until we sort of see our way past COVID and understand what more normalized staffing, more normalized behaviors, more normalized sick leave looks like. So, I would argue, we -- it’s really not one group. We have buffer -- we’re looking for buffer in all of those groups.
Gary Kelly: Well, thanks, Hunter. Well, I don’t know how good of a prognosticator I’ve ever been or I don’t think I’m myself that way. I do think that if you compare the U.S. to other countries, the U.S. has left the commercial airline industry in pretty darn good shape. And were it not for the CARES Act, I think we’d be having a very different conversation. So, I think it’s just important to acknowledge that upfront. Having said that, there are still significant variations. So, when you talk about the industry, it’s hard to think about it that way because there’s strong and there’s weak. There are strong balance sheets, there are weak balance sheets. And I think what we’ve experienced in 2021 is really humbling. A year ago, and you and I haven’t talked in a while, but I think everyone I’ve run into where we had the sort of video tape replayed, I would have never bet a year ago that this is where we would be here in early 2022. I thought we would have this pandemic beat and behind us, and it’s far from that. So, I think that just sort of provides the same and even bigger quandary now, which is where we think we’re going to be with the pandemic two years from now. We were honoring a former Dallas Mayor earlier this week, and he and I were having the exact same conversation, and his guess was 10 years. We’re going to be dealing with this for 10 years. So, I think that has a direct correlation with travel, tourism, hospitality, restaurants, all of that. We just have to be -- we need to hope for the best, plan for the worst, is sort of the age-old advice that we’ve all gotten. It does feel like business travel wants to come back, and I think that’s encouraging. We were hoping for a stronger business travel here in Jan-Feb than what we’re realizing. We all know why that hasn’t happened. So just again, a perfect example. But I think the industry is pretty darn well capitalized. It’s taken on a lot of debt, which is going to have to be carefully managed. It’s -- we’re going to have to be more heavily dependent on consumer travel than where we were before. I think international also kind of fits into that category of it’s probably different in the future than it has been in recent history, and we’ll just have to be prepared to be more successful domestically over the next couple of years. But in my opinion, and that’s why I put it in my remarks, I think it’s the best service, and the lowest price wins. And if you have that combination within the industry, you’re going to win. I think it is a low-cost gain always, but I think that’s even more acutely important right now, and that will be a laser focus for our leadership team certainly for the next couple of years.
Gary Kelly: I don’t think anybody can stop me. So, that was one of my pure joys in life, and I do have grandchildren who get a kick out of it, so. But, it’s all about me. I really enjoy dressing up.
Gary Kelly: Well, I’ll jump in and start and you all can add. So in 2021, we made some assumptions about the operating environment that we would be in and the environment that people would live in. And it was just clear to us as we went through this Delta variant that, that environment was not appropriate, and we’ve spent a lot of time in 2021 reacting to that caused our crews to be rescheduled. It caused regular operations, and we had a reliability challenge for the airline. Our approach in 2022 really is to just accept that the environment that we’re in currently might be the environment that we’re in for a while and go ahead and plan the airline and staff the airline like that. And so that’s what you’re seeing with respect to the capacity adjustments here in 2022, is just making the assumption that let’s still assume things are going to get better until they actually do. So we have a very aggressive plan to go hire people. I think our wage rate increases, especially in the front line for the ground, will help us accelerate our staffing. I think we’ll have plenty of access to pilots and flight attendants. So I feel good that our staffing plan is going to come to fruition. And then the question just is, as we bring the people on and we mitigate the premium pay, we mitigate some of the regular operations, we run a more stable operation, can we -- will we see different behaviors? And if we do, that gives us upside.
Gary Kelly: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. I just wanted to acknowledge all the kind comments from everyone. I’m very appreciative of that. And some of the old-timers that caused me to reminisce. When I started as CFO, it was 1989, and in those days, we didn’t do this. I talked -- I was Investor Relations, and Tammy is laughing because I had to beg her 5 years into this to come bail me out. But I did the Investor Relations. We had the CFO, we had a controller, and we had a Treasurer. And we’re cheap now, but we were really cheap then. So we had one assistant that supported all 3 of us, and I did the Investor Relations. So we would send out -- we had this auto fax system, where we would fax out the press releases. And then some of you would be really angry with us because you were at the bottom of the fax list, which meant that you were -- I don’t know how long this damn thing took, but it was not instantaneous. We’ll put it that way. And then I would talk to each analyst individually on the phone. And then when I couldn’t take it anymore, I said -- I begged Tammy to come over from leading financial reporting to come to Investor Relations. She was the very first Investor Relations professional in the history of Southwest Airlines, and she modernized all of the things that we enjoy today. It took a while for her to beat that in to me, but she eventually did. The other thing you caused me to reminisce on is Tammy, who was and is a star, she moved on to other jobs and hired Marcy. And then Marcy moved on to other jobs and now we hired Ryan, and that’s pretty remarkable. In a 33 years’ time, we’ve only had 3 people, 3 different people leading Investor Relations. So I’m very proud of you guys. And I -- and for all my friends here, I will tell you, and I’ve told all my Southwest colleagues this, I learned more from doing Investor Relations than I learned going to school. And the questions that you all have, the ideas, the way you challenge me, at least over the years, has been invaluable, and not to mention the very rich friendships that we had. Helane will remember, and this -- I think I was a controller at the time in the late ‘80s, we would do a show at the big Shearson Lehman Hutton investor conference, which was multi days. And people would come, they would stay for days. And then Southwest, we put on this Broadway-like parody of the industry. We pick on Frank Lorenzo especially, who’s a good friend of mine, by the way, and Crandall and others. But Helane, I remember the first year that you came on working for Bob Joedicke. We parodied you, and we had an actor walk across the stage. I don’t remember the song, but we had -- we anointed Helane Miss Shearson Lehman Hutton because she added a lot of glamour the sales side analyst community to this day. But in any event, I’m very grateful for the friendships, very blessed to have been in a really great company for 36 years. And I just heard this morning that Parker was retiring in March. And I didn’t translate that into, well, that means that this is his last analyst call. And I was told that he reported that he’s done between being CEO and CFO 107 of these quarterly things. And I did the math on mine, and I want every one of you to know that it’s 134 for me. So not that I’m keeping score with Parker, but I will leave you all with that and leave Southwest Airlines in great hands. And as you all know, I’m not going anywhere. We’ve got lots of work to do, and I’m going to be here doing my little part. So Ryan, thank you very much. Back to you, sir.
Gary Kelly: Kyle, those were all people that had -- were tested positive for COVID themselves. They weren’t not coming to work because of some family issues. They tested positive and reported the positive COVID to us.
Gary Kelly: So mostly, the 8,000 number that you hear, that would be the net increase in our full-time active equivalent employees. And then one of the benefits that you do get from hiring people is you do get to average down the scale increases in the contract. And we’ve got about, like I said earlier, about 40% of that group will be flat cruise, 40% will be ground-ops. All of those are covered work groups, and so I do think we’ll have an opportunity on our wage rates as we have newer people come in to average those down. I haven’t looked and see what that means exactly as compared to 2019, and we’ll just -- that’s a good question.
Gary Kelly: Alison, well, yes, I don’t believe there is any current discussion about extending or terminating the mask mandate, right? I think it’s well established that once you’re onboard the aircraft, the environment is very healthy with the continuous air refresh. Adding the mask is an added layer of safety. And given the fact that we’re right in the midst of this Omicron surge, now is not really the time to revisit that question in our opinion. And I think that’s representative of the A4A opinion as well. We survey our customers, and there are -- there’s still a significant number of customers who feel safer with the mask. There’ll come a time when the mask won’t be necessary. I think we all look forward to that, but right now is not the right time. 
Gary Kelly: Thank you, Dawn. I remember all the rough interviews I had to suffer through with you. So thanks for all of that.
Gary Kelly: Dawn, I’ll let Andrew come back to the flight count. But you -- so you need to join our marketing team because you probably put everything that we’ve looked at on the table. But no, I’ll just tell you, yes, it’s just too early to give away exactly what -- for a lot of reasons. Competitively, we’re not ready to reveal exactly what that fare product looks like. Andrew is right, we’re not taking anything away. It’s going to be very attractive in terms of where it’s positioned. I think it will be what you would expect from Southwest Airlines in terms of consumer-friendly, but we’re just not ready let you know, but it’s coming soon.
Gary Kelly: So we had planned to bring that back around the middle of February, and we ended up because of the Omicron virus. And just making sure that we had enough separation in the cabin for one, we delayed that. And then -- so we’re looking at that here sometime in late in the first quarter, maybe early in the second quarter.
Gary Kelly: And Mary, I hadn’t really thought about it the way you asked the question, but it is a wonderful question. I think the -- as we think about Southwest Airlines and year 51, it is so much stronger and better prepared at any point in time in our history. And I think back 18 years ago, it -- we had a lot of challenges. It was post 9/11, and the world was just different. There was a shift from -- away from short-haul travel to longer-haul travel. We weren’t necessarily well prepared for that, and a lot of things needed to be retooled and still retain the essence of Southwest Airlines, which I feel like we’ve been able to do. . The speed of change in today’s world is just faster than it was 20 years ago. And so I would wish for Bob that we have a better technology platform in place compared to 18 years ago that would enable a faster and more tactical like decisions. For us, anything that we wanted to do that was different in the 2000s meant years and millions in terms of construction. So it became a really significant strategic choice about which road you took when you came to the fork. So I think we have a much more settled and stable strategic outlook today, which I know that both of us -- Bob is impatient, and I think that, that’s a good and a bad quality for a CEO. But certainly, he’s urgent and has been a huge contributor, of course, to getting us to this point and laying out the direction that we’re headed. So it’s not like these are new ideas for Bob. He’s been working on this for a long time like I have. I think the one thing that I’m grateful for looking back is that the things that we decided to do, we had a very supportive Board, we had willing and eager employees to embrace the change, and we were able to fulfill the visions that we had. And that’s pretty rare. A lot of things you try, they don’t work. Or for whatever reason, they get derailed. And for us, we were pretty much able to do just about everything we wanted to do. There’s a couple of things that we engage that we set aside. Code sharing is an example that eventually we’ll come back to. But you look at the things that were accomplished, and it’s a pretty mighty list there. So he’ll -- he’s got just as ambitious list going forward. Mike, he’s detailed with a few words, but there’s a lot of depth to what Mike’s strategy is for ops, and it’s just critical to our future. So hats off to the technology and the business leaders who have gotten us to this point. We’re at far better place today than we were then. And I think we’re -- as I said, I think we’re extremely well positioned certainly for the next 5 years and beyond. I’m very excited, and I’m very enthused. And I know Bob is, too.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And thanks, Jamie, and I appreciate the question there. So yes, we are not currently accruing for open labor contract today. So, we are not accruing for that, so there is nothing in our first quarter guidance. Longer term, though, we have incorporated our best estimate of annual labor rate increases into all of our targets. So, here -- and then here, just to be clear, for 2022, we know we have some inflation here. So, we’re doing our very best to incorporate what we think we’re going to incur here in 2022. So, hopefully, that clears that up for you.
Tammy Romo: Yes. I’ll jump in, and Andrew and others may want to chime in. But no, we -- it really was more about adjusting, being a little more cautious with regard to our operations. Obviously, Omicron had a significant impact on us here in the first quarter, so just we felt that it was prudent to take some capacity out. And as we have stabilized the operation and as you’ve heard us comment here, we’re doing a great job in that respect with really an outstanding performance here over the last couple of days.
Tammy Romo: Helane, I’ll jump in on that. Obviously, we don’t comment on pricing. So, we -- as always, we’re going to work hard to achieve our financial objectives, but we’ll decline to comment specifically on pricing.
Tammy Romo: Sure. I’ll give some color here, and then we may have some other chime in here. But yes, we -- I guess, we haven’t given up here on adding additional capacity in the second quarter. Again, we’re just going to have to see how things go here on the staffing front. And obviously, as we’ve already said, our priority is on the operations. But, wherever we end up with regard to our capacity for the full year, at least at this point in time, we intend to exercise all of our remaining options. And the reason for that is really straightforward, Mike, we have a really strong NPV on those aircraft either way. Obviously, we hope that we’re putting those into growing the network, either in 2022 or 2023. But we have a lot of flexibility here, and the fact is we just don’t have to decide right now. So, if we do not have a need for those in the network, we would just simply retire and accelerate the retirements of our -700. So, we’re in the -- we’ve got a good fortune here of having tremendous flexibility, which was by design when we work through our order book with Boeing.
Tammy Romo: One thing, but no doubt, everything that you mentioned, Kyle, I’m sure we were incurring to. It’s just been an incredibly challenging time for everyone. So all the additional demands that households have now, I’m sure impacted that, which is be it caring for a sick spouse or child or a school closure or just dealing with everyday live. So I think that would be on top of the numbers that we shared with you.
Andrew Watterson: The only thing I’d add to what Tammy said is it was designed to make it more offerable and get cushion to the operation, so that’s both how much we’re flying but also where we’re flying, given the -- some of our ground-based staffing shortages. So, the combination of those two were the crux of it. Obviously, we look at demand when we’re making those adjustments, but the motivation here was operational reliability.
Andrew Watterson: Helane, it’s Andrew. Yes, as part of our relationship with Chase, we do receive that on a regular basis, and we review it on a regular basis. And indeed, as you probably would have seen through macroeconomic indicators, charges during the pandemic skewed towards goods and less towards services. And then, the services would also mirror the pandemic, and we could see when restaurants were more active with our card members or flights activity as well. And so, that is something that I think tracks very well with what you see in the macroeconomics. When you have it sort of in a high-frequency basis like this, when we see it a bit earlier, that does help us with understanding the pace and duration of these waves. So, it’s been very useful for us, and we expect a skew towards services going forward, which obviously would be beneficial to our industry.
Andrew Watterson: I think it would accelerate. Given the composition of people spend, services are underweight now versus what they were in 2019. And given the customers have very good balance sheets themselves, the stimulus program has put a lot of cash in people’s pockets, and so they have some pent-up demand of potential expenditures above and beyond. They’re kind of normal salary-based or compensation-based spending. And so, we expect that composition to revert back more to normal as we would get past the pandemic, whatever that might be, as Gary pointed out. So therefore, services spending on our card and economies as a whole should increase as the health crisis abates.
Andrew Watterson: Sure. This is Andrew. I’ll start off by saying we see that managed business travel like our overall travel fluctuate with COVID wave. So there will be a period of time early in the wave where cancellations surge and then bookings slow down. And then the next part of that is as cases and hospitalization start to come down the backside, we see those cancellations attenuate and bookings pick up. So we’re on the backside of that -- the bookings right now for managed business. And so we can see then that if we go back on its trend that we saw throughout 2021, where buff is ups and downs, you were on a solid trend from January through December. Now with regards to our initiatives, we can see that we are having a shift of travel from our previous channels to the GDS, but we also can see those incremental on top of that. Now because COVID has created such a disruption in travel patterns, we don’t want to extrapolate and give final numbers on that, but we already see that we are achieving our business case. And it is causing some channel shift, but that was all part of our plan to be able to offer our corporate customers the choice of the channel from which they want to buy with Southwest Airlines.
Andrew Watterson: Well, I can certainly read about their unfortunate situation. However, the COVID wave is such a predominant force in bookings right now, it’s really hard to tease out a lot of other trends within that. And so right now, as Bob and Tammy mentioned, we’re managing our network for our customers and our employees, and so that’s really what we’re aiming at. And so we don’t really kind of look outside of our lane, so to speak, to what’s going with others to be opportunistic because right now. We’re just trying to keep ourselves good stable operation and achieve our financial goals.
Andrew Watterson: Certainly, I’ll try to give you some color. You can also look in the ARC data because we went in the GDS, but also settled into ARC, so you can track for yourself what we’re selling in ARC as well. But if you look at our accounts, even going before going into the GDS, especially going to Sabre, we had built up our corporate sales force, and in anticipation of this and our overall effort had increased the number of our accounts like we shared at Investor Day. Now these accounts, they buy through multiple channels already. Some may be 100% 1 channel. But today, you take our largest corporate clients, and they will buy through SWABIZ, they will buy through our Direct Connect and now they’ll buy through GDS as well. It depends on the travel purpose as well as the subsidiary or a population group within that company of how they buy it. So what we’re doing is we’re letting them move in between. And we do see some like the government moving pretty strongly towards some GDS transactions. We see professional services not really abandoning some of the first 2, the Direct Connect and the SWABIZ and adding on GDS on top of it. So it really depends on the travel purpose and on the corporation as to which channel they prefer, which is the thesis of our strategy of let the customer choose and get out of the way and stop having friction. And so as I mentioned earlier, the COVID waves really scramble a lot of trends, so you can’t be as precise as you would be in normal times. But at the highest level, we do see incremental volume we’re getting, and we’re hearing from corporate that they are giving us incremental volume when we speak of it because of these channels.
Andrew Watterson: And just to double down, we will not take anything away from one to get away. So there’ll be one to get away of something above it, but we will not take anything away want to get away. And for the flight counts, the March flight counts have already been prosecuted, and so those who have already been handled. The April through May have not yet been published, so that’s what we’re -- we mentioned in the press release and in our conversation that we’re in the process of doing that. So we don’t have a flight count yet to give you on that. Those we expect to have prosecuted in a couple of weeks’ time, so it will be well in advance of travel and be less disruptive.
Andrew Watterson: Yes, bookings that are in COVID generally skew closer in. And so what we have -- that far of the book is modest. So it will be some customers are impacted, but it will be a modest number of customer doing well in advance.
Andrew Watterson: What we’ve done over the pandemic, if you look at our website, you’ll see more modest step-ups between want to get away at any time and Business Select. And we think that has had a laudatory effect on our revenues, and customers are giving us good feedback. And so we like more modest step-up compared to what was perhaps there a number of years ago. So having a fourth one that comes in there, we would desire to have the end 4 products with modest step-ups in between with features that customers are willing to pay that modest step-up for. So it’s designed to be pro-consumer and get someone who can -- will only give us additional money for additional features. 
Bob Jordan: There’s some easy things here. We’re not going to charge for bags. We’re not going to have change fees. I mean, we’re going to state we’re going to always be transparent. We’re going to be open and honest with our consumers. Now, things change over the years for sure. In my 34 years here at Southwest. We’ve changed our boarding. We’ve changed some of our product. We’ve added WiFi. We’ve added Rapid Rewards program. So, things always change, but we’re always going to lean to our customers. So yes, I think the number one thing that comes to mind, obviously, is no bag fees, no change fees. The other thing is not going to change, we’re going to treat our employees right; we’re going to treat our customers right; and we’re going to stand for service; and we’re going to stand for serving others before ourselves.
Bob Jordan: And I might just point you to -- back to the fourth quarter, which is we had -- I think we had a really strong performance, revenue, pricing, fare, yield. So we -- I think on sort of my memory is that it was 92% or so of capacity restored. We had 88% of revenues restored, which is leading in the industry. And yields and fares were just slightly below 2019. So not speaking to your direct question, but just if you look at the fourth quarter, we had a very strong revenue performance.
Bob Jordan: And Mike, I would just add, too, that this is all forecast. If you look at look at Omicron and how quickly we have adjusted, I think my memory is our network planning team is doing 2 or 3 times the number of changes that they would typically. And so, while we’ve got a great plan for ‘22, it all comes down to hiring. And I’m pleased that we’re on our hiring plans for the fall, and we’re on our hiring plan so far for January. But, in the case that we were able to beat those, we’ve got up -- you’d have some upside, but we’ll just continue to adjust. I think, if you look at our fleet today, again, because we are flying and therefore our ASMs are constrained based on our staffing, you probably have 5% to 6% of the fleet that is effectively unflown. In other words, we could be generating 5% to 6% more ASMs with the current fleet but for the staffing. So, we’ll work really hard to make progress there, and so I wouldn’t call that -- we’ve got a great plan, but I wouldn’t call it a year done yet in terms of capacity.
Bob Jordan: No. A reporter would never put words in your mouth, right? No, it was just an illustration. I was sort of going through the kinds of things that, over time, I think you have a duty to look at, just like we have a duty to -- mike talked about our operational tools. We have a duty to look at our customer experience and how to enhance that. And at some point, I think just like we did years and years ago, we will probably want to resurrect the work that we did there and just understand what our customers prefer, what our business customers prefer, what that does to the efficiency of the operation. So there was no prediction at all. It was just an example of the types of things that you do have to take a look at over time.
Bob Jordan: Well, and Sheila, you add back just sort of what’s the constraint. At the beginning of the pandemic, it was all about managing down your capacity because of demand. Demand fell 97% and then stayed down 70% for a long time, so it was all about managing to lower demand. Well, that’s not where we are today, again. Sort of back to the fourth quarter, we had stronger -- obviously, strong revenue, strong yields, strong fares, strong demand overall. And that’s when business demand down 50%. So very strong leisure. In my mind, leisure has returned to 2019. Obviously, that was interrupted by Omicron, but I’m confident that the leisure demand is restored. And we just need to get the staffing levels to the point where we can operate our aircraft, operate them reliably, produce the kind of operational performance that our customers need and want and deserve, and it’s just going to take staffing to do that. And obviously, that staffing in a strong labor market, which is why you saw us raise our starting wages. But no, to me, the moderation is all about staffing, not because of any concern over demand. And so then again, you layer on to the fourth quarter, the 50% recovery in business continues to recover in 2022, and we’re hopeful that it recovers by the end of the year to, say, down 10 to 20. I think we’ll have plenty of demand. It’s all about getting the hiring to restore the capacity.
Bob Jordan: And Kyle, the good thing, too, is the -- different than Delta, the cases came on really quickly. So the rise was alarming. But on the other side, the fall in the cases was similar. So the wave was very narrow, which was painful on the front end, helpful on the back end because we got people back a lot faster than Delta.
Bob Jordan: Yes, one thing embedded in your question maybe, and then just the numbers on the totals, I think maybe you were implying so what -- is it an add and what’s happening to attrition? Our attrition is up -- during COVID, our attrition is up modestly, but it’s not up alarmingly, which is a good thing. But sort of back to the numbers, I think we’re ending -- we ended ‘21 at roughly 55,000 active employees. You add the 8,000 plus, and so the plan would be to end 2022 at about 63,000, 64,000 active. .
Bob Jordan: Yes, Alison, I think in the current tough environment, you use every lever that you have. And so obviously, you’ve seen us move our starting wage rates along from sort of where they were to 15 to 17. And some airports, there were even 20 at this point. We’ve got a team that’s worked very hard on the processes. So how can you take steps out of the process? So if it took -- I’m just making this up. But if it took 30 days to get from interview to hire, can we get that to 10 or 8? Because the longer that process is, the more you run the risk that, that person takes a job somewhere else. We’re doing instant offers in some cases, as you mentioned. We’re using different techniques to get people "into the funnel of hiring". So a lot of social media, a lot of mining for information. So I would just tell you, we’re using every lever out there because, I mean, Southwest is a wonderful company. We are -- we get our share of resumes and interest, but it’s just tougher than normal one. So we’re turning over every rock in terms of what we can do to hire employees. And a lot of that is, yes, it’s about pay and it’s about pace.
Bob Jordan: Well, let me take the -- just take the hiring. And again, sometimes you have to separate gross hiring and net because we always have attrition. But the 8,000 -- as you think about our growth going forward, the 8,000 per year that we’re talking about here for ‘22, I can see that persisting. We’ve got a lot of air into the future, in future years. We’ve got a lot of aircraft coming this year, we’ve got 114 in our plan. We’ve got a lot of work to do to restore our network back to what it was in 2019. I think, Andrew, we’re roughly 75% restored at this point by memory. There’s a lot of work to do to add back depth after we opened the 18 cities. Beyond that, we have -- I mentioned this in my remarks, we’ve got a lot of growth opportunities. We’re picking up substantial gates in Denver and Phoenix and Baltimore and Nashville and others. And so all of that will take aircraft, and all of that will take employees. So is it exactly 25,000 over 3 years? I can’t tell you that, but it -- you sort of take the 8,000 in 2022 and extrapolate that, and it’s a significant number.
