Gary C. Kelly: Thank you Marcy and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2014 earnings call. I know it’s a busy day for you all and glad you all can join us. I’m very pleased with our financial results. I’m very proud of our people, especially. Third quarter is a very busy season. Our people work hard every single day to sever our customers with safe, reliable, friendly, and low-cost air travel and sometimes under very challenging circumstances. So these results really were a testament to their very hard work. The transformative changes with a new rapid rewards program, the acquisition and integration of AirTran, the addition of the 737-800 model, and our fleet modernization program have also been very hard work. And again, my profound things to our people for working through those changes so magnificently and the stellar results, of course, are very obvious. One historic milestone achieved in third quarter was the launch of international service on July 1st. We talked about that in the second quarter earnings call in late July. And I’ll just say again it was flawless. I’m very proud of our people again for their hard work in what is a very exciting achievement. The customer and operational aspects of our international launch have been stellar. From a business or commercial perspective, our international results are in line with our expectations. I will admit to you all they are a drag on our results. Right now, we’ve got some work to do. And accordingly, our international footprint is quite modest. It’s about 1% of our capacity. And also just, we’d remind everyone that our growth plans in 2015 for international are modest as well. So we plan to manage our near-term – our near international expansion very carefully and very closely, but again that said, we’re pleased with current status. We plan to open Costa Rica in March, as well as a handful of other destinations next year all with low frequency. Another historic third quarter event was the unveiling of our new Heart livery along with our new Heart branding and logo, the same Heart, but a new look. It’s a tribute to our employees, who are the best in the business. It signifies that as of 2014 Southwest has exciting new capabilities and exciting new opportunities and unlike the Southwest before. In typical Southwest fashion, we’ll rollout the refresh livery and branding in a cost neutral manner during the normal maintenance cycle or out of our discretionary marketing budget. Since the end of the quarter, the long anticipated repeal of the Wright Amendment happened, the long anticipated Southwest effect happened too. And on October 13, we added seven new non-stop destinations, 22 more daily departures to Dallas Love Field that was the largest single day expansion in our history. And load factors so far have been in excess of 90% on these 22 new flights. So I’m going to talk to Bob Jordan about the few empty seats that he has later. Eight more destinations are coming November 2nd, and I expect that they will do equally well. Also in November, we will finish adding flights using the DCA slots that we bought from American Airlines. We began adding service to DCA with the new slots back in August, where we went from 17 daily departures with seven non-stop destinations up to, in November we’ll be 44 daily departures and double the destinations, or 14. And I’d just remind everybody that’s not a net capacity increase to the industry; it is obviously a significant capacity increase for Southwest. And I expect that we’re going to do quite well there as well. So no surprise, those two city initiatives will drive our year-over-year capacity growth in fourth quarter and in 2015, our international growth will be very modest especially considering that Houston doesn’t open until late next year. And finally before I turn it over to Tammy, I wanted to thank the IAM leadership for the tentative agreement that was announced yesterday and especially I want to congratulate our customer service and consumer support and services employees, who represented by the IAM. I’m delighted for them. I’m very pleased that we can reward our people even more for their hard work and also that they can share in the success now of a record year along with our non-contract frontline and supervisory employees. So, of course, the TA is subject to ratification by the IAM membership and I hope that there will be more TAs that will follow quickly. With that very brief overview, I would like to turn it over to Tammy Romo, who will take us through the financial results of the third quarter.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, it’s meaningful. That’s more than what we get from our upgraded boarding product on a quarterly basis as a reference point.
Gary C. Kelly: So that’s more than we’d like, but it is directly tied to the AirTran acquisition and integration. In other words, absent that we wouldn’t have anywhere near that number of new markets, as a component of our system. So I don’t know that I can really piece it apart. Bob, do you have a different way of thinking about that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Bob and I were talking earlier this morning our initial launch out of Houston. If you just look at – think about fourth quarter 2015, the capacity increased compared to fourth quarter 2014, assuming that Houston international is open all quarter will be very modest. So we’ll have just a handful of flights. It will not generate a significant amount of growth coming out of Houston international. It sounds like 1% or less. What is known is that the terminal will have five gates, and it’s estimated that the capacity of the five gates will be 25 daily departures. So I think it remains to be seen whether that’s the cap or whether we will be able to do more departures than that. And we will have four of those five gates under lease. So that at least gives you some idea what the potential is out of Houston.Savi Syth – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, the darn stocks gone up so much, it dropped the yield…John Godyn – Morgan Stanley & Company: It’s a high-quality problem. Thanks a lot.
Gary C. Kelly: And I would certainly echo 100% of what Tammy said. We’re always interested to hear feedback from you all as to your views. So we’re going to do more work between now and then and we’ve been giving it considerable thought. I know you’ll be glad to hear this. There is no thought that we would lower the target. I think all we’re talking about is now, since we’re in an environment where we are exceeding the minimum threshold, can we give you all some more precise guidance there. And we will be ready for that conversation in November.
Gary C. Kelly: And Michael, while Tammy was talking I was flipping through the press release. And if you look at the cash flow statement you do see that flip.Michael Linenberg – Deutsche Bank AG: Okay.
Gary C. Kelly: On that cash collateral received or paid to derivative counterparties. So yeah, I mean it has its plusses and minuses, but it’s all very manageable.Michael Linenberg – Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, and it’s nothing like the $1 billion-plus, maybe, that we saw back in 2008, 2009, where I think, you have now come up with a structure where you can use a letter of credit or aircraft. It’s de minimis relative to what we saw a few years back.
Gary C. Kelly: Yeah. And it was on $1 billion then, but it was a bigger number, there is no doubt about it. So I think, we’ve learned and…
Gary C. Kelly: We know why you didn’t have an answer to that question because you don’t know. And you know what, neither do I.Helane R. Becker – Cowen & Co. LLC.: That’s certainly fair. Thank you. See you in a few weeks.
Gary C. Kelly: There are no issues. I think it is literally the sequential cost what’s normal to us. The year-over-year comps just have to be studied and understood if there is some question about that, but there is no change in trend in October. October was very strong, very high load factors, very good on-time performance, very solid yields.Duane Pfennigwerth – Evercore Partners Inc.: Appreciate that. And then just I wonder if you could quantify the number of idle aircraft, maybe non-productive aircraft that are also not spares in the fleet in 2014 versus your expectations for 2015. It seems like you’ll start to get some benefits from a more productive fleet next year.
Gary C. Kelly: The utilization is up in 2014 compared to 2013 at the same time that we were putting arguably more aircraft out-of-service to go through various transitions. And that schedule just proved to be a little too tight. So the on-time performance suffered. So there is a couple of things going on even in 2013, 2014 that are confusing and I think we’ll have an opportunity, Duane, in November to give you all better insights as to where we’ve been, where we are, and where we’re headed in 2015. The number that I have off the top of my head is about 20 airplanes, additional, out-of-service on average. So if you’ll just take that number with a grain of salt because it’s – I think that is a good representation of what the opportunity is in 2015, but we probably have a little bit more homework to do. I don’t recall any off the top of my head is the average for 2015 is 20 more in service than what we have here in 2014, but looking backwards, Duane, the number of in-service fell about 20 as you went from 2012, 2013 into 2014. And so that’s the opportunity going forward to restore into service with no change in the total fleet. That answers to your question?Duane Pfennigwerth – Evercore Partners Inc.:  It does. Thanks very much. See you soon.
Gary C. Kelly: I think that somewhat relates to Duane’s earlier question. So in terms of the aircraft available for service, the productivity for the fleet this year looks pretty good except that the on-time performance suffered. The AirTran segment is under scheduled. I think we have been sharing that with you all frequently. In the Southwest segment arguably, at least for part of this year, it was quote overscheduled. So I think we definitely have opportunities to smooth all that out after the AirTran and integration that’s complete. And then you’ve got on the order of 20 aircraft out of service coming back into service, which will also be another productivity improvement, beginning in 2015 and again, we need to share that with you all in more detail in November.Glenn Engel – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And actually…
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, remember we’re retiring 88 717s in a – what 30-month period. So that’s all you’re seeing there.
Gary C. Kelly: So I’ll just give you an answer before an explanation. I don’t think that there is any correlation. I think most reasonable people understands the fairness of a no-show policy. But if I am not going to show up, I can at least give the airline that the notice that they have the seat back for resell. I got to keep my money and use it again. I think that that is eminently fair. Most of the complaints I get from customers above that is they didn’t know. They didn’t realize that that policy was in effect. And they don’t like it. so I will – I am not going to try to argue with you that the customers don’t care about it, because they don’t like the no-show policy, those that stumble into it. But our customers, for the most part now have adapted well to that. And it’s very fair. Change fee is very different we and don’t have any plans to make a change to our policy. I would lump that in at least it would have answered, you know, about bag fees. So no plans to make any changes to either one of us.Joseph W. DeNardi – Stifel, Nicolaus &Co.: Okay. And then, Tammy, I think last quarter you talked about first quarter capacity up about 5%. I’m wondering if you have a similar outlook for second quarter now.
Gary C. Kelly: And, again, I would just recap the overview right now for you all for 2015 is really nothing has changed. The fleet plans are unchanged. We’ll be roughly flat, maybe a few more units at the end of 2015. The seats are increasing simply because the gauge is increasing. We may end up with some increase in trips, but it won’t be very much. Where we’re expanding is as important to the conversation is anything which is its Dallas Love Field, and most of that you know, there is a few things that we may do that Love Field next year, but the vast majority you know. And I mentioned to you DCA. And then just again reemphasized with everyone that the most ambitious expansion for us is international and our international plants are very measured and will have only a modest impact on our capacity growth next year. So those are the headlines, those are not new. We’re in the final stages of completing our 2015 plan and anxious to share it with you all in a month.
Gary C. Kelly: None, negative, nada. And Tammy mentioned that in her remarks earlier, so to make sure we’re consistent.Jack Nicas – The Wall Street Journal: Okay.
Gary C. Kelly: And we have experienced with this in the past with other outbreaks and this is so few people have been effected in the United State, but in any of that giving you a straight answer to your question there is absolutely no evidence in any of our research that we’ve seen an impact from it.Jack Nicas – The Wall Street Journal: Okay thanks so much.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, so we haven’t seen that while [Kery] (ph) and so it is obvious if the schedule changes are having a positive effect as within that.Terry Maxim – The Dallas Morning News:  Okay, just a follow-up question I would like to ask about the Wright amendment. You are talking about the very high load factors. Do you have a feeling about how those loads will be once the statement goes into affect or the introductory fares go away, and you’ve got your schedule fully up and we get into more normalized environment.
Gary C. Kelly: I will let Bob answer that. We do run higher load factors on our long-distance flights and Bob as, I think, you know lot about this question. If you look at the load factor, the last load factor I remember for our 800 fleet was almost 90%. So I’m not going to be surprised if we continue to hover around 90% on a long-haul routes. Love is a constrained market as well with only 20 gates. So any thoughts there Bob. 
Gary C. Kelly: But Terry, I would like to pile on here and compliment Bob and his team. We can analyze why it is, what it is, but we don’t launch new routes and have this kind of performance. And they’ve done a wonderful job of managing the overall capacity of Dallas, so that you don’t benefit one route and hurt others. They’ve just done a masterful job. So some of the earlier questions that we had about our revenue trends whether Dallas is, and actually Dallas is performing exceptionally well. And I think that that is a large part due to the terrific design by our network planning folks.
Gary C. Kelly: No. No, Andrea, the on-time performance this month is after Chicago was back up and running, which just happened to be the same day that the Wright amendment launched, our on-time performance on a daily basis has been really, really good.Andrea Ahles – The Fort Worth Star-Telegram: All right. Thank you.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, and you’ve seen that and it doesn’t work. I’m sure you heard my complaint earlier about the increase in the TSA tax. That Bob Jordan and our revenue management folks are concerned about trying to pass that along. We would always see an impact from increasing fares. So whether it is ultimately revenue positive is a question of the strength of the demand at the time and many times it’s not very productive. So, I mean, if you go back to 2008, there was a very sharp spike in energy prices, all carriers tried to raise fares, five went bankrupt that aren’t here anymore. So no, the answer is absolutely not. You can’t count on that. So that’s a different way what I would not want to do to customers is take them through the same volatile ride with fares, lowered in one day, raised in the next day, I think that that would be absolutely the worst thing that we could do when we have absolutely no plan to do that.David Koenig – The Associated Press: Okay. Thanks.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, let me let Tammy to answer that. The short answer is no we’re not. We don’t lock-in prices but let me let Tammy at least explain a little bit about our hedging.
Gary C. Kelly: And with those positions we don’t actually lock the price. We buy options that would cap the price. So more prices it does provide an opportunity for us buy more and obviously Tammy and her team will work and think about that.
Gary C. Kelly: I guess the short answer, that is no. We’ve given guidance here on October but the trends at least so far look good.
Gary C. Kelly: Thank you and I appreciate the opportunity to clarify a little bit. The conversion from AirTran of Southwest adds more flights in the former AirTran markets, and number one. Number two, it also adds, we’re also not fully connected to all of the Southwest Airlines route network, because we were facing in those flights to all of our locations gradually. So, for example, while we might have a nonstop flight from Baltimore to the Caribbean, if a customer was originating in Rochester, New York, they might not be able to get an international itinerary yet, whereas in the future they will. So we are facing in our international operations gradually and right now the financial performance isn’t what one would expect once those markets are mature. There is nothing unusual about this. There is nothing unexpected. It’s a brand new venture for us. It really has nothing in other words to do with macro issues or whether there is too much supply or too little supply. Those routes were performing very well on AirTran and I expect by this time next year, they will be performing very well on Southwest Airlines. With respect to your broader question – so that’s what’s going on within Southwest in other words. So that is simply a transition effort that we’ve got to work through and we’re working through it very well and I have every confidence that we’ll be where we need to be this time next year. Now with respect to whether there is too much capacity or concerns about us adding more flights, not on the routes that we’ve selected. So I mentioned that we’ll be serving Costa Rica. We’ve announced service between Baltimore/Washington and San Jose, Costa Rica beginning March 7 that as one flight a day each way. We are very confident that that flight will perform very, very well. So we don’t have a large amount of Southwest capacity in international. We don’t plan to have a lot more next year. So, none of these are concerns that we would share at Southwest.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we haven’t said yet, but clearly we do plan to launch service when the terminal is ready in Houston and so we’ll just need to stay tuned on that. But the handful really means probably three or four more new cities for Southwest Airlines service next year. So we’re excited about that. It won’t attract a lot of flights. It won’t be a lot of incremental capacity with obviously you’ll be – what we hope will be some exciting new destinations, so stay tuned.
Tammy Romo: The only thing I would add, Gary, is that we could see a nice benefit here just on the no show here in the third quarter, it was about close to $25 million here in the third quarter, but it is meaningful.
Tammy Romo: As you already said, we really have led the industry in shareholder returns, and certainly this year. We’re very proud of what we have deployed back to our shareholders. In terms of how we intend to deploy our capital going forward, we’ll certainly touch on our 2015 plan when we meet with you all in a couple of weeks. But certainly as the free cash flow levels that we have been enjoying, and our very, I think, manageable CapEx are requirements. Certainly our goal would be to continue to reward our shareholders through continued deployment of cash back to our shareholders.
Tammy Romo: Leverage no, not particularly. We’re comfortable with where our leverage sits today. We just actually on October 1st, we repaid $350 million in debt and certainly we’re likely refinanced at least a portion of that at some point in the future. And just one other note, back to just Gary’s comment on the dividend – because we do get questions on that, I just remind you that we have had very substantial increases in our dividends at our last two annual shareholder meetings. And at the time we increased those dividends, the yield was 1% to 1.2%, so just wanted to remind you of that.
Tammy Romo: Yes, we’ll dive into that. We are working on our plan for next year as we speak and we’re looking forward to diving into that topic more when we meet here in a few weeks. But, again, our target is at least 15% and we’ll talk to you more about next year’s plans when we meet.
Tammy Romo: And also just want to point out, too, obviously what we’re focused on when we’re setting our targets is our cost to capital clearly, and our cost to capital has averaged between 7% to 8% for a long of period. So certainly with a 19% return on invested capital, we are well exceeding our cost to capital and I’m very pleased with that performance.Julie Yates – Credit Suisse, LLC:  Yes. Okay. And then a clarification on the commentary. Tammy Romo, you said choppy revenue trends in the fourth quarter and I imagine you just mean because of the comps and the shift in the timing of Thanksgiving. But I just wanted to clarify if there’s any other dynamics that we should be thinking about for the fourth quarter. 
Tammy Romo: That’s primarily what I was referring to. Just as a reminder our trends for last year, if you go back to fourth quarter 2013, October was up compared to 2012 by roughly 2%. November was down about 5% and December was up 16% on a year-over-year basis. And, of course that was in part due to the timing of the holiday. So it’s, to your point, very choppy. But if you look at what we’re also focused on is our sequential trend and at least sequentially we’re not really seeing anything on in our trends. So at this point our outlook for the fourth quarter is good.
Tammy Romo: Sure. The market value of our fuel hedge portfolio at September 30 was a net asset of $53 million. So we did not have any collateral posted at that time. And as of Friday, the market value of our hedge portfolio was a net liability of $236 million, and we had approximately $100 million in cash collateral posted.Michael Linenberg – Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that’s good then. And so it sounds,
Tammy Romo: We’re in good. I think we’re in good shape there.Michael Linenberg – Deutsche Bank AG: Yeah, I apologize for the hyperbole. And just one other quick one here. I know you’ve talked about the international service from Houston in the latter part of the year 2015. I did, it does look like you loaded a Houston-Aruba service starting this March. And when I saw that I thought, okay, the terminal is ready. Is that just taking advantage of a pre-clearance facility in Aruba? What’s…
Tammy Romo: Hi, Helane.Helane R. Becker – Cowen & Co. LLC.: Hi. So here is one of my questions. With respect to your schedule adjustment that you did in August in an effort to improve on time performance because I guess when you were doing 10-minute turns your aircraft were a whole lot smaller so you were carrying fewer people relative to what you are doing now. Can you talk about how that’s improved your overall operations and where you stand relative to your goals for improving on time? Thanks.
Tammy Romo: Well, again I’m pleased with the leadership that the IM has exhibited here and I think Tammy has already shared that the anticipated effects of that tentative agreement are already baked into our expectations going forward. So we got opportunities to do more for people and we’ve got opportunities to improve the efficiency of the company which benefits our people. So I’m very confident we are making good progress. I don’t, Jamie, I don’t know we’ve learned anything different or more in the last 90 days with respect to that point. But we have made progress from a negotiating standpoint with several of our new, new groups. I’m very pleased with that.Jamie N. Baker – JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Excellent, solid quarter, solid guide. Thank you both.
Tammy Romo: As I mentioned earlier part of the sequentially is we are doing more flying as a result of our Wright Amendment flying. Yes, we did have introductory fares, but we’re seeing great high sales, but we’re seeing very high load factors. So, yes, nothing notable.
Tammy Romo: We’ll give you – again we’ll discuss our 2015 guidance here in a couple of weeks, but at least so far, Glenn, we’re participating in 80% of the decline that we’ve seen. So and of course we’ll enjoying lower physical prices. So we’ll give you guidance here in a couple weeks as we discuss our plan in full. But at least so far everything looks pretty good. Our treasury team is doing I think a very nice job of managing our hedge book in this very volatile market. Again, we had a $0.05 gain here in the third quarter and we’re paying roughly market prices here in the fourth quarter. And so far we’re participating in the majority of the market decline.
Tammy Romo: Glenn, we’ve been commenting all along that we’re managing to a flat fleet of $695. So all of that was part of the plan. So no, no new news there.
Tammy Romo: Yes, we don’t have all of that, of course, perfectly time. But there were no new information there. We’ve been saying all along that we’re going to augment our firm deliveries from Boeing with aircraft from the pre-owned market.Glenn Engel – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Tammy Romo: We are going to share all of that with you here in a couple of weeks. So, stay tuned on that. We’ll walk through our capacity plans in some detail. But really what we said you know for our 2015 is that we’re expecting our seat to increase about 3% and of course I assume year-over-year would exceed that because of the nature of that flying. It will be more longer haul and to the point Gary made earlier on utilization just to increase the utilization of the fleet.
Tammy Romo: Just to emphasize where the capacity is going is what’s important here for the first quarter virtually most of that capacity is going into Dallas Love Field.
Tammy Romo: Yes on just for 2015, we’re currently about 40% hedge for 2014. And that’s really been online with where we’ve been for 2015 for quite some time. So we’ve got positions out through 2018, they were 40% hedged. And on 2015, 2016, 2017 and then we have about a 5% position out in 2018.
Robert E. Jordan: With a number of workgroups and all of them are important. I think the themes are consistent across which is Southwest has a very rich history, very meaningful purpose and we want to sustain that for the next generation. And that is we want to offer our customers great service at a low cost. And that’s what I want to work together with our union leaders to make sure that we sustain going forward. As you well know we have more low cost competition today than ever before in our history and we can’t claim the lowest cost although we are really close, we still can’t that. And I think that’s something that we need to continue to strive for. So that’s number one, that is an important objective, because taking care of Southwest Airline and sustaining our brand really is taking care of our people. So to further taking care of our people we have some wonderful opportunities where we can reward them further just like I described with the tentative agreement we have with the IAM. That’s what we want to achieve with these one of our work groups, do more for our people and find ways to strengthen Southwest Airlines by eliminating waste, improving our productivity, improving our efficiencies. And the nice thing is there are opportunities in every single work group to do to.
Robert E. Jordan: No. The other thing that I think is important to point out is we are counting everything new is new. So, if you look at Love Field, even though we served these long-haul destinations through connections, now that we have new non-stops, those are counted as new markets. And when you think about that 15% grown to 20% as well.Savi Syth – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Robert E. Jordan: And it takes a year or two for those to develop, even though we do expect a market like Dallas to mature much faster. So I would say where we are with the AirTran is probably split pretty even, the AirTran markets that are being converted and in these new markets like DCA and Dallas.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, Terry, that’s exactly right. Our longer haul flying tends to be in that 90% or sometimes 90% plus range. So you’re going to have that added to Dallas just because of the flight mix is changing. We’re making sure that we’ve got really good fares, we’re making sure that we’ve got plenty of local seats available too. So we want to manage our connections of Dallas, because Love Field is constrained. So we want plenty of room for our local Dallas customers and our new Dallas customers. So to Gary’s point I wouldn’t be surprised if we, because of the longer haul flying, because of the constrains on the airport, because of demand that we continue to see high load factors in Dallas, higher than the system.
