Julia Landrum: Thank you so much. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings call. I am joined today by our President and CEO, Bob Jordan; Chief Operating Officer; Andrew Watterson; and Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo. Bob will get us started with an overview of the company's performance and strategy and will also provide color on the strategic initiatives announced this morning. Andrew will provide an update on the revenue and Tammy will cover our costs and balance sheet. Ryan Green, EVP of Commercial Transformation is also in the room with us today, as well as other executives to support Q&A. A quick reminder that we will make forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations of future performance, and actual results could differ materially from expectations. Also we will reference our non-GAAP results, which exclude special items that are called out and reconciled to GAAP results on our earnings press release. Our press release with second quarter 2024 results and a separate release announcing select strategic initiatives were both issued this morning and are available on our Investor Relations website. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to you, Bob.
Julia Landrum: Thank you, Tammy. This completes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for analysts' questions. We would like to get as many of you as possible, so we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up, if necessary. We will now take the first question.
Julia Landrum: Thank you. That wraps up the analyst portion of today's call. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day.
Andrew Watterson: Thank you, Bob. I'm very excited about the strategic initiatives we have coming. I am also very proud of our people for their continued focus on safety, running a quality operation with the lowest year-to-date cancellation rate in the industry, and our strong customer service performance trends. Moving to revenue performance. We have experienced challenges in managing demand across booking curves as we deployed efforts to address load factor underperformance. As a result, we experienced yields and ultimately, revenue dilution from selling too many seats too early in the booking curve. As you will likely recall, back in the spring of 2023, we transitioned to a new and modernized revenue management system. The system is fundamentally different from and superior to our prior system. The new system manages revenue on an origin of destination basis compared with our prior leg-based system. The decision to implement this new system followed an extensive review of our options, including a comprehensive 18-month long pilot to evaluate and test two new revenue management systems against our prior system. What we directly observed during the testing period was the system we selected, consistently produced superior results. The goal is to maximize the revenue performance of our flights, especially best flights. And the new system accomplishes just that by considering what customers are willing to pay at different phases of the booking curve, including taking note of the differentiation between business and leisure customers. However, adapting to a new system is not straightforward. Add to that, changing schedules from Boeing delivery shifts and what we got was a complicated rollout. Regardless, while we estimate about 2 points of year-over-year headwind to the third quarter from bookings already in place, we were taking decisive actions to recalibrate the system. The estimated impact is already built in to our 3Q RASM outlook of flat to down 2% on a year-over-year basis. The outside experts, that Bob mentioned, are supporting our employees and getting the most as the capabilities of this new system. The good news is that we have confidence in the superiority of new system as evidenced by the month-long AB testing that we conducted. As we gain expertise in optimizing system, we expect to see a noticeable tailwind to performance, likely starting in September of this year. Adopting a new revenue management system is a once-in-a-generation implementation, and we are committed to executing a successful turnaround in our revenue performance. In addition to the improvement we expect to see in our revenue management performance, our plan includes continued network optimization and capacity moderation moving to the back half of the year. Our summer, fall and recently published winter-based schedules all include actions to target supply demand across geographies and calendar periods as well as scheduled quality actions to facilitate demand capture. By the fourth quarter, we expect less capacity oversupply as well improvements in our revenue management. We are planning for our capacity to decline 4% year-over-year in fourth quarter, with seats and trips down roughly 8% and therefore, we expect RASM growth to be positive year-over-year by fourth quarter. We will deliberately and urgently pursue tactical opportunities to improve financial performance, including calibrating our revenue management process, continuing our work to optimize our network. Further, we also have a plan to capitalize on transformational opportunities to generate incremental revenue, some of which Bob shared with you. Before I close, I want to thank our people again for doing such an amazing job driving operational excellence and providing our legendary hospitality, I am so appreciative of their contributions. With that, I'll turn it over to Tammy.
Andrew Watterson: Yeah. I can't recall off the top of my head, Jamie, but it is high. It's not as high as Aruba. Aruba is actually our highest redemption and that goes for kind of our East Coast customers who want a kind of aspirational vacation destination, and that allows under redeem for that. In the West, we have a very business-centric network in the West with leisure options being Vegas and Phoenix in season. So Hawaii is important to our customer franchise in the Western U.S. who are closer geographically to Hawaiian state of Florida for their beach and warm weather destination. So it's important for that customer base who is a repeat purchase customer base. So wrap rewards reflects someone who identifies their brand and wants in the credit cards, we have to have a multipurpose travel network for them and Hawaii is that for our Western US customers. So there -- that's one of the importance there and that why we spend so much time trying to mature doing so many adjustments to it to make sure it can fit profitably into our network as well as give that kind of customer adhesion point of aspirational vacation destination.
Andrew Watterson: I think I would say just in the fair sale, Bob, that can be a red hearing we get often. We distribute directly to consumers, which means you always have to be out there pulling them to your website and promotional activity is the way that you do that. So the frequency of our sales does not hold a special meaning. It's a depth of a sale that would give you indications about any kind of promotional level of discounts we're giving. In that situation, I don't think anything has really changed. If you look at the current sales. So kind of we always expect us to be out there promoting to customers from our website that often has have a number attached to it to get them there. But that's a normal course of business, has been that way through good times and bad over the years.
Andrew Watterson: Hey Mike, it's Andrew. We're not seeing any specific thing in regards to customer segments that are pulling back, so to speak. I think sometimes because we aspire to have low fares, people assume we're going for a lower fluent passenger, which is not the case. And so we want to have low fares and high quality. As I mentioned earlier, we have large parts of our network, which are very high business contribution, which implies a customer that's relatively more affluent. And so we're seeing, I think, business travel actually grow faster than capacity both in Q1 and Q2. So, you do see that part of the economy going well. It's just, I think there's some choppiness with regards to off-peak times and how much leisure spending is going on there. That was a characteristic of COVID where people would more frequently take off trips for leisure reasons, and there's less of that now, and so that does create this kind of period of the year, where then there's more capacity than demand.
Andrew Watterson: Hi, Duane, it's Andrew. I would say there is obviously a lag with the implementation of the initiatives. So between now and then, we absolutely are aiming towards having margin improvement. I would actually put it on the back of three efforts, network changes many of which we've put in, and we will keep putting more in. You saw some big ones in Q1, and there's still some good modest-sized ones throughout the year this year. And then when the capacity is set then on the shorter duration, we're focused on yield improvements. You saw through the discussion about revenue management system, both the raising the negative that you saw in Q2, but also getting more out of the system is a positive on top of limiting the negative. So that's one factor. And then on the other is some -- we have a load gap and folks in that load gap in particular, you see our efforts on our new advertising campaigns, our entry into Google Flights and some of our customer acquisition activities help us to kind of broaden our customer base. It's down a little bit because we find that our road load don't travel as much per person as they did pre-pandemic. And so those efforts in the short to medium term will give a tailwind to load. So those marketing activities, originating activities and network changes, they are all 3 that we intend to work between now and the go-live of the initiatives.
Andrew Watterson: I would say also, Bob, that as far as the cost, there can be breakpoints at certain volume scales in individual airports, but if you give any given flight having one or less bags or 10 or more or less bags, doesn't necessarily change the cost profile to handle that as the number of people and equipment required to load and unload the aircraft is static in that range. So there's not a variable cost as far as the handling part. Of course, the weight is variable with the fuel burn, but that would be the true if it was in the cabin instead of under the valley.
Andrew Watterson: Yes. So Sheila, it's Andrew. The incrementality is quite low on this. Obviously, this fuel incrementality, but the nature of this is the aircraft apart the West, while it's still the operating day for those airports and then it arrives in the East during their operating days. So your staffing both in, so it doesn't require ground operations. We have a situation where we have ample pilots right now. And so does not require us to hire additional pilots to be able to operate the red-eye. So it's a way to kind of get more flying out of the current employee base in the current asset base for next year.
Andrew Watterson: Bob, I don't know that the -- it's not just the words we say safety is the priority, it's in our actions as well. So efforts started actually in April. We noticed some things that caught our eye. We merited further involvement from us. So within the construct of our safety management system, we engaged our flights safety personnel within the company with the representatives from our pilots union, their safety committee as well as the FAA and our certificate management office to set up a joint team to do some joint analysis and investigation of what are root cause drivers and what are actions we can take in the short-term and the medium-term. Some of the short-term actions was about enhanced communication and transparency because aviation safety today is based upon that kind of -- that transparency and collaboration. So that actually led to us communicating proactively to our personnel about what's going on, which then, of course, led to these things getting out in the press and getting more media. So there's a little bit of self-reinforcing there. But we clearly saw issues, and we clearly see things that we need to work on. So we have been, since that time, as we've dug into it, increased our focus and tempo on it. And the FAA now has increased theirs as well. So this is a carrier strictly holder evaluation process. It's something that every airline goes, roughly every five years, but it can be voted off cycle. The FAA – that was one other airline this year. Now they're doing with us, they can either do a kind of broad-based review or kind of audit or focus. They've chosen here as a focused effort for us. And so we expect that to begin here in the coming weeks and finite duration. However, the other work we already started will continue that process should always be ongoing. And so they can we can -- both sides can flex in additional resources from inside companies, inside organizations as well as outside. So this is a multilayer approach to safety, and I think it makes us better, but also it gives the FAA the more visibility to bring back into the rest of the aviation system and vice versa because a lot of the topics we see other airlines see and vice versa. So we're super happy to have this kind of great relationship and joint investigations.
Andrew Watterson: No. I would say that what we're looking at in new product, internal communications is a human factor. So it's not the experience or airmanship necessarily of an individual. It's what's called kind of generically in the industry cockpit resource management. The how you interact between the pilot flying and the pilot monitoring. There's insights to be gained there. And I think that's what we're focused on. We've brought in external health, the FAA has bring external health. And they've told us they've seen some other things elsewhere that would be helpful to us. So this is a more about that dynamic than there's about any specific demographic.
Andrew Watterson: There is a focus on flight operations and pilot training, but there's a couple of items as well that will be finalized as they start up. So it's not everything. It's a handful of items. And with regards to what color eyes, we had two flights in particular in April that had some similarities that caught our eye and let us start this process. So that was one too many, if you will, and that's when we started up ASAP. Really, literally within days of us seeing that, we started the joint exercise with the FAA and our pilots union.
Andrew Watterson: Well, I won't go into too much detail. I mentioned aviation safety is based on transparency and collaboration is part of that's voluntary disclosure. So since individual actors in the aviation safety system to self-disclose things that they saw, that they did in exchange for indemnity from that. And so I'm not at liberty to go into exactly what it is there, but you can see where the programs we've launched, you can see what the FAA has launched and how these things all fit together.
Bob Jordan: Yeah, Brandon. I think a lot of things changed. I mean you have changing demand patterns. We have customer preference that is always changing. It changed to some extent, also coming out of the pandemic. You can always debate when. At end of the day, it's the right thing to do right now, particularly as we over time have flown longer and flights are more full. I think that is a large driver of this. One of the things that's obvious is if you have a longer flight, customers have a preference to know where they are sitting, just like they have a preference to have seat back power. And I was, I'll admit, a bit surprised. We did extensive research here. Tens of thousands of customers of customers surveyed a lot work, conjoint analysis to understand products, what customers prefer what they're willing to pay for. And while I wasn't surprised that the preference ended up coming out for assigned seating, and more premium options in the cabin. I was surprised at the level of the preference, 80% in favor of assigned seating amongst our customers, 86% amongst those that fly other carriers. And then, of course, we reported, it was the number one reason that customers when they defect from Southwest Airlines that they leave us. So it's very clear that there's strong, strong demand. But you can always pick the time and the place. I'm 100% forward focused. In other words, we've done the work to ensure that this is the right change. The change is right to do now where you're not quite ready to share the time lines other than that we plan on selling the new seating in 2025, and we'll share all of that at our Investor Day in September, but it's clearly the right thing to do for our customers, for our employees and for our shareholders.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I think you could always -- hindsight is always a lot more perfect. And so you can always look back and criticize the timing of a decision. I'm just telling you that we're 100% focused on transformational change here at Southwest Airlines, driving forward and driving forward with pace. You heard us today announce not just the assigned seating and the cabin changes. You heard us announce red-eye flying, which is not something we are working on. It's something we have worked on, and it's in the schedules published today. We've been working aggressively on operational systems, which we could talk about. And that work on operational systems allowed us during the tech outage last week to have a, I believe, was a 99.8% completion factor on the day of the tech outage. And we had systems, critical systems to the operation affected. So we are fully focused on transforming the company, driving forward, driving forward at pace and having a plan that addresses comprehensively delivering transformative commercial initiatives, improving our operational efficiency and addressing capital allocation discipline.
Bob Jordan: Yes, absolutely, that would be the intent. We're still working on product design and some of the specifics. We have a lot of line of sight to the layout of the cabin. We have a lot of line of sight right now to the product design. We're working on the boarding. One of the things that we get a lot of credit for today, Jamie, is the calm and order of our boarding. We board in an ordinal manner in order and our customers that we survey, really like that. So there's a lot of focus on maintaining the boarding in form that our customers love, but doing it in a manner that it pairs with assigned seating. And again, more to share at our Investor Day but that would be the goal. And we want to do this whole thing, the Southwest way. And we're known for, obviously, things that make sense, common sense, not adding complexity. So if you look at the cabin, again, we're not ready to share everything, but we'll have a, again, a-third of the seats or so across the fleet in this extended leg room and there will be differentiation. It will be different than the rest of the cabin. But it won't a different seat and a curtain and meals and ovens. And so we'll do this in Southwest way. And the same exact thing applies to boarding.
Bob Jordan: Jamie, it's very important, particularly as you think about the West Coast and the franchise, but I'll let Andrew take a crack at the details here.
Bob Jordan: You've got two – yes, you've got two -- maybe three sides here. You've got to finish up the design of the lopo or the layout, which we're very close to here. And then there's a much long certification process. And then, of course, we have roughly 800 aircraft that need to be modified. We're going to do this in a capital-efficient way. We don't -- we're going to utilize, obviously, the new RECARO coming off the line with new aircraft beginning early next year or existing seats. But an 800 aircraft, it still takes a while to move all the way through the fleet even if it's a relatively rapid modification. Obviously, it's a complex change, so you have technology, process, training, other work to be done. It will be a pacing item as well. But -- and again, we'll be revealing the time lines in more detail in September. So the only tidbit we have out there right now is that our plan is to sell in the new form. So in the assigned seating rolled beginning in 2025. But more to come. And again, the fleet -- the mod is not complex. It just has to be approved. And then again, we have to move through 800 aircraft in the fleet.
Bob Jordan: We're still -- and Ryan can add a lot of detail here. We're still working on specific lopos and layouts. We want to do this in a Southwest way and be true to our values here. So in the same manner that our intent is not to change our customer-friendly policies and take anything away from you. We want to have not just in the extra legroom section, but in the remainder of the cabin, we want to have an attractive pitch. So we're still working through that question. The 700s, they're going to be in the fleet for, I believe, for a while, for a long while here. And so again, we're going to be sharing the detail on the math as well, just the financial benefit but it's clear that a modification to the 7s, you want the extra legroom seats in the 700s as well. Sort of roughly the same. About one-third, desire to get the center or third of the seats across the entire fleet. And then just mechanically for our customers, it would make no sense to you’re just buying a flight. So it make no sense to buy one flight and there are a lot of extra legroom seats and buy another flight and simply because that’s a different aircraft type. There are none or very few. So we want to do this in a way that it makes sense to our customers and that extra legroom section is available on every single flight.
Bob Jordan: Yes, Conor, you bet. And we are still working on 2025, so I wouldn't take anything as an exact number. That was a commitment, obviously, over the next number of years and obviously, commitment until we are able to earn our cost of capital here. So, we've not picked a number necessarily for 2025, but we are going to be managing, obviously, our capital expenditures aggressively. Tied to that, and we haven't talked about the red-eye flying, but we're also announcing that today which I'm really proud of. And our customers want it, but what it also does for us is it produces ASMs without having to buy extra aircraft. I mean, the aircraft are available, obviously, overnight. That and the sophisticated technology and processes going into turn management, but that's allowing us to take time out of the turn. The combination of those two things, the red-eye flying and then the turn compression will allow us to fund nearly all, if not all, capacity, 2025, 2026, 2027 through initiatives and do buying incremental aircraft and spending incremental CapEx.
Bob Jordan: And just to be -- just to break it down, I'm sure you know this -- sort of our normal -- if you look at our midpoint of our Q3 guide, 12, kind of normal would be low 4s. We've got close to five points of abnormal labor pressure with the new contracts. So as Tammy said, as you begin to anniversary that is material. And then between Boeing direct impacts and Boeing overstaffing impacts, you've got about three points. So as that tails off and the overstaffing begins to tail off, and we are mitigating a large number of that. We can talk about that later if you want. So as those extraordinary items come off, it's very helpful, or you anniversary them.
Bob Jordan: Yes. We -- I believe, just to get right your question and check bags, I believe we carry about 2x the industry standard. But then also, you've got bags that come out of the cabin that also has an issue in terms of how you manage the operation. Just to be real clear on bags-like-free as a policy, I mean, we're not looking at this point to change that policy. Our industry-leading set of initiatives of customer-friendly policies. And you know the list is a big part of what attracts people to Southwest Airlines. And after fair and schedule, bags fly free is cited as the number one issue in terms of why customers choose Southwest. So it's not something under consideration right now as we rethink our products related to the seating and the cabin.
Bob Jordan: Well, the thing you have to think about, too, is the bags move around. And so we're working to take -- and we'll share a lot about this at our Investor Day. We are working through technology and processes to take time out of a turn because your free time there and basically free aircraft just fall out because you're able to utilize the aircraft more effectively during the day. And we don't have a large issue today with cabin overhead bags that are then slowing down the operation because the overheads are slowing, they have to be moved down into the check and moved into the haul. So -- or the bin. And so you'll just move the issue around. I mean, I'm sure you've flown on others, and there's a massive last-minute checking of bags from the cabin down into the bin under the aircraft, and that cost you a lot of turn time potentially, which then just burns aircraft time that could be used more effectively. So it's a trade, and we do look at the trade.
Bob Jordan: Yes, Scott, you bet. And again, yes, we're going to share a lot more in September, but just maybe just to put a ballpark figure out there, our ancillary products today around boarding, like early bird upgraded boarding, generate just shy of $1 billion for us. And the opportunity and the assigned seating and extra-legroom world is substantially north of that. So I'm not going to give you a range, but just maybe give you a little directional. And also, hopefully, giving you the stat that roughly a third of the seats in our fleet will be in the extra legroom configuration can give you kind of a ballpark there as well. There's very little CapEx to invest, because we're not buying a whole different configuration, that kind of thing. So it's mostly about adjusting the cabin more than it is buying a lot of stuff to change the cabin. We already have a new seat coming from RECARO that customers really like. We're already working on some of the other components of the cabin anyway. So there's actually very little incremental CapEx related to this change. Then maybe on your last point, we're still defining the products and exactly the detail around what we want to attach extra legroom. But again, just to be clear, we're not looking at first class where you really have a huge differentiation and where you really have a huge differentiation in cost. We really took a revenue per square foot view of a way to solve for this. You have so many fees in the cabin that you can deal with and maximizing that revenue per square foot is how we attack the problem.
Bob Jordan: That's an incremental. So incremental too. In other words, obviously, hurdle -- one, if those products are generating shy of $1 billion whatever we do has to clear that as a hurdle. And so anything that we talk about will be the net change. But again, we're just not ready to share that in detail. But no, we wouldn't be making the change. If number one, it wasn't what our customers wanted. Number two, it wasn't what our employees wanted and number three, it wasn't significantly beneficial financially for our shareholders.
Bob Jordan: And obviously, we're still working with Boeing on settling up against the issues that we've seen here with delayed deliveries and those late deliveries against plan continue into 2025. So again, more to share later on that as well.
Bob Jordan: We have -- we do it thoughtfully and carefully, but we've always been willing to adapt and change here at Southwest at the time that I've been here. And we always kind of hate about the plastic boarding passes, but we've made a lot of change. I will tell you, I do and think our team does view this as a strategic transformation of the company. We are making as we talked about, we've made significant and continuing investments in our operational capabilities. And you see it showing up. I mean, we've taken 16 million pieces of paper a year out of the cockpit. The turn is going completely paperless on iPads. If you fly out of Dallas and Baltimore and other stations, you'll see big ramp information displays up that are managing the turn and much, much more. And the investment in core technology there is allowing us to operate really well. I talked about it earlier, but we had an 8% cancel rate when the hurricane came through Houston and almost no cancels the following day, so the ability to recover. And you saw that when the global tech outage hit last week, and we ran basically a normal day. So those investments in the operation are more than tactical. They're really transformational investments to change the way we operate our resilience and reliability. And the same thing is going on in the commercial space. We are announcing the seating and the cabin changes today, but it's been a purposeful build that goes back two years to begin add power and larger bins and Wi-Fi, and we're reworking the cabin, and you have upgraded in different more modern uniforms coming to our crews. Our digital approach is significantly different. If you just go back maybe even 18 months, today, you can track your bags and you can do things that manage your same-day standby and there's much, much more to come on the digital front. So we do see this as a fundamental transformation of Southwest Airlines to meet our customers' needs to be more efficient and to add capabilities. All that said, we're not going to change the core of what we stand for here, true hospitality, the best employees in the industry, customer policies that make sense, being transparent with our customers. So we're going to we're going to adhere to the things that make Southwest, the Southwest you love, but we’re going to make this an even better Southwest Airlines.
Bob Jordan: And for employees, I mean our employees end up on the aircraft, if there is an issue, family boards late, there aren't seats together, the open seats together, our flight attendants end up having to manage that situation or police that situation. And if you are customers that are in the last boarding group and the flight is full, you get on board, and it's tough to see the open seats. So you have what we call spinners, people going up and down the aisle spinning and looking for the open seat because it's hard to see since the aircraft is full. So, that's obviously stressful and the assigned seating change basically eliminates all of that.
Bob Jordan: Rajesh, I can't speak for Elliott or speculating on what Elliot may or may not do. But so far, they've not shown any willingness to engage in any meaningful conversations with us. Most of that has been public personal attacks on leadership in the Board. So like any shareholder, we love to engage and hear their feedback. And -- but so far, there's been no willingness on their part to do that. So for our part here as a leadership team, we're focused 100% on moving the company forward on the plans that -- some of which we laid out today and on transforming this company ending our desired financial returns.
Bob Jordan: Hey, Dave, we haven't called it the demise of open seating. It's a shift to assigned seating, but anyway. I would say that it didn't factor in terms of the analysis. So we -- this is all about trying to make right decision and making it not in emotion, but in data. So we -- as Ryan can talk about, just extensive surveying of our customers or non-customers to understand their preferences. And then also to understand things like if you have status on Southwest today, you know your A-List preferred, what benefits how do you value benefits and what would be attached to your status in the assigned seating and extra legroom world, for example. So just a ton of effort there and then a ton of effort to understand the operational impacts, if any, because we certainly don't want a assigned seating to turn the aircraft slower, which everything that worked on proved that it will not. So it was really about the change itself we do know for our employees, in particular, managing the boarding process, as you described, can be stressful and it can be for some of our customers. So while that wasn't a direct item that we studied, I think it could be that, that is an indirect benefit that we see.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I think customers' preferences shift over time. And I think it's been clear, I think their preferences shift over time and travel patterns and travel behavior shift over time. Customers are just taking fewer short-haul trips today. They are flying longer. And when they fly longer, the importance of an assigned seat goes up. We've talked a lot about our desire and initiatives to grow market share with corporate business travelers in the managed business space, and they -- their preference is for an assigned versus an open seat. And so I think that that goes into it. And then when you look at premium, premium, just -- you can see it with in the airline industry ourselves, premium product growth has outpaced the growth in main cabin revenue for some time here. And then in other parts of the economy, consumers are just reducing nonessential retail purchases and spending that on experiences. So it's a combination of travel patterns changing and customer preferences changing over time that we're adapting to here.
Bob Jordan: No, no, I'm kidding with you. I mean, preferences do change over change over time, and they sometimes long periods of time. And just more philosophically, you can have beliefs. We as a company can have beliefs and hold on to them. But if you don't understand in data, what is happening with your customers, that they can move away from you. So you've got to be willing to challenge everything that's not fundamental to you as an airline. But the -- we do -- we have periodically surveyed assigned seating. This is by far the deepest analysis we have ever done. And it has moved towards assigned seating over decades. I think the last time we looked at it, which was years -- many -- actually several years ago, the preference was more 50-50. But the -- you've got a different generation -- you've got -- what we're trying to point out too is, it's very clear that as different generations emerge and spend more on travel, their preferences are potentially very different than the prior generation. I mean, not making a value call at all, but you've got to aim because you're always working, you've got to aim at the customer that you're going to see in five years and 10 years. So I don't worry that -- the -- the fact this is what I love about way we're implementing this. We're not doing anything way out on the front. We're moving to assigned seating. We're moving to extra legroom, and we're doing it in a way that is consistent with Southwest Airlines, which is we're doing it in a very efficient way. And we're not putting in seats with -- that have doors and seats that massage you or something like that. We're doing things that make sense for Southwest. So I'm comfortable that we're moving towards the customer and that those customer desires will not shift on us.
Bob Jordan: That's part of what we are hard at work finalizing. Now I think it's safe to assume that just like our current A-List, A-List preferred customers, there is a boarding benefit associated with their status level. I think it's safe to assume that there will be a seating benefit, seating benefits that are associated with it. But the exact nature of that and the details there are things that we're defining as we speak.
Bob Jordan: Yes. And Ali, I'll let, obviously, Andrew talk in detail, but I did want to take time before our call in just to -- just reiterate that there is nothing more than important and safety period. We have had recent issues. We take them very seriously. Andrew can talk about it, but we've got a team focused on understanding what happened and how we can improve. I did speak to FA administrator, Whittaker, earlier this week to reinforce our commitment, my personal commitment to safety and our support and really appreciation for the work that the FAA is doing. So I just want to preface anything we say about the issues with the fact that there is nothing more important than safety and we fully support the FAA.
Ryan Green: Yes, I think that's the most important part, Conor, is that when you start wrapping seating benefits, premium seating benefits into your overall value proposition, whether you're selling it as an ancillary or a fair, the customer, when they go on to buy their flight from Dallas to Denver. They don't know if we're going to operate it with the 700 or a MAX 8 aircraft, and you want a consistent value proposition across the board to serve the customers' needs. So I think that's the most important piece of that equation to your question there.
Ryan Green: And Mike, just -- this is Ryan. Just to add a little bit of color to what Andrew said there. When you look at our customer base demographically and how that compares to our peers in the industry, it looks a lot more like -- our customer base looks a lot more like our legacy peers than it does LCCs or ULCCs -- the LCC or ULCC, peer set. Specifically, when you talk about households with incomes in the $100,000-plus bracket and $200,000 bracket that looks much closer to legacy than it does the LCC and ULCC peer set.
Ryan Green: And just to add one other point on that. It's about twice as many check bags. We carry as many check bags legacies, and it gets closer to three times more check bags than ULCC. So I think that, that just points to the popularity of the policy and goes to indicate why one of the reasons why customers choose Southwest Airlines.
Ryan Green: No, yes. I think moving -- there are friction points in the current customer experience that come along with open seating that we've had to adapt to by creating things like our family boarding section today. Just to give a little insight into that, almost 60% of customers are checked in within the first 30 seconds of the 24-hour check-in window opening. And that goes up to about 75% of customers checked in within the first hour. So, if you're a busy family and you don't hit the check-in window right on the nose, that causes anxiety. And so like Bob mentioned, this is one of those -- this is a way to solve lot of those friction points at the current open seating process has introduced and just causes more anxiety than we want. So I think families at the end of the day are going to love the change.
Ryan Green: Yes. I think Rajesh, we'll have more to share on the overall value opportunity of the premium seating and assigned seating initiative at Investor Day this fall. On the cost side of the equation, we're doing it in a very capital efficient way. We're using existing -- existing seats. So there's a very little capital outlay here. And then on the revenue side, we'll have a value share here later in the fall.
