Gary Kelly: Thank you, Ryan and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020 call. We closed out the year as expected with no surprises. And even Southwest is not immune to COVID-19 and we recognized our first annual loss since 1972. It was a big one and with non-GAAP losses coming in at $3.5 billion. But having said that, we were and remain very well-prepared to weather this continuing storm and especially, important is that we want to emerge on top in the airline industry. We have the strongest liquidity. We have $14.3 billion including $13.3 billion in cash and equivalents, $12 billion in unencumbered assets, and that doesn't include our frequent flyer program. We have the strongest balance sheet and pre-pandemic debt to total capital was a company record low at 24%. We have investment-grade credit ratings, and we have cash well in excess of our outstanding debt. Third, we have the best business model. We have an unprecedented run of 47 years of profitability and that was built on low cost and low fares and coupled with great service. And that in turn has resulted in unprecedented job security especially unprecedented for an airline going on 50 years without a furlough, without a pay cut, and the only major airline to avoid all of that during this pandemic. And I'm very, very proud of that. We have the best operation. And as evidenced by the Wall Street Journal's annual ranking of airline performances it was released this week was Southwest as number one. And finally, we have the best customer service and I base that on numerous brand surveys and my expectation that once again we will be at the top of the industry in terms of the United States DOT Customer Satisfaction Index of Fewest Customer Complaints. Now, no one can deny that that is a powerhouse combination of attributes for any company. And it just reminded me as I was recapping that I was listening to Herb, many years ago he pointed out that most companies never achieve the best designation in a single category much less five. And I mentioned these things really not to brag, but just to put things in perspective. And that is to say that yes, these are bad times. Yes, we had our first loss since our start-up year. But we have much to be grateful for and we have every reason to be hopeful that this too shall pass and when it does we will be ready. And speaking of being ready, I mean a surge -- a resurgence in traffic and revenues. So we want to be ready for that. And we have to have that to achieve breakeven and then beyond that prosperity. So, there's a balancing act here and we're balancing a desire to conserve cash and minimize our losses, which requires that we operate at a reduced schedule as compared to the need and the ability to achieve breakeven by generating more traffic and we can only do that by offering more flights. So getting that balance is key and we're intensely focused on that.  And I'll just add that we've got the talent, we've got the experience and we have the tools that we need to execute and execute that well. Once we get past this January, February winter doldrum, we'll see what happens and we'll respond accordingly.  So we've got excellent updates prepared this morning for you from Mike Van de Ven, our COO; Tom Nealon our President; and Tammy Romo, our CFO. So I don't want to steal any of their thunder except to say one more thing. I mentioned before that we have a lot to be grateful for. And we do and especially at Southwest. And I mentioned gratitude last time in our third quarter call, but I think it's important to repeat it again.  I am especially grateful for our people, their resolve, their resilience, their civility and their love. They've gotten us to this point. They will get us through this. They have performed superbly. And I know that everybody in this room with me could -- would join me and say how proud we are of them and we all just want to thank them profusely. They are heroes. So some of these heroes are sitting here with me.  And Mike, I want to congratulate you on a magnificent operational performance. So why don't you kick us off this morning, Mr. Mike Van de Ven, COO. 
Gary Kelly: And Hunter I'll just pile on here very quickly. I think that's a very fair question. And we -- I'm just not comfortable that we have an answer to that yet. So, it's -- nobody likes the answer it depends. Obviously, you already acknowledge that there's a high-low kind of a scenario. So, we owe you that bracketing. One of the things that I want us to do this year is to not think that we're starting over as a company, but there are some start-up-like aspects to this environment. And we're well-funded. We've got a lot of -- we've got a lot of institutional capabilities. We've got a lot of opportunities. We just don't have a lot of current demand. So, we don't want to behave as if we're going out of business and there are things that we would definitely like to invest in outside of the fleet which Tammy was referring to. So, all that, I want us to relook at, re-baseline our capital plan, and it really applies to both. It's not just aircraft, but it will also be the non-aircraft category. What we've been focused on so far obviously is survival and making sure that we screw down the spending that we're taking care of the health and welfare of our people and our customers. And those very appropriate questions you have aren't -- they're not pressing for 2020 and 2021, but soon they'll be important. I think the most pressing thing just to reiterate what Tammy said is that we are in a retirement phase. So, we will need to make some judgments about whether we want to keep airplanes longer, whether we want to stick with our pre-pandemic plan about retirements, whether we need to follow through with replacing. There is great opportunity with fleet modernization. So, those are all good questions. And then finally, Mike and Tammy are working with Boeing as you all know and we're right in the middle of that negotiation. That obviously factors in to answering your question. So, that's not complete yet either. So, there's work to be done there and we owe you an answer. We're just not quite ready to offer it up yet.
Gary Kelly: I think we're more enthused about a lot of things as we emerge from this and Hawaii is certainly one of those. But I don't know, if I'm exactly on point but -- with the way you're thinking about it, but we -- and maybe that's all you were looking for. I mean, we're -- we think the MAX will be better to serve the market and then the MAX seven is also a factor in the way we're thinking about Hawaii. So, I think we're going to do -- we're off to a great start there. Yes, I think we're going to do extraordinarily well. Tom, I don't know, if you or Mike want to -- 
Gary Kelly: Actually, just back to demand for a second, we haven't really talked about demand. The whole story is demand in my mind. We can talk about lots of stuff that's all demand and the Hawaii demand is actually pretty darn strong. And what we've seen is Hawaii, they've gone through I'm not sure how many executive orders we've actually had out of Hawaii. I think 12, 13 something like that, a lot of executive orders with different ways of managing through the quarantines and such. The pre-cleared program that they've put in place now that several carriers are leveraging it really does make the experience pretty straightforward. And the demand for Hawaii is actually very, very solid. So we think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity there. We're excited about Long Beach, what we're doing there. We're excited about opening up the San Diego service that was delayed. I guess, it was initially last fall Andrew, we just started that up. So I think the upside for us in Hawaii continues to be really significant. So, excited about that and the MAX eight as makes it even better. So, it actually expands the territory we can cover as well. So, new cities with that so.
Gary Kelly: Duane, we're -- we have one boat. And obviously, I never take my Southwest hat off, but this is my second stint as chair. So I think, we all understand how this works. It's a relatively small association. We have some new members. So, there's some administrative things to be addressed and some team building, if there's such a thing among competitors to do. But basically, we need to arrive at a strategy that we can all agree to. And then logic would tell you then there's things that we can't agree to. And then therefore that falls outside of the scope of what the association would work for -- or work on. So I don't know that it's so much driven by Southwest business, or our strength, or weaknesses so much as it is just what I'll try to do to lead the organization in a fair-handed way to be as productive as we can. I think the A4A is a very talented organization. We've been members since I think 1990. There was a time -- therefore there was a time that we were not members. So it's a long horizon. We think it's better to be -- have a seat at the table and be a part of that as opposed to not. And I thought the association did a great job in 2020 in particular. You got a new administration, which is a task in and of itself, as well as another stimulus that's being bandied about. So there's plenty of work to be done, and I'm looking forward -- I was honored to be asked to do it, and happy to volunteer, and I'll be spending more time in Washington as a consequence of that.
Gary Kelly: Yes. I'll let Tammy give you -- she is working on that and she no doubt can give you a more thoughtful answer. But I -- the way you asked the question is a good way to do it. I was really very pleased with the operational performance in 2020. And we got a bounce - the ball bounced our way in some ways because we were underutilizing the fleet. We had longer turn times. You had lower load factors and some things like that.  But it doesn't really reveal all the work that Mike and Andrew and the rest of the organization has been working on to improve our operational performance. What was intended to be addressed in 2020 and 2021 is further efficiency efforts with the schedule. And that's the real magic here in terms of being able to improve our cost effectiveness. And so I think we're all curious -- I'm just not ready to -- I don't really know what 2019 capacity looks like. We are horribly inefficient right now and still doing a pretty good job relative to our peers. So what we've got to do is get back to some kind of aircraft productivity and efficiency and then layer on top of that our initiatives that we had planned to see where we get. I'm very enthused about the progress we've made with the cost so far. I think you got this from Tammy's update. But basically if you strip out fuel the costs are -- they don't vary much from fourth quarter to first quarter which is pretty darn encouraging. So we've definitely stripped out a lot of costs. I think in terms of a lot of the more discretionary investment like programs and projects especially that were technology driven. We feel like we've gained significant efficiencies there post pandemic compared to where we were before. So good for us. And so I think a lot of those things should stick. Then you just get down to, are you going to have 85% load factors again? Are we going to have a dense scheduling opportunity again? Can we improve the turn and the ground time and continue on with some of the block time efficiencies that we were realizing? And if we can do all that I think we'll beat 2019 costs handily quite frankly. But that's in fairness I think that's speculative right now. I think we have a long way to go. Right now it's taking more people and more airplanes to produce an ASM than any of us like and far more than what it was in 2019. So I'm more determined to get us back there than I am so worried about what all the arithmetic adds up to. So that's -- Tammy, I don't know how you would answer that question. 
Gary Kelly: And I know you -- I'm sure you didn't take it this way Duane, but I wasn't criticizing what we're doing or complaining about our efficiency right now. It is what it is. So we have very thin demand. And we've done an outstanding job of sustaining a viable network, but it is not nearly as -- what we're forced to do is, far less efficient than what we know we can do. And I'm a little afraid that some of our -- well, I think trying to make a commitment on cost right now is getting the cost before the horse. So we need to know what demand is. We need to schedule to that. We need to make it as efficient as we can and then strive to get back to the level of efficiency that we had with our schedule back in 2019 and then add some. As Tammy said, there's some overhead and things we've taken out, but it's going to be all about the schedule. I think we're set up beautifully, to be able to execute better in the future on cost. And I think, we're all anxious to get there. When we'll hit that? Don't know. But I think we're set up as well as any of our competitors. In fact, I would argue we're set up better.
Gary Kelly: Well -- and of course, relative to the last 13 to 20 years, our cost to manage has narrowed. And so I think your question then and my concerns then proved to be valid. I don't know what they're going to be able to do. I think, at least in terms of what I'm seeing right now, our costs are stickier as we shrink. We don't outsource a lot of stuff as you know, which is much easier to shed, and so we are more fixed and sticky on the way down. I think, several of you all have noted that as we grow back that will be to our advantage. So we'll see margin expansion because, we won't have the variable cost to attach to that as the revenue volumes come back. That's one of the reasons I wanted to point out the operational performance for 2020. As we -- it's all about the operation, when you get right down to it when it comes to cost. And we had tremendous learnings from 2020, just the fact that, I mean we could quantify the value of an on-time performance point, much more scientifically than what we've been able to do in the past. And it's things that we've all learned, if not in school then in our early years that when you have poor quality or you have waste, it is very expensive. So we've got a lot of wonderful learnings from that and a lot of good tools and techniques to apply with a lot of good initiatives coming forward. I know I'm being a little bit redundant. So those are things that I know. If our cost advantage narrows, I think I could point to the last 10 to 20 years and say, we're still really good. And it's more than just that. It's the five things that I mentioned that Herb was so proud of 25 years ago. It's the strong balance sheet. It's the strong liquidity. It's the great culture that we have, the excellent customer service coupled with having a low-cost structure and a low fare brand. It's all those things combined. So I don't see us losing that. We certainly won't lose it in the near-term. And the advantage is narrowed. My theory -- and you and I have talked about this. My theory is that those are going to ebb and flow and there may be a point in time where it will widen again. So it's kind of incumbent upon us to continue to innovate and look for those opportunities where we can beat the rest of the crowd. 
Gary Kelly: Oh, yes, absolutely. And I think we'll just need to -- right now it's all theory right? It's just so theoretical because we're mired in this pandemic. So I hope you'll forgive me, skirting the question a bit here because what we really urge our leaders to do is focus on the next 30, 60, 90 days. It's just like having a patient in intensive care. So to be fair to your question, again, it links back to some of the earlier questions I was trying to answer from Hunter and Duane. If we get to the point, where our demand is roughly what it was in 2019, I think there's an easier way to formulate answers to your questions. If we've got a new normal that is significantly less than that, maybe we're breaking even and making a profit, but our traffic levels are 70% of what they used to be there's not a lot we can do in the near-term to honestly commit to you that, yes, we'll get back to the same return on capital there. I don't think it's possible at 70%. If we get back to 100% of customer volumes then it is a matter of where fares at that point, what's the mix of business and leisure. We can get wonky on all those things but it's just so far -- it's so theoretical from where we are today. My -- so I will answer your question. My focus is real simple and that's why I crafted my opening remarks the way I did. We need to strike the right balance here and we need to be realistic. We know that we can't generate the traffic we need unless we boost our flying. There is no reason to boost our flying if the traffic isn't going to be there. All we will do is waste money. So we have to be very focused on getting that balance right and reacting as quickly as we can. What we've tried to do is maintain optionality, so we don't prolong that recovery period. And I think that that's worked out beautifully for us, better than -- it can't be any worse than any of our other competitors. So I think we're in a prime position to do that and that is my focus. Now once we get to that point I think we need to work on resetting what our near-term targets need to be what kind of profits -- there was a question about capital spending. I think the capital spending depends on what is our profitability and what can we afford to do and still maintain a strong balance sheet. All that we'll need to iterate and I will welcome getting to the point where those are the kinds of things that we can then focus on. But our rally cry for our people this year is really simple. It is win more customers and stop the bleeding. That's what we've got to do. And that will put us on a platform where we can then get to the next thing, which will be let's pay down this debt and let's make sure that we are at a sustainable level of profitability that will then lead to what can we afford from a capital program for the next five years. So it's just an uncertain time like none of us have ever seen in our lives. And anybody that tries to give you a real specific answer to those kinds of questions, they're just -- they're not telling you the truth. And that's -- and that's the god's honest truth. We just -- we don't know, but we are prepared to manage and respond and we're determined to do it better than anybody else.
Gary Kelly: Yes. Great question, Alison. So I'll just speak for Southwest at this point, because I don't have input from all of the member airlines within Airlines for America. But at this point, we would like to have a seat at the table. I know that unions have reached out like they did last year, urging leaders in the administration and Congress to provide more relief. We -- I will just -- I know you know this, but I'll just acknowledge that the theory with the second payroll support program was to simply extend what was done the first time, which was through September for another 6 months. And the payroll support program in rough dollars was $25 billion the first time around. Well it was far less than that here the second time around. And we're staring down another -- in terms of cash flow $1 billion losing quarter here in the first quarter, just like we had in the fourth quarter with higher fuel prices. So this has certainly not ended and it's anybody's guess what the second quarter will be. So this is all about protecting jobs. And we're the only airline to promise no job losses or pay cuts in 2020. We lived up to that. We promised the same thing again here in 2021. That doesn't mean that we won't have risk and concerns beyond this. So we're not promising this indefinitely. And all airlines are alike. So I think the short answer is it's too early to give you a specific answer, but it's definitely something that I'm glad the administration is looking at. I'm glad that Congress is looking at it. And I'm glad that we'll have a seat at the table here.
Gary Kelly: Yes. And I'm -- so specific to your question I'm not aware that the CDC has reached out to us. By extension I'm not aware that they've reached out to the Airlines for America. But yes, I think it would be a mistake. It's very costly. As Tammy was pointing out in an earlier interview to administer the test, we don't have adequate testing capacity for the country in the first place. Where our emphasis needs to be is on the two vaccines that are available and getting them rolled out and getting the country vaccinated. And I would hate for us to take our eye off of that ball. But I would just make the argument that why pick on air travel? If you want to test people test them but test them before they go to the grocery store. Test them before they go to a restaurant. Test them before they go to a sporting event. I think it's been well recognized that the air cabin is extremely clean and healthy and safe. And with the new administration mandating mask in the transportation sector, that's what we need the most which is hygiene, wearing mask, social distancing, which should now better extend in the airport and beyond. That's the right approach here. And I just think with the millions of customers who fly or ride buses or trains or whatever, it's just unrealistic to expect that we can efficiently and effectively do testing on a large scale.
Gary Kelly: Well, no, that's a different question and a fair question. So and the answer is, no. No one has reached out to us about what we might need to do in that kind of a scenario. It's something that needs to be discussed quite frankly. But to your point, I don't know that testing would be an effective means to try to address that. I don't know what your experience has been, but my experience in trying to get access to test through friends and family is extremely difficult.  And that's before now you would mandate that you want more test administered. I just think it's wholly impractical. And obviously we -- selfishly we hope that we don't get to a point where we're prohibited from flying, but that's a different question and something obviously that needs to be addressed. But fortunately at this point, we're not dealing with a significant threat from these different strains. 
Gary Kelly: But Tom and Mike have both covered it, but it's just to reemphasize. It is all about the health. I mean that's the only reason that we discontinued the service is to limit the face-to-face interaction. And obviously, we're encouraging people to keep their mask on. So those are the only reasons. 
Gary Kelly: We're coming into the winter with the discounts coming up. I think our folks made exactly the right choice, which is to not do it right now. And you can tell by all three of our answers that we're continuing to talk about it, but it's not a high priority for us to get it back and in service here until we're comfortable. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. Hey, Savi, how are you? I'll start with liquidity, because, obviously, as we manage through this pandemic, I think that's goal number one. So, of course, our goal there is to maintain sufficient liquidity. And it's tough to predict as we've been saying exactly when we'll hit an inflection point, but we intend to maintain a high level of cash until we are comfortably past the pandemic. In the current environment, we have agreed with our Board that a cash target for now of at least $10 billion is reasonable. And we can go down from there post pandemic as we return to profitability and repay debt. One thing for sure, this crisis has certainly reinforced our long-term imperative to maintain a strong balance sheet and manage our debt. And, of course, we'll want to satisfy the adequate reserves for investments as we prepare for the recovery and our future growth. As always, we'll want to maintain adequate liquidity to weather a crisis, which seems to happen once a decade. As we set our targets here post pandemic, we'll want to be mindful that a large portion of our working capital is advance ticket purchases, which may not serve as a definite source of liquidity when we're in a crisis. So there are a lot of factors to consider with regard to liquidity and we'll continue to be thoughtful as we work together to maintain the financial health of Southwest. And as we manage through that on the CapEx side, I think, we've done an incredible job so far, but we want to be well positioned for the recovery and that we'll have some level of CapEx that we'll need to spend to continue to be prepared for the future. As I've already stated, we have very minimal requirements this year. And we'll want to manage that into next year, while at the same time, we'll want to continue to invest in projects that are important for our future, such as our GDS capabilities that Tom took you through. So, we're going to continue to manage that, but as our profitability returns to normal levels, I would expect our CapEx to return more to normal levels. And we're just going to have to manage that here as we go. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. So just to give you just a little insight of what --- where our ATL balance is to help there, at the end of -- at the end of 2020, our ATL balance was about $7 billion. And the current -- we had a current liability of $3.8 billion and a non-current liability of $3.3 billion, about $4 billion of that was from our loyalty program or a little more. And about $2 billion represented travel credits that we've already issued. And then we had about $522 million that consisted of tickets, and with the remainder being things like gift cards and our early bird revenues, et cetera. So that hopefully, Savi will give you a little bit of help as you're thinking about what the breakdown might be ahead.
Tammy Romo: Yes. During the fourth quarter, we had the credit redemptions, that was about 18% of our non-loyalty sales during the fourth quarter. And our hope, Savi, is that that would return to something more normal like 5%.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Sure. As I said earlier, as we return to profitability, I would expect our CapEx to return to more normal levels. And if you go back historically, I'm going to call that about $2 billion. And I'm not saying today that's our guidance yet. We're still, as I said earlier, working with Boeing to restructure our order book. So, we haven't really locked that down yet. Obviously, we want to see how the demand environment evolves. And then also we do -- we will be focused on renewing our fleet and we'll want to pick up with our fleet modernization efforts. So, as Gary said at the beginning, it's all a balancing act. So, -- but I would expect our CapEx levels to pick up as we get past the pandemic to more normal levels that you've seen in the past. But right now I'm just not prepared to give you exact guidance because we haven't locked down our delivery book with Boeing. And as you know our largest -- the largest portion of our CapEx goes to aircraft. And -- but we'll want to continue to invest in technologies and our facilities and so forth. And as I've said already, in total, we're below $500 million. So, we may need to pick that up here at some point because we certainly want to be prepared and ready when we see that rebound in demand.
Tammy Romo: Yes. I don't know that I have really a whole lot more to add to that. But in addition to the opportunities to improve our efficiency as Gary took you through we have delivered some permanent cost takeouts such as our voluntary separation program. And we have accelerated the retirement of some aircraft here in 2019. And I think we have a proven track record on just the overall cost management side. So we'll continue to work hard there through the recovery. I did just want to note fuel because obviously part of that is dependent on fuel which has spiked recently. So we'll just continue to manage costs at a pace that I think makes sense relative to the capacity that we're adding back. The MAX return to surface will also be a factor. But as you all know, there's a lot of efficiencies that we're going to gain, as we start bringing the MAX back and replacing our older aircraft, given the significant efficiency of the MAX. And so we -- again, it's hard to commit to a specific CASM at a specific ASM level. That is time-based. So we're not going to give guidance there. But we do believe, we could hit 2019 CASM levels as Gary said, even while our ASMs are down. So, again just, as I said in my remarks, very proud of what everybody has done. Everybody's just rallied together here to reduce our costs and we're going to carry that on here, until we get to the other side of this pandemic.
