Gary Kelly: Thank you, Marcy and good morning everybody and thank you all for joining our third quarter 2015 earnings call. We are celebrating, this is a terrific quarter and really a terrific year. I am very proud of all of our people, all 47,000 of them and I want to thank them and congratulate them on these stellar results. This is the culmination of years of hard work on their part as well as daily dedication to running a great airline and taking great care of our customers.  While it is true that the majority of the 71% surge in our earnings-per-share was due to a dramatic drop in jet fuel prices, there are a lot of other good things happening in this quarter. Our Rapid Rewards program continues to grow in terms of members and revenues and obviously the amended credit card deal is a highlight for the quarter and for future years.  Next, our core passenger business overall is solid and steady and that's despite the very brisk competitive environment that we find ourselves in. I'm especially pleased with our record load factor and record revenues considering the aggressive Dallas, Love Field expansion, the transition of the AirTran markets this year, the slot acquisitions at DCA and LaGuardia and our continuing international expansion.  Next, our cost performance was also very good. Profit sharing was up significantly and of course that’s a very good thing. Our nine-month accrual for profit sharing was a record $484 million and well earned by our people and of course they too are benefiting from dramatically lower fuel prices.  As far as the year 2015 goes, I just want to recap our plan for a perspective. This year is a confluence of events, some planned and some not but the result is spectacular. We have significant opportunities to expand, Dallas, Love Field, Washington Reagan, LaGuardia International, Houston International all converging here in 2015.  While we have significant opportunities, we also have significant access to low-cost incremental capacity to pursue these opportunities and that’s through the restoration of our aircraft utilization to more historic levels and our fleet over the last several years has been underutilized as we’ve been going through the merger process.  And then finally with dramatically lower fuel prices, we have the cushion to mitigate this expansion risk and actually been very fortunate to help – have that help to drive record profits at the same time that we’re growing. So we’ve been able to significantly augment our revenue production this year also with the amended credit card deal.  So all this has supported our growth plan of 7% in ASMs for 2015 and still resulted in record earnings and returns and our plans for 2016 are unchanged from our previous guidance. We are expecting unit revenue growth year-over-year in fourth quarter ‘15 which has been an improvement from the third quarter and that's primarily because our developing markets are continuing to mature rapidly. So we expect to end this year with roughly 700 airplanes and add roughly 15 aircraft next year, again for an available seat mile growth of between 5% and 6%.  So the work over the last five years in particular has come together exceptionally well. We’re exceptionally well positioned for future growth and that will continue dependent upon our continued success with our low fare brand which of course is built with low-cost and our transparency and we’re exceptionally well-positioned for future growth but also dependent upon our continued success with our customer service and especially the hospitality of our people which is something that Southwest is beloved by our customers for.  So with that brief overview, I’d like to turn it over to Tammy Romo, our CFO who will take us through the quarterly results.
Gary Kelly: We have 85 domestic mainland 48 state destinations today. I don't believe we have many more dots that we can add to the route map, so that’s first part of the answer. Among the 85 we have a variety of opportunities to add non-stop segments and especially in short haul markets if those markets begin to return to pre 2000 traffic levels we will have a lot of opportunities to add frequencies in those markets as examples. 
Gary Kelly: Savi, ,I think what you are picking up there was an interview that was done with Fortune and I really think that’s old news, so that article was really recounting where we’ve come over the last decade, so that was much more of a story 10 or 15 years ago. Today we are very pleased with the progress that we’ve made, you are very familiar with the initiatives that we’ve been working on over the last five years. So I think prospectively that would not be our messaging today that we believe that we can gain share in long haul markets.  Now in terms of the expansion opportunities that we have, just geographically, since we’re just now getting started flying trans-border, obviously those will be long haul opportunities but that's really more a function of us building off of our domestic base having a very small presence internationally and having a lot of potential destinations that we can add to our route map. So we are pleased with the customer experience as we have it today. We are very pleased with the market performance whether it’s long, medium or short and we are happy to have the 737-800 as a component of our fleet. It’s just performing exceptionally well. 
Gary Kelly: Well, the only guidance I can give you on the growth rate is for 2016 and there we’re going to grow 5% to 6%. Next year, about a point or two of that will be international and beyond that we will just take that on a year-to-year basis and we will pursue the opportunities that are the most advantageous for us. Over time I think that most of our growth opportunities in the future will skew towards domestic but clearly most of these, virtually all of the new destinations will be international. But we are not operating under a route target either way. We've got decisions that we’re making still even for 2016 as to what we want to do with the additional capacities that we are adding next year. So again as Tammy has already pointed out, there is not much new plan for 2016 anyway because most of it is just going to be the full year effect of decisions that you are already familiar with here in 2015. 
Gary Kelly: That will clearly be the target in that I would just again defer to Tammy and repeat what she said which is once we are ready we will provide the cost outlook for next year but part of the strategy with our growth in ’15 and ’16 is to allow this large percentage of markets that are under development, give them a chance to mature next year, so the percentage of markets under development a year from now, I think, Bob, will be in about the 5% range -- 
Gary Kelly: So clearly we are well set on expectations for some tailwinds here with the RASM improvement and do the best job we can to match that up with some of the cost pressures that Tammy has referred to for next year. But clearly that will be our objective. 
Gary Kelly: And you all, I know, will take some time to evaluate our revenue results but there is quite a bit of noise in those numbers. They look very solid today, whether you tease apart, the increase in the stage length, the increase in the gauge, some of the effective reclassification for accounting purposes for passenger revenues to other, there is quite a bit of noise there and it looks very good. So it’s just helpful that even with the noise the fourth quarter number shows a positive, so you don’t have to go through a lot of this analysis but if you are careful and you look at the analysis, I think you will be pretty impressed with the revenue performance here in the third quarter also. 
Gary Kelly: Well, I am chuckling because you are talking about competition in the industry et cetera, so we are doing well in this environment, we are a low cost carrier, we are a low fare brand and we are growing and we love the competition and we love being pro-consumer. So I think we will continue to manage our growth according to our ability to generate appropriate returns and we’re going to continue to work very hard to deliver on our low fare brand promise to our customers. So low fares is our specialty and our business and we’ve been profitable for 42 years with that, so I would expect that will continue. 
Gary Kelly: You bet, and again thanks for the question there. So and you are right, we are continuing to invest in the company in various ways, so we have investments underway that are physical in nature in terms of airport capacity, we just opened up Houston Hobby, we’ve got a large project underway at LAX, we’ve got a large project underway at Fort Lauderdale which will create international flying capability there. So that’s one thing that we are doing that I think fits in somewhat with your question.  From a technology perspective, we are replacing our reservation system but there is a broader commercial agenda that will roll out, Bob, over the next five years, I would say, lot of it will come on line sooner than that. But that will give us significantly updated capabilities to pursue our commercial goals, and then thirdly, we also have a similarly large agenda with Mike Van de Ven and his team on the operations side of the house. So there is a lot of infrastructure investment taking place. There is a lot of infrastructure spending by the way that will be occurring in 2016, so that will be something that Tammy will want to share when we are ready here at a future date. We are excited about all of that.  With respect to the customer experience, there is no question that we will have better tools in the future to make more tactical decisions in terms of changes to the current approach. Having said that, and looking at the current results and our expectation for 2016, I am very happy with our customer experience and our focus right now is very much on the basics. It is using the tools that we have to improve the reliability of our operation and also to invest in our people to improve the hospitality of our customer service, and that we can do without new technology and it’s something that we are very excited about, the technology I think will certainly enhance our ability to better execute against those two goals. But we are really happy with the product that we have right now. I think we’ve actually got opportunities to improve further and the kinds of considerations that you are asking for, I think, something that we can think about in the future but we have no plans to make any changes that are material along those lines. 
Gary Kelly: It’s both. First of all, we’ve never had anything like this. It’s a pretty unique – well it’s a very unique scenario and we were already in those markets already and had a lot of customers and I know you know all of this. So that clearly gave us a head-start and it allowed us in terms of our planning, if you go back 12 months before the launch of these flights, it allowed us to be more bold and more aggressive and just believing that those flights wouldn’t be a drag on our earnings, as we were – our objective for 2013, ’14 and ’15 was to hit our earnings targets and we’ve done that. Having said that, while they’ve out of the box virtually every flight, not literally but the almost every flight has been very successful financially. They are still developing, I mean any – as you know, our flight activity is up 50%, I believe the available seat mile capacity is up 188%. We all know that is huge and there are bound to be some imperfections there that need to be tuned. So we will continue to look at our schedule and we will continue to look at our revenue management and with the idea that we will continue to improve from here. But it is with the understanding that – and we’ve been very clear about this of the financial performance out of Dallas has been superb from day one. So the improvement may not be as sharp in those markets as it will be in some others but nonetheless I absolutely would expect that we will continue to see improvement from that capacity. 
Gary Kelly: And the first – just trying to help you a little bit here, that you don’t get a full quarter change because – and think about the fourth quarter, because the effective pay rate change date is November 1, Mike, if I remember right. So it’s not the – we would have a full quarter effect of the pay increase in the fourth quarter.
Gary Kelly: Again, I think we will need to win that is all certain one way or the other. I think we will need to go into the effects of the contract. But at least for the time being you’ve got good guidance from Southwest on the fourth quarter cost outlook. We booked the accrual for the bonus and with that we are assuming in our guidance that the agreement is ratified. 
Gary Kelly: Well, I will answer the question, Mike and I just want to recognize that we are under a gag order from the federal judge on this case. So I am going to be very careful not to – not comply with his order. But the value was pretty straightforward, we simply looked at the equivalent values for slot controlled airports, slots are readily traded, and I would argue to you that there is no more effectively slot controlled airport in the United States than Dallas, Love Field. So it was pretty straightforward on how we arrived at that value and obviously you heard our results from Love Field.  With respect to the exclusivity, this sub-lease operates like any other airport lease where, yes, we do have preferential rights to the gates and then are required to make reasonable accommodation which simply means if you have room available, then you can’t prohibit someone from using the gates and that’s the way it works, that’s where it works at Love Field, that’s the way it works everywhere. Obviously there is no room at Love Field for anybody other than Southwest on our gates, by the way we are operating. 
Gary Kelly: I would be happy to. I would say more than any other dual or multiple airport market that I can think of, they operate as one airport, and they have – I have been here for 30 years and they always have. So the prices are matched, they are matched, obviously when it’s Swiss Airlines leaving in the market, it’s been rate historically to have any low fare offering at DFW because of the dominance of that airport. So really it was left to Southwest in this market to provide that low fare competition. That changed materially in 2006 when President Bush signed the Wright Amendment compromise because we could then begin offering itineraries beyond the Wright Amendment area and you saw prices come down significantly. Now we are able of course after 2014 to fly those markets non-stop and so there are more seats available at lower fares, you’re seeing the increase in traffic not just at low but by virtue of that increased competition over DFW. What we’ve typically seen over a 30-year period is as we’ve grown with a focus on local traffic, the hub and spoke carriers and especially in DFW began to de-emphasize that and shift their focus to flow traffic which is why in the old days you’d say one-third of the flight is coming from Southwest, one third from the City Pair, one-third from Delta, one-third from American and Southwest would have two-thirds of the traffic on that segment. Dallas, Houston was my all time favourite example, and that phenomenon continued more and more and more because they simply could not compete effectively with our cost on those – especially those short haul segment. So they absolutely compete, I talk to customers here in the DFW area all the time who tell me that they choose between DFW and Southwest for various reasons, or rather Love Field for various reasons and – I mean the same situation, I can drive to DFW just as fast as I can drive to Love Field, and obviously I drive to Love Field but they are very close together and it is much more of a single market than Houston as an example, or the Washington DC area, maybe it’s more akin to the Bay Area where Oakland and SFO I think are pretty inter-changeable but it operates as one market. 
Gary Kelly: To be honest with you, I don’t remember saying that. You might be right. Mike Van de Ven sitting next to me is about to punch me saying that, but I don’t know – honestly I don’t know if 90% is a realistic number or not, I really don’t know the context of the statement. But today -- I will answer it today, rather than trying to reconcile or whatever is in that article. Last year, Mike, we were an 83% annual load factor, that is 15 points higher than what we produced 15 years ago in the year 2000, and a lot of that increase – of course, it’s all been necessary that we’ve had economic imperatives to adjust our schedule to have fewer empty seats, we are also carrying more connecting passengers, still heavily weighted towards non-stop passengers but I think that, that’s all important background to think about your question. We lag the industry, think a lot of our employees believe that we are the highest low factor, but actually we lag in the industry because we don’t hub and spoke and we don’t schedule so intentionally for connecting customers. We’ve had not more of that way in recent years but not nearly as much as the rest of the industry. So it seems to me unless we continue to evolve more towards trying to fill airplanes up with connections, we are going to be somewhere here in the low 80s, we are running a bit ahead this year over year ago, we just had a record low factor for the third quarter which was at 85%, that was up one point versus a year ago, it feels like we will probably beat last year’s 83%-ish 2014 load factor, Mike, that we had, so I think we can kind of inch things along from here and I am happy at these levels, as long as the rest of our economics continue to be successful.  So one of the things that we’ve tried to do over the last five to 10 years is have more customers per departure, so we would be relying less on having to raise our fares. That’s a great way to increase revenues and still keep our fares low. And obviously we’re getting closer to the point where that may not be as achievable. I think we have opportunities to manage our revenues better with revenue management techniques that’s one of the things that will come with our new reservation system and by adding value in areas like our frequent flier program. So very pleased with the improvement that we’ve seen with our credit card compensation there. So we will continue to look for opportunities to grow our unit revenues and I think for the most part that will need to come from optimizing our route network and less so in terms of trying to fill more empty seats. 
Gary Kelly: I am sorry, I was thinking about your question, so is the question about our domestic growth opportunities to grow beyond Love Field? Well, no, I think we’ve got – we have a large opportunity to grow, it depends upon a number of things, it depends on fuel prices, fares, the economy, all things that you know, depends on our competition, but as we see things today, there are more than ample opportunities to grow domestically, and as I have said many many times, we will want to grow in a sensible way and we want to make sure that we maintain a strong balance sheet, we maintain hitting our profit targets, our return targets but it is important to grow, it’s important to keep the customers that we have. We will need to continue to add service to meet their needs as long as the traffic is growing. So not growing is obviously not – it’s not a good alternative but as the domestic economy continues to grow and especially if the short haul traffic continues to rebuild as – some of the early signs we’ve seen here 2015, then we will have ample opportunities to grow. I am reluctant to put a number on it. Whatever I say really doesn’t matter, we’re going to grow at the rate that is justified by our financial parameters as well as the demand in the marketplace. And if we are lucky to have growth opportunities like we’re experiencing right now out of Dallas, out of Washington, out of Houston International, then that will be fantastic and we will grow and we will manage it and we will continue hopefully to have a record earnings, that would be our goal. 
Gary Kelly: Duane, again just I am saying the same thing Tammy is but the Chase deal – if I do my arithmetic here right, accounts for all that about 25 million of the increase. So there is a $40 million adjustment out of passenger into other, in addition to the 130 million that we’ve been talking about, for the third quarter. So there is actually 170 million in other. 
Gary Kelly: Well, first of all, we want to be America’s low fare leader and I think that we are. We are the only – I think the only – I was going to say the only major carrier – we’re the only carrier that doesn’t nickel and dime with bag fees, change fees, so we offer a tremendous value, and we have – we are meeting our financial goals with respect to our cash and our balance sheet and we are trying to serve all of our constituents, our people, our customers, our shareholders, so we are trying to take care of each one of those. Nobody a year ago saw a 50% decline in fuel prices looming. Nobody saw that, and so logic would tell you that as we sit here today it is going to be very difficult for any of us, you, me, Tammy, anybody, to predict what fuel prices will be a year from now. What I can tell you from experience is that it’s very difficult to increase fares rapidly. Customers hate that and it tends to chase away demand very rapidly. Everyone of our legacy competitors that we compete against has been bankrupt over the past decade and bankrupted primarily because of surging fuel prices. So I think speaking for Southwest, I am very reluctant to take our customers through a rollercoaster ride fares and if we are all lucky, and energy prices remain low for an extended period of time, I can assure you that we will continue to offer low fares and continue to add flights and grow Southwest Airlines. So that’s where the money is going. It’s going back to invest in the infrastructure for Southwest, we’re building new airports, we are building new technology for commercial purposes, for operational purposes and we are buying more airplanes. We are replacing our older airplanes and we are also adding growth so that we can expand in exciting places like we did last week by launching new international flights out of Houston. 
Gary Kelly: Well, I would certainly acknowledge that we are all in the same industry but I would also be quick to add that we often take a differing view – with respect to the particular issue that you mentioned, it is not our priority, we haven’t spent any time on it, and therefore we just have not taken a position. 
Gary Kelly: Well, really I want to honor the judge’s order here and comply first of all. We are looking forward to the decision and would expect that hopefully soon and I think we will respond accordingly at that time. 
Gary Kelly: David, on the latter, that’s really profit sharing that’s driving this. So I would welcome that kind of increase but yes, that’s our variable pay component, when the company does well, our employees do even better. I’ve talked more – I forgot your first easy question.
Gary Kelly: Well I can report this, we’ve got by far the majority of our destinations or leisure destinations, those load factors are consistently very high. These are brand new markets. I am expecting us to have periods of time now when we have pretty light loads. The only markets that we’ve typically seen softer loads than we would like would be the more business markets which is primarily Mexico City and some of the flight times there aren’t optimal yet with the slot controls that they have in place. But I was there on Thursday and virtually all every flight going out there was full. So early returns are pretty much what we would have expected and I think we will do very well in that market, the fares have been very high, we’re going to come in with famous low fares and would very much expect to have the Southwest effect to kick in. 
Gary Kelly: I think the only thing that I can appropriately comment on is that we are fully complying with the civil investigative demand. Certainly we’ve worked hard and turned over a lot of information but as to exactly where that stands, I can’t really comment any further.  End of Q&A
Tammy Romo: Sure. I can provide a little bit of color but we are still working through our 2016 plans, so I am not prepared to give you cost guidance here today. But just a couple of items of note, as you are thinking through 2016, while I would expect ongoing benefit from our fleet modernization effort, I wouldn’t expect the year-over-year impact to be as significant as this year since we are passing anniversary of 717 so we still get some benefit there. I’d also anticipate some cost pressures particularly salary raises and benefits, I think you noted and in addition, while we aren’t prepared to provide an implementation date of our reservation system until we get past a couple of milestones here, I would encourage you to keep in mind that we would expect to have some training costs associated with that implementation as well. So but as always, I think we’ve demonstrated year in, year out that we are very diligent when it comes to our cost control effort and we will work hard here and 2016 but until we have completed our planning effort here for 2016, I will hold off on giving you any specific guidance until later this year. 
Tammy Romo: Well, it may be with Q4 with earnings, I don’t know, Julie, well but it will be later, I am just not prepared here today to give you specific guidance yet simply because we are still working through our plans with respect to cost for 2016. 
Tammy Romo: And Julie, the only other thing I would add to that, just keep in mind, we will have a full year impact from the Chase agreement. So just make sure to factor that into your thought as you are thinking about next year. 
Tammy Romo: In terms of just the capacity, Rajeev, yes, you will see similar – in terms of ASM growth you will see similar trends in the first quarter as you are seeing here in the fourth quarter, and then it will obviously taper out as we go through the year. 
Tammy Romo: Yes, that’s correct. We provided you the liability and for the remainder of 2015 I want to say that in the 100 million to 125 million range, I think it was 116 million.
Tammy Romo: We will – if there is any change to our guidance, we will just update you as appropriate later this quarter. 
Tammy Romo: Most of that’s going – it’s going to be weighted obviously towards domestic, so a small, I guess, probably call a point or so would be international and rest of that would be domestic. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. Our seats – we are expecting those to be up – somewhere, 3.5, call it, 3.5%, 3.6% and that is going to – of course Dallas, LaGuardia and Reagan National and that’s call it probably half of that, and then the remainder with the other – just regional additions that we make here this year. 
Tammy Romo: Again, Mike, just one clarification, the numbers I gave you are for a carryover and it wasn’t clear if your question was carryover or in total, but it’s not going to move a lot, it’s probably somewhere in that 4%, the seats are probably somewhere in the 4% growth range. 
Tammy Romo: I’d be happy to walk you through that, Hunter. As you are aware, fuel represents one of our largest expenses, these are our first or second and it’s really pretty straightforward. Our fuel hedging program is designed to provide an insurance when prices are rising. Obviously when prices are low, that’s not as great of a risk and I think this quarter is evidence of that where we are producing very nice earnings. So we really look at our fuel hedging to help us mitigate the impact of the volatile swings that we see in fuel prices and just provide us at least a little more certainty with respect to what kind of fuel spikes we might have as we are planning for the future. So in terms of what do we think about, I think it’s all the things that you would expect us to, we certainly do consider our balance sheet in determining how much risk we’re able to absorb either on the high side or the low side, with respect to risk that we might be willing to accept with on the floor side. But that’s simply what we do. We really do a lot of scenario planning to make sure that we are comfortable with the possible prices – possible fluctuations in fuel as we work through our plan. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of insight. So we are looking up and down the curve to make sure that we’re comfortable when prices are high as well as when prices are low. 
Tammy Romo: Yes. As I mentioned – as opened the call, we have had a nice growth in our ancillary revenue, obviously the Chase agreement is benefitting significantly in the other revenue line. So that’s going to be the large – that’s going to be the biggest piece of that, Duane. And we also had a freight – freight and others are also performing well, so we were actually quite pleased because our ancillaries offset as you know, we had the AirTran back seats coming off that we were pleased that that, offset our revenue but it’s primarily the Chase agreement and in addition we had a nice showing with EarlyBird and Upgraded Boarding, those are also contributors to our other revenue growth, and I think those are really the headlines.  And one other note is just charters, we also had a very strong growth during the third quarter as well. I think our charters were up in the 20% to 30% range. 
Tammy Romo: No, I really don’t have much to add to that. The first phase of that, I agree, would be the revenue management opportunity and just continuing to optimize the network, and then as we get past – turning on our new reservation system, we will certainly provide a more insight at that time. 
Tammy Romo: We have not given the exact date yet but what we have said is that we will be on our current reservation through the end of 2016 and we have transitioned the systems beyond that. So we’re getting closer, so just stay tuned and we will be back in probably not too much longer with more details on the timeline, but we’re just not ready to lay out – all of that out for you today. 
