Bob Fornaro: Thank you, Jason. And good morning, everyone. This morning we announced our financial results for the first quarter of 2010, which consists of GAAP loss of $12 million or $0.09 a share, which includes an unrealized gain of $4.7 million on the increasing value of our future fuel hedge portfolio. (inaudible) we reported a net loss of $16.7 million or $0.12 per share compared to last year’s economic net income of $26.3 million. During the quarter, our capacity grew 6.1% year-over-year due to the addition of two aircraft in higher aircraft utilization. Our operating costs grew by $108 million or more than 21%. The leading cause of this operating cost increase was a $67 million increase or a 50% rise in fuel cost, as the cost per gallon rose from $1.59 per gallon last year to $2.27 per gallon, which includes the effects of hedging. Another significant contributor to our profit shortfall was the weather challenges that plagued the eastern half of the US during the first quarter. While climate weather in the first quarter is certainly not unusual, the severity in duration of weather this year was extreme by any winter’s measure. During the first two months of the quarter, we canceled 1,400 flights, which effectively trended approximately 2% of our first quarter capacity. In 2009, we didn’t cancel 1,400 flights until early November. Previously, we anticipated the revenue loss from winter storm was $5 million to $6 million. As a further analysis, we now believe the revenue impact was more than $10 million. Despite the loss of revenue from these winter storms, we have seen sequential improvements in load factoring yields with these trends accelerating through the quarter. Specifically, we experienced a record first quarter passenger demand as measured by our RPMs. Our 77.2% load factor was the highest first quarter load factor in our company’s history. In our yields, our average fair per mile increased by 3.7% year-over-year. This is the first increase in quarterly yields we have seen since 2008. The result was a 5.3% increase in total unit revenue, and the highest first quarter total unit revenue in the company’s history when adjusted for stage length. This year-over-year unit revenue improvement accelerated, as we proceeded through the quarter, culminating in a solid double-digit increase in unit revenue performance in March. Our efforts to better diversify our network and profitability has also been successful. While we have grown our land operation to be one of the world’s largest low-class hubs, we had built significant operations this quarter, Baltimore, and more recently, Milwaukee. Since the first quarter of last year, we have launched 12 new cities, expanded our Atlanta service to three new Caribbean destinations, six new domestic destinations, and restored our servers in Gulfport, Mississippi. We now serve 60 destinations from Atlanta. We now serve 47 destinations out of Orlando, more than any other airlines. We have added 17 new non-stop destinations since the first quarter of 2009. In Milwaukee, where we are now the largest mainline airline, we serve 18 of the top 20 destinations. And in Baltimore, we have added eight new non-stop destinations in the past year to bring our total destinations served to 27. A very credible and hardworking crewmembers have contributed to these successes. However, a loss like this still is very disappointing. While there are clearly signs of a gradual economic recovery, macroeconomic conditions remain uncertain and our growth plans therefore remain conservative. Regardless of the economic outlook, we are committed to maintaining our unit cost discipline and offering high quality, high value services to our customers. Before I turn the floor over to Arne, I’d like to make a few comments about Senator Blanche Lincoln’s reform of the derivatives market, as being discussed this week. It’s still as written, will improve transparency, course [ph] trades out the regulatory – out the regulated exchanges, close along with any wide loopholes and aggregate position limits across all markets. It creates an opportunity for energy to trade in line with the fundamentals of supply and demand while providing oversight in what is today a largely unregulated and speculative market. I’d like to now turn over the call to Arne to give you some more detail on our financial performance and outlook.
Bob Fornaro: Cincinnati has strong – maybe Kevin can add to that. I think there is two things, particularly for the first quarter, first quarter is the worst quarter of the year in the east-west operation. So you have a natural (inaudible). It’s the worst quarter of the year. And the actual stage length of the operation is substantially higher. So you’ve got a couple – you've got some mass that really works against it.
Bob Fornaro: The thing I’d look at the – we start looking at the M&A, when you’re looking at the Delta-Northwest merger impact us, quite frankly, it was very little that in fact – again, we’ve seen really no capacity change in our Atlanta markets. The biggest adjustment has really been in the Cincinnati area, Lehigh Valley. Quite frankly, probably getting some benefits there in our operations. As you look at what’s being discussed with United and potential transactions there, if you look at it, I mean, there’s got to be some reduction in capacity for those to ultimately work. And if you look at the growth carriers how substantial operations in the eastern half of the United States, if we look back over many years, United US Airways has also had a very, very large overlapping operation in the Baltimore, Washington area, which could be right for carve-outs under this administration, whereas in the previous administration there were really no carve-outs at all. But again, going on with – a few carriers aren’t profitable domestically to begin with. And so if you put them together, ultimately you’re going to see some reductions. I think it could be perhaps benefits in the Mid-Atlantic and perhaps in the United Continental scenario, perhaps and most likely reduction probably comes in the place like Kleevo [ph]. So either one of these types of deals could create benefits for us, especially for a carrier like AirTran, which has been very, very well in small and mid-size cities.
Bob Fornaro: In terms of really initiating something, our biggest focus is to really improve our balance sheet and ultimately get to a position where we are better than we were in 2007. That’s really important. And so our balance sheet focus is critical. When we look back at our attempted takeover at Midwest, I think when we look back, we are again not only glad, we were successful. If you look back in hindsight, we would have paid too much. We would have been saddled with an integration going through the fuel crisis. And I think as we now look at it, we think we are going to end up with the key mainline carrier in Milwaukee without the purchase. So I think – we don’t necessarily want to and don’t play in on initiating. Regarding the flipside, our opposition at AirTran is, if someone took a peek at AirTran, we would always (inaudible) responsibility to take a look at it and make sure that we are looking out for our shareholders. So we are not going to initiate at this point in time because our goal is to improve our balance sheet. If we can benefit and play a role on a transaction, perhaps in a carve-out to get around perhaps certain competitive issues, we would certainly take a look at that. But again clearly we will clearly look out for our shareholders if the landscape changes.
Bob Fornaro: Let me just comment on Milwaukee. I think – if we go back to one of Kevin’s comments, we’ve established ourselves in prior years in the leisure markets. And this year, we really establish ourselves in the markets of the West Coast and to the East Coast business destination. So we’re really pointing through our first winter. We don’t talk a lot about market share, but actually we are at 30% there, which is probably the largest position we have in any of our key markets. As you look at what’s going on with the competition, the hometown carrier Midwest, the name is gone, which clearly has got to be a benefit for us because this was an airline, Midwest has tremendous oil. Now the name has gone, and a lot of it identity. And the frequent travel deal that Midwest (inaudible) has soon to be over. So we think it’s a really big opportunity going forward. Again we established the leisure market. We made a big push through the business markets this year. I think the next two quarters are going to look very good. So I think – we are looking at all things considered, Milwaukee is going to be a big positive for us going forward.
Bob Fornaro: We look at the bookings when we look forward. The bookings for May and June was exception. And so again, for us again, we are going to have a good April. It’s not going to be as strong as March and that we’re going to have especially strong May and June. I mean, this is really – again – and I think you’re going to get similar commentary today. Last year, the booking patterns were really breaking down this time. And I think right now we are just seeing a firming through May and June and going into the summer as well.
Bob Fornaro: Gary, let me start. I’m not really sure it has changed that much. We made most of the changes in our fleet plan. We made about two years ago. I mean, actually – I think we did get out and tried in most of the industry and we restructured our fleet. We hang out in all the airplanes. But we really planned on our tool to a 2.5-year turnaround, which kind of looks like it was the right estimate. As we look – the airplane market is different. It’s more expensive. The CDP financing is not available like it was two years ago or as readily available, not a big place in the market yet. So I think financing gets a little bit more expensive. I think our approach is, given some of the ups and downs we see in the last two years, that’s what we carry a little bit more cash on your balance sheet. So I mean, I think – you know, our priority is to put ourselves on stronger footing before we consider a faster growth rate. We’ve got a couple percentage here. I believe next year with the seven airplane deliveries, we are about 3% to 4%. It’s too far to look beyond that. But I think right now we are comfortable with that. And we are very, very happy to build our financial strength and to improve our earnings per share prior to initiating growth higher than that.
Bob Fornaro: There are – good morning, Helane. Couple of points, and first of all – and even kind of start out to a previous question, I think as the network develops, we have to look at really all factors. And even in the context of M&A, if we could become a facilitator in any transaction, that’s a place we would like to be. In terms of looking out west, I think there is a lot of short wall service right now up and down the coast. And realistically, all these routes are naturally very, very seasonal. And so with our restructure, the west is not going to play a very, very good role. As Milwaukee develops, I think the West Coast can play a bigger role because all of a sudden we will be able to have some Midwest feet as well. Yet regarding Milwaukee, I think really in the – we're really in the right place. We’ve seen a huge change in the market. The principal carrier there, a lot of change for them. And we think we’ve done a pretty good job running carriers to the north. And customers of Northern Illinois know that Milwaukee is pretty easy to get to. So we are seeing a big change. And regarding any opportunity, again, we are – if we could find a way to improve our profitability, we are certainly going to take a look at it.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Okay. And then just on the 717s, can you just talk about if you are happy with that plane? Is that sort of a plane for you for the markets you are serving? Is there a plane we can fluff into that would be better for you on that plane? That’s my question.
Bob Fornaro: Good question. It’s a little early to process because it’s very hard to judge anything based on first quarter results. But I think LaGuardia, our bookings look pretty good. We would like to get another gate in LaGuardia, quite frankly, because we would like to withstand further. But if we go back, I know we looked at our position and we had four or five flights a day. It was one of our top two highest cost domestic stations. We didn’t view any growth opportunities there or our opposition, as we (inaudible) LaGuardia that we decided to invest in LaGuardia. And LaGuardia has historically been one of our strongest markets. And what we do back there is facilities. And if you could help us and Arne get another date, I’d appreciate it.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Okay. I’ll do what I can. Thanks. Thanks, guys.
Bob Fornaro: Great. And I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. It surely is disappointing to have a first quarter loss after four consecutive quarters of profitability. But we’ve worked hard to position AirTran as a flexible and more dynamic carrier. As we move forward, we move forward with an industry-leading cost structure, high quality service ranking has been encouraging, trend of yield improvements. Again I think – as we move forward into the quarter, which is our seasonally strong quarter, we are moving into strengthening revenue trends. Thank you for your time today, and we will talk to you all in July.
Arne Haak: Sure, Jamie. Clearly the biggest one is maintenance cost. And that’s primarily on the 717 fleet. Other areas where we are seeing cost pressures are in the area of airports or you are seeing – you heard us talk about how the backdrop of domestic capacity has shrunk. The airport infrastructure has not shrunken. Now the costs are being shared among fewer airlines and lower ASMs. So that’s another area that’s of concern. There is a little bit dip we’ve seen in the first quarter on labor such as the workforce become a little bit more senior, we’re not necessarily hiring a lot of new people with a lower growth rate. It’s largely utilization base. So there is a little bit of pressure there. And finally on distribution, we did highlight that this quarter. We’ve seen a point or two move away to the online travel agencies, and that’s, I think, largely reflective of the fact that some of them had removed their fees year-over-year.
Arne Haak: Duane, after the next $25 million, we’d not have tax and pretax earnings. But beyond that, any earnings that you are projecting in your model beyond the first $25 million from here on out would be tax. We will not be a cash taxpayer, but we will be clearly into taxes.
Arne Haak: Kevin, I don’t think we’ve ever commented on what our specific costs are for the various online channels. The biggest component of the distribution costs are the credit card commissions. You can kind of model in from there what you think everything else is, but our agreement, our confidence, and we can’t comment on kind of our specific or even our blended rates of where we are.
Arne Haak: It’s not accelerating, but it’s – really it began last year – in the second quarter of last year. So on a year-over-year basis, you are seeing I think the bigger increases. When you think about what credit card companies charge and say, credit card is a form of payment against the backdrop of increasing yields, that’s the biggest pressure on the cost, more than what we are seeing is a minor channel shift.
Arne Haak: Sure, Bill. It’s a really good question. 2008, I think, we suffered from several things. And fuel was just one of them. We were growing in a much faster rate. We had very large CapEx plan in terms of aircraft. And we had multiple impact that we were providing a drain on our tax. So if you look at kind of what we’ve done to do that, there is a couple things. One, we had been more aggressive in hedging. I think we look at it more as an insurance policy. We look at our portfolio. We’re kind of keeping ourselves between $60 and $90 a barrel. We are not limiting any of our upside participation from – in our hedge book, which we did in 2008 because I think at that time it was hard for us to see that oil could go beyond $110. And clearly, it can. So we do hedge more. But more importantly, we have a more disciplined growth rate. We have a stronger balance sheet today than we do – than we did going into 2008. We have also diversified our network. We are moving away more into a point-to-point buying, less into price sensitive connecting fine. We closed a lot of the store fault [ph] cities that we flew to out of Atlanta that we are providing a lot of connections into Atlanta, but that we are very price sensitive connections. So we’ve done a lot of things, and being more aggressive on the hedge book is part of it. But if you look at kind of what we are doing and how we laid out the business, we try to address all those things in terms of our plan.
Arne Haak: Gary, this is Arne. I just have one last bit that – if you look back kind of at our second quarter, I believe it was ’06, kind of had our best second quarter total unit revenue performance. And our guidance today really reflects that we will be beyond that. So the recovery isn’t going to be pretty strong. So if you look at the individual months, you are seeing it – there is natural seasonality, but the strength is not just in the peaks. You are seeing it pretty consistently through the quarter.
Kevin Healy: The other thing – this is Kevin. The two things I look at is, generally the development in Milwaukee started with large leisure routes, which continued to do very well, even with the (inaudible) in there. What’s the most new is the development of the business routes. And as Bob noted, first quarter, that’s going to be a bit of a dream. But those are the sort of things that you look at that are moving and improving at rates that are very good. So very encouraging as we look forward in Milwaukee and really everywhere.
Kevin Healy: Hey, Jim, it’s Kevin. Really I’m not going to talk more about ancillaries in any specific detail. But the only thing I would say that what we are dealing now is introducing bundle of services. We’ve done that recently with preferred seating, which is a combination of the busy (inaudible) and early mornings. So I think that’s the sort of thing that we move forward. Arne mentioned in his opening comments, ancillary revenue continues to grow, and we expect that trend will keep going.
Kevin Healy: Jim, it comes later on. Typically, it’s probably between years three and seven. But you’re not going to see any kind of big increase like you did with the 717 and has to do with more how the contracts were structured. What was really unique about the 717 contracts was that every aircraft moved up at the ten-year anniversary of the program. So we had 86 717s, all reaching a new rate at the ten-year rate. On the 737, it will be as individual aircraft reach those milestones in the cost structure. And so you won’t see this big step as we have had this year.
Kevin Healy: Kevin. Well, I’m not sure everybody has a different definition on back of the plane and front of the plane. I think we’re just fundamentally seeing improved demand across all 12 parts of the network, both in terms of leisure demand is very strong. And more importantly, the average fairs are strengthening going forward. So that’s the big piece of it. I think the close in demand is very good. And you really started to see the benefits of the network diversification. We’ve talked a little bit earlier about Milwaukee coming in. We are heading into the strongest quarter and extremely well positioned there. I think last year in Orlando, you saw a lot of meeting in convention travel. That’s one way we’re going to see that coming back throughout the summer and into the fall. So generally speaking, demand, no matter how you cut it, looks better.
Kevin Healy: Gary, it’s Kevin. The April in the quarter is going to be the toughest comp with the east in those periods. So beyond that, then you see the strength in June certainly will be the strongest month of the quarter. But even May, on a year-over-year basis, I think, is going to see the same sort of strengthening that we’ve talked about before. And just in terms of demand is that strong, though important. I think with capacity in the way of debt [ph], we are just in a very good position to capitalize.
Kevin Healy: Yes. Again, I think that’s a reflection in the level of competition that’s going on there. It reflects our expansion to Southwest entry, not just in terms of expanding the regional job, but I think the attention is also driving more visits into Milwaukee. It’s really been a high profile story all around in a number of national stories in media. So it’s a great opportunity going forward. I think we’ve been added for quite some time. We feel very good about the position that we are in and have a great opportunity to continue to earn the business in the marketplace. So we feel really good about what’s going on out there.Steve O'Hara – Sidoti & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
