Gary Kelly: Thank you, Ryan, and thanks to everyone for joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2019 earnings call. Straight away, I want to thank our employees. This is our 49th year, and they’re – at least in my experience, there is no more remarkable year than 2019. The grounding of effectively 75 of our airplanes, which is about 10% of our fleet presents a crisis-like challenge. And our people were ready work with the best planning tools and technologies in our history, but more importantly, with the right fortitude and the right resolve to get through this crisis. Our objectives were to run a great airline, serve our customers exceptionally well, protect our finances and our jobs and follow through with our capital projects that were underway. And we were able to do all those things. The MAX groundings reduced our annual operating income of $828 million. Our earnings were still a record on a per share basis, non-GAAP basis, at $4.27. And that is truly remarkable. But they would have been 28% higher and 20% – 27% more than a year ago but for the MAX. You can do the math on the stock price effect, but we settled with Boeing for the 2019 MAX groundings, and the settlement seems to have zero effect on the price per share, by the way. But we also intend to settle up 2020 as well. So we’re three months later since our last earnings call, and unfortunately, we’re still talking about the MAX unhappily. I’m confident about the MAX. More importantly, our pilots are confident about the MAX. Boeing needs to get the work done and get the certification flight done, give the FAA a chance to do their work and unground this airplane. But right now, we’re scheduled for a June 6 return, which implies an ungrounding several months before Boeing surprised us all this week with their June, July predictions about the ungrounding. And obviously, that would make our and other airlines’ June dates unworkable. So the timing remains uncertain, and we’re working through all of that right now. Our goals for 2020, given all of this, are very straightforward. We want to return the MAX to service. We want to continue to run a great operation, in fact, even better. We want to continue to serve our customers very well with exceptional hospitality, and in fact, even better. We want to protect our finances and our jobs and continue to keep costs low and slow the rate of inflation and do that even better. We want to settle with Boeing for 2020 compensation. We want to continue on with the capital projects that are underway. And then finally, we want to keep our network intact and continue making what modest tactical adjustments we’re able to do. Having said all those things and all assumed that demand and the economy remains strong and that the oil prices remain stable and low, if we can continue to execute against all these goals, that means that we only have one problem, and that’s fleet growth. So with regard to the fleet, we’re assuming that the MAX grounding is short-lived, meaning there are months to go and not years to go. And with that in mind, we are aggressively pursuing a couple of tactical ideas. Number one is mainly our 700 retirement schedule where we have a lot of flexibility. So we’re actively deferring retirements where it makes sense. Secondly, we’re always monitoring the used 737 aircraft market. We’ll continue to do that. Our issue is simple. It is our seat growth is not keeping up with demand, much less allowing us to expand. And we’re losing share, but all that is temporary, and we plan to aggressively recapture it once the MAX is ungrounded and are in a superb position, given our return on invested capital. There is no change in our efforts to evaluate the risk/reward of a single aircraft type or supplier. We’ll do that. It’s just a lower 2020 priority, so there’s no update there. I’ll also preempt the M&A question by repeating what I’ve said earlier: I do not agree that the MAX crisis compels us to acquire another carrier. We would not overpay. We would not commit us to a course that’s inconsistent with our strategy. And of course, as is our policy, we do not comment on rumors or speculation, about any M&A activity. And then finally, I want to thank our Board for making an amendment for our 2019 profitsharing. And even though the Boeing compensation is for 2019, it is not included in 2019 profits. And that’s not fair to our people for their profitsharing. So as a result of that, $124 million was added. And of course, that reduced our fourth quarter profits, but that makes the total annual profitsharing contribution a record $667 million. And our folks earned it, and I just wanted to congratulate them. So taking that notable item into account, we beat consensus. So with that quick overview, I’d like to turn it over to Mr. Van de Ven to take us through our operations.
Gary Kelly: Tammy, you’re probably in the best position to answer that. We – Andrew, as you know, we didn’t – we purposefully did not put any guidance for the year, for the obvious reasons, but Tammy…
Gary Kelly: And I think Mike pointed this out, but – so Mike, you might want to comment. But we – just to be clear, we’re staffed. We’re resourced. We got gates, et cetera, for 61 more airplanes. And so what we have a line of sight on is you got 34 we own, 27 that Boeing has. The issue is there are 16 retirements that are coming. So get to fill up 61 airplanes worth of flying, we’d have to get 16 more beyond the 61 airplanes from Boeing. And whether we’ll get those in 2020, Mike, I don’t think we know. So I think that’s possible. So the point that I wanted to make with that is we want to get 61 airplanes into service as fast as we can. And that is all understanding that it needs to be safe, it needs to meet all of our other objectives, et cetera. But we’ll want to get to that 61 just as fast as we can. We just don’t know what that speed will be. And some of it may be us. We may find that we want to gate the flow of airplanes back into the operation more than what we know right now. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of insight. But you can throw any percent out there you want. It’s certainly not going to be 10%. There’s no way. Nothing close to that. And in 2021, I got the same kinds of concerns. So we’re not so worried about the percents right now through as much as you are, but we’re certainly not going to be growing rapidly here in 2020.
Gary Kelly: Sorry, but in the end, you match all that together and really, compared to what we were assuming before compared to simulator training and again – another shout out to CAE, who has been terrific to work with – we’ll have a significant amount of simulator capacity if that’s the route that we need to go and it will add a couple of months.
Gary Kelly: It did work for you. So based – and you said it, there are a lot of assumptions there, but just trying to give you some guidance. So we won’t be up and running immediately after an ungrounding, it will be several months later.
Gary Kelly: And so we don’t have – for the 2020 settlement that we keep talking about, there’s nothing factored into any of our…
Gary Kelly: …forward comments for that. So the only thing that’s in 2020 is related to the deal that was done for 2019.
Gary Kelly: Yes, I don’t know if I can give you a comprehensive list to the nevers. And you are right, I am a "never say never." But I don’t see us ever charging for bag fees. And obviously, one of these days, somebody else could view that differently. We’re not going to do basic economy. We’ve – there’s been a couple of media stories that were way off, so we’ve tried to clean some of that up. But yes, we won’t be doing basic economy. And I don’t know, Tammy, I’m sure there are some other things that we won’t do. I don’t see us certainly in the near future doing – well, I don’t know. I was going to say something I probably shouldn’t say. So I won’t say it.
Gary Kelly: Well, yes, we would need to collaborate with our employees and especially our pilots. I think all of it is contemplated with what Mike and I have been thinking about. Whether it’s a gating factor, it needs to be collaborative. So yes, I don’t know if gating is exactly the right word, but we would need to be thinking about it comprehensively. I think our pilots would be interested in supporting the company in terms of growth in the most economical manner because – so obviously, it means more jobs for them. It means more upgrades for captain. So as long as we can conclude that and then convince them that is the right case, I think we can come to an agreement on that. But Tammy and I were talking earlier this morning about this. And for us to have to arrive at a different course of action here with the fleet, we’ve got to have the right timing to meet our needs in terms of additional airplanes. We’ve got to have the right product, and it’s got to come at the right price. So those are all three, maybe two of the three, at least, are pretty big hurdles to overcome. I think if we were to reverse this and we hadn’t shared with you all that we’re going to explore the risk/reward of having a single fleet type/single supplier, I think you’d be asking us. This sort of illustrates the risk of having all of your eggs in one basket. So I think we have a duty to look at that. We’re going to look at it very seriously. And I think we have to be realistic that this can be a hard hurdle to overcome. So I don’t know, at least, Hunter, in the way I’m thinking about it, I don’t see the threshold question being the CBA. I think the threshold question is does this make sense for us or not. And if it does, well, then you sort of knocked down the other barriers that are out there. But our pilots are great. They’re fantastic, and I certainly don’t see that as a "hurdle" or obstacle.
Gary Kelly: Well, I think it’s a very fair question. I don’t know that – you know and we know that this is a negotiation. This is not contractual. This is a negotiation. So I don’t see being selfish about this. I don’t see a lot of merit or wisdom and is laying out our entire strategy about this. I also don’t want to give our competitors a road map. What I don’t – if you just simply talk about the harm that the company has incurred. I wouldn’t quarrel with anything that you put out there, and as I mentioned in my remarks, there’s a lot of years, Jamie, where we’ve had a dozen issues that we needed to deal with. And right now, we’ve been blessed with having one. The operation is fantastic, and I won’t tick through everything that the four of us have been trying to drive home today. But the company is in a really, really good shape. We have one problem, and it’s a serious one. And the sitting here dog paddling for a year while our competitors grow right past us is costing us this year 6 million, 7 million customers. And yes, I’m very worried about that. And that’s not anything that we can mitigate. We can deal with the operation. We can deal with all these other things, we get the finances whole, so to speak. But that, we can’t do anything about until we get airplanes, until we can grow again. And it’s – so – and I do I think we’ve been harmed? Absolutely. And everybody knows we’re going to seek compensation from Boeing. And I’ll just – if you don’t mind, I’ll just put a period on it.
Gary Kelly: It’s somewhat philosophical, I assume, but I think this is a really good company. And I think part of the reason that we’re able to absorb the blow is because of five decades worth of preparation. And we went through 9/11, and I can vividly remember our competitors whining about their state, and that was their fault they weren’t prepared for the unexpected, without trying to be too harsh here. But we shouldn’t be penalized because we have run a great company for five decades taking care of all of our constituents, especially our shareholders. We shouldn’t be penalized further for that. I wouldn’t be serving all of our stakeholders today if we simply said, " Oh, well, because we’re not on the verge of collapse, we should forfeit these positions." That makes no sense to me. So no, I wouldn’t do that at all. I would say quite the contrary. I think that Boeing has benefited and the 737 program has benefited mightily because of Southwest Airlines and our success over five decades.
Gary Kelly: Well, it’s – you’re right, there are estimates. And I think, by definition, it’s sort of a with and without, and you don’t know what it – and we admit, we don’t know exactly what life would have been like with 75 more airplanes as of the end of the year. But I think our folks through – Tom, through the year has been consistent in pointing out that, yes, we’re not growing capacity and arguably, there’s some benefit from that, at least temporarily. But the way we’ve had to reproduce schedules has been grossly inefficient and put our revenue management in a really tough position. Because we’re not building up bookings in a normal way, and we’re re-accommodating people at low prices, the fourth quarter, of course, was unique with the – gosh, over 3% was added back for lack of precision in the scheduling, so it was wholly inefficient in the fourth quarter. So anyway, I think that we’ve laid all of that out, and it’s, at most, in the quarters – in quarters two, quarters three and quarters one of 2020, it might be 2 points. In quarter four, I think, it’s 0 because it was wholly offset by having a very inefficient schedule. So I think that answers your question. Tammy, I don’t know if you or Tom any differently than I did.
Gary Kelly: On the – and I heard you clearly there, just another opportunity for me to reinforce. We have not deferred – and you all correct me. We haven’t deferred any of our capital projects. So we’ve got a lot of investment underway in airports around the country. We just opened up a maintenance hangar in Houston. We’ve got other hangars that we’re working on, a lot of technology efforts. So all of that continues. On the OpEx side, we’re not burning the fuel. We sort of stopped the hiring at the fleet plan that we’ve shared with you all. So we’re suspending a lot of our hiring other than attrition. And again, none of that is suboptimized. And even with that, again, the results are quite strong. But beyond that, Mike, I can’t think of any – advertising flops around here. We’re going to obviously support the reintroduction of the MAX at the appropriate time, so you have things like that. But otherwise, I can’t – unless, you have something specific that you were probing on. I can’t think of anything that you all should expect that will be a large expenditure, except for the marketing and the messaging and those kinds of things. And I’ll leave it up to you how you want to…
Gary Kelly: Well, Mike, I’ll take them both, and you can chime in here. On the first one, Helane, to be honest with you, with our executive team, we have not spent any time exploring the opportunity for wet leasing. So since we haven’t talked about it, no, we haven’t talked with anybody else in the company. We’re focused on the retirement plan, and then we’re always tuned into the used market. I think that makes the most sense because you just think about the effort involved trying to work with a third party and all the complexities that, that would bring. It’s not going to be in our configuration. We’ve got a unique business model, et cetera, et cetera. It’s – everything is sort of predicated on agreeing with our assumption that this is a short-lived issue and not something that we deal with for years. So as long as it’s months, I think we’re making the right judgment. So that’s an easy answer to your question. You may not agree with it, but it’s – but I think we can give you an accurate answer. And then on the short versus the long, we’re a short-haul specialist. And we’ve got more short-haul customers than anybody else in the country and arguably more short-haul flights. So the only point I’m making with that is what we’re tweaking here in 2019, because of this is not fundamentally changing our long/short mix at all. We’re still very, very heavily weighted with the short-haul flights. With respect to our concern about that, yes, I think we’re concerned about sustainability. And I was asked on CNBC about that this morning, and we are very focused on conservation, on fuel economy. The MAX is front and center in terms of addressing that. It’s important to get that airplane back in service, because it consumes 15% less gas. We need the air traffic control system modernized. And I think the most tangible thing our industry needs to accomplish over the next 10 years, is commercially viable alternative fuels at adequate supplies and at reasonable prices. And that would make a very significant impact. Carbon offsets are all great. But in my own opinion, there’s only so much offsetting the world can do. And eventually, we need to get it consuming less emissions. But if you look at air transportation relative to other alternatives, it compares very, very well. And so certainly, I don’t see any challenge to our short-haul business anytime soon, if ever, especially if we continue to improve our carbon footprint as we have been doing.
Gary Kelly: No, sir. There’s been no change on that. In fact, I don’t – I can’t recall a change that we’ve made because of the MAX with any of it. And again, I’m lumping that in as a capital project. Given the fact that there is a financial penalty associated with the MAX, it sort of encourages to maybe accelerate some of these revenue and other cost initiatives. And Tammy made this point, but one of our cost initiatives is fleet modernization. And what that means, at least for 2019, 2020 is the acceleration of MAXs into our fleet and the acceleration of retiring some of the older technology. And obviously, we’re not in a position to take advantage of that cost optimization opportunity right now. There was a question earlier about cost inflation. So we’ll have a little penalty because of that here in the next year or so. And then hopefully, we can get back on track on getting more MAXs in as a percentage of the mix. But except for that, I can’t think of anything that has been deferred. Certainly, as a headline, we’ve asked our officers to execute their plans and execute them well and get them deployed and will start driving the value, especially on the revenue side.
Gary Kelly: And it is a reporting requirement that it would be broken out that way. And I think we would admit that with the Boeing agreement, it makes it material enough that now it is a line item without describing what suppliers are in that line item.
Gary Kelly: Well, Kyle, I think it’s really easy. It’s – we knew, we were going to settle with Boeing. We also were quite sure that the settlement would not flow through earnings in terms of the classic definition of profits for profitsharing and that – and you just put yourself an employee position here. So if you’re here as an employee in 2019 and you may not be here for the next 30 to 40 years when this benefit is realized, then you’re harmed. You’ll never see the benefit of that, and we actually got a settlement from Boeing. So it was – all of that was anticipated. We shared that early on that we were going to work to sell with Boeing, and we have a precedent over decades of making amendments to the contribution to do what’s right for our people, and that’s either plus or minus, for that matter. So going way back to 9/11 and then the government subsidies that were offered up, we paid profitsharing on that, and it did not strictly meet the definition of profits for profitsharing. So long history of doing things like that. And it was a great year. It would have easily been a record year. It was actually a record year even though we had these penalties. And I’m just delighted that we can do that. So – and so was our board, they were delighted to do it for our people.
Gary Kelly: This is simply a question of how to treat the settlement for profitsharing purposes, period. And we will certainly do in 2020, attempt to do in 2020, while we were able to accomplish with Boeing in 2019.
Gary Kelly: I think it’s way too early. Boeing has been unstable since March of last year, and this is part of the instability. You’ve got a new CEO. You’ve got a new CEO of the commercial organization. So it’s far too early to make an assessment there. Now, both of the – as you and I have talked, we know all of us know, Stan deal, I think a lot of him. And some of us know Dave Calhoun and think a lot of him. So…
Gary Kelly: Well, to me, it’s just a matter of being transparent. Notwithstanding, Tom’s earlier comment, I think the awareness of the MAX issue is very, very high, the importance they attribute to it, I think, is where Tom has hit it. But everybody knows the name, the 737 MAX, and so who’s kidding who? To me, it’s just disingenuous. Now if it’s a different airplane, and it’s a totally different product and it would be appropriate to rename it. But this is a – ironically, it’s a very minor change to a piece of software when you get right down to it, and it’s Boeing’s call. It’s not ours. And that’s what they call it. But we’ve talked to them, at least the previous management team, and they weren’t interested in doing that. And we certainly haven’t been lobbying them to do it because I think it’s just disingenuous.
Gary Kelly: So it’s all a surprise to us. And again, if there are issues, we want to know what they are, and we would be happy to address them. But right now, we don’t know what it’s about.
Gary Kelly: But we do plan to grow. We plan to grow and we’re up to 15 to 20 airplanes a year. And we plan to hire thousands of people every year. So even in recessionary times in our history, we’ve been able to grow and not shrink. Obviously, we – some years, we might grow less. But for the most part, 2009 may be an exception to that. But yes, we definitely plan to grow and continue to hire.
Tammy Romo: Thanks for your question, Andrew. So yes, we certainly have abnormal capacity trends this year again. But as we drill down into our core costs and strip out the estimated impact of the MAX grounding and all the other noise, we do see core business unit cost inflation in that, call it, close to 2% range. That said, we don’t know exactly when the MAX will return, and our second half 2020 capacity plan is very much in flux. So again, that’s our best read at this point. We’ve reported our analysis of the unit cost impact each quarter from the MAX groundings. So along those lines, we’ve done our best to get a sense of what our true CASM-Ex run rate is from 2019 to 2020. So normalizing for the MAX and the other unique items for both 2019 and 2020, we believe we could have reached our CASM-Ex year-over-year growth in 2020 of less than 2%, which is in line with the goals. But admittedly, we have a lot of moving parts try to tease out. So I guess, in summary, I’d just say, I’m very pleased with how we executed against our cost plan in 2019, and we are very focused on being even more efficient. So I think it’s reasonable to assume or think we should be able to improve our trajectory here in 2020 relative to 2019, excluding the MAX. But just again, including the MAX, obviously, the year-over-year comparisons are very skewed, and we’re incurring costs that we didn’t expect such as extending retirements and incurring the related maintenance investment and have some timing items such as deferring flight crew hiring from 2019 into 2020, et cetera. But overall, I’m just really proud of our folks. They’re really doing a great job with their budgets and controlling costs. And I’ll add by just saying, we’re all definitely looking forward to the safe return of the MAX, resuming our growth, utilizing our unabsorbed overhead and beginning to reverse the temporary unit cost penalties that we’re incurring. So thank you again for your question.
Tammy Romo: That’s right. Yes, it is tough to answer for all the reasons we’ve all laid out. In terms of the second quarter, we’ve given you our guidance there for ASM growth, if you strip out the – if you assume the MAX gets pushed beyond the second quarter, I just offered that probably gets you to roughly flat capacity year-over-year for the second quarter. And then really, it’s just a function of the return-to-service plan. And we’ve told you, we’ve got a good line of sight on the 61 airplanes. Mike has walked you through the ramping of all of that, which is a several month process. And from there, it’s really, I think, based on the production rates from Boeing, which we just don’t know the answer to that question yet. So it’s just premature to try to get what the capacity ramp-up year-over-year could be here in the second half of the year.
Tammy Romo: Sure, Savi. The – just to answer your question first on the compensation. So it’s really pretty straightforward. The compensation will be allocated to the 34 aircraft that we have grounded, so we’ll get some benefit of that here more immediately. And it’s more for next year – or actually for this year now in the millions, call it, maybe $5 million for this year. And then…
Tammy Romo: Lower depreciation expense. And then as we bring on the aircraft deliveries in the future, that will simply be spread over the useful life of the aircraft. So the benefit will be realized for, obviously, over many years here. So – but that’s kind of short and simple explanation of how that’s going to roll out.
Tammy Romo: That’s correct. So thanks, Gary. And then on your second question, I guess, we laid out in terms of the fair value, the – it was $2 million for the first quarter and $31 million for the remainder. So just the way that rolls out is, in 2021, we’ll call it roughly another $40 million. In 2022, it’s in the same neighborhood of $40 million. And then in 2023, it’s less than $10 million.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And then there’s timing maybe from quarter-to-quarter in terms of maintenance, but all of that, I think, we’ve got a good handle on and can manage. So no, we feel like the costs are in good shape. And other than that, it’s just unique to the return-to-service of the MAX, storage cost, that sort of thing.
Tammy Romo: The – all I can really say there is, it’s supplier proceeds. As we’ve already mentioned, the agreement with Boeing is confidential.
Tammy Romo: And just to be clear, we do consider that effectively an offset of CapEx. And I think we’ve made that clear as well.
Tammy Romo: We will be looking at all of that. I’ll just point back to the statements that I made earlier, which is we’ll continue to take a balanced approach to our capital deployment. And I think if you look at what we’ve done in the past, we’ve used all of those. So again, I’ll just repeat, we’re going to continue investing in the business, at least at this point. We have no intention to slow down reinvestments back in the business. And I think our track record speaks to our goal to also take care of our shareholders. So we’ll just continue to take a balanced approach to all of that, as always.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. So just maybe to give you a little bit more color on that. When there were – what we were thinking about when there was – when it was just a requirement of CBT training. There’s a period of time – there are really three things. There is getting the manuals approved. And so once there is a return-to-service date, we need to get the manuals. We need to get all those changes in our manuals and we have the – our CMO sign off on all that. And that could take three weeks, let’s say, three to four weeks to get that done. Once that’s done, we can begin executing on the plan. And the plan is twofold: to get the airplanes into their proper maintenance state, get the pilots trained. When there was just CBT training, we could get pilots trained within 30 days. Now that there is a potential for simulator training, I think that could add at least a couple of months to that date. So that is the best challenge with the CBT training. And that lays over really with the aircraft time at the same time. So that – hope that gives you a little bit of color from where we were to kind of where we are today. To be able to subset a group of pilots to bring the airplanes back earlier, we would need systems, we would need procedures, and then we would need an adjustment to our pilot contract to allow how all that works. So there’s a lot of work with that. We’re exploring opportunities in that area. But there is just a lot of risk and uncertainty with all of that. So that’s not an easy path here.
Mike Van de Ven: The other – and then lastly, I just want to make clear also is we will have the year before that – we’re talking about revenue service there, which I know that’s what you’re interested in. But before that, we’re going to try – we will do validation flights out there so that we can make sure that everything that has occurred on those airplanes, they’re flying, they’re maintained, we’ve got all the cobwebs knocked out of them for such – for a long-term storage. So we will also be – so the airplanes will be up in the air flying before them.
Mike Van de Ven: No, no. Like Gary said, it was a whistleblower complaint, I don’t really know a lot about it. Just getting an ETOPS authorization, that is automatic. And there’s a rigorous approach to that. There are advisory circulars at the FAA layoff. You take that and you follow it. We did that. And over a 14-month period, have pretty good procedures in place. After you start flying, you’re in a heightened surveillance period for six months. We’ve had over 3,000 flights since we started service there. And the indications are the procedures that we were authorized to perform were performing, we’re executing very well. And they’re doing exactly what the FAA and Southwest Airlines expected them to do.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Yes, David. So we have – as we bring airplanes into the fleet, we hire a certain number of pilots and flight attendants for the airplanes that we bring into the fleet. And so that’s there’s just the math that we go through and we do that. The other thing that influences our pilot hiring are retirements. And so we’ve got probably around 300 to 400, and it grows every year as we age the 300 to 400 pilots that go through retirement. And then so we are adding our pilot hiring with – to replace retirements and the airplane to come out of the fleet. But as Gary mentioned, we’ve got – if we don’t have production airplanes from Boeing this year, we’ll only have 45 net new airplanes this year, and we’re already staffed up to 61. So we don’t need a lot of additional hiring in 2019. And let’s just start ramping up beginning in 2020 as the delivery process from Boeing resumes.
Tom Nealon: No, I just agree to the things you said. I do think this, I think if you just start with the fundamentals, the trends that we saw in Q4 just flowing into Q1. And even if you take them – I’m not giving guidance on Q2, by the way, but if you begin to look at the early piece of Q2, the trends just continue to look pretty solid. So the fundamentals are good. I think go back to the MAX out of our 2019 performance, we still have performed really, really well. Not mistaken, there’s about 1 point to MAX RASM benefit. So you back that out, we’re still in the 3% range. I think if you look at 2020, I think it will be a little more modest than that, but we still have strong positive growth. I think what’s interesting is what we can’t lose sight of. I’ll tell you what the problem I’d love to have is a huge capacity plan coming against we have a RASM to deal with, right. So we need to grow, right. But don’t misunderstand, we are still flying a very, very strong schedule. In fact, just the 2020 base schedule – April base schedule has more than 4,000 daily flights, 4,016 to be precise. And that’s in comparison to last year’s 4,078. So we still have – and these are little factoids that I want you guys know because we still have a very, very strong schedule. And what’s also interesting is – and Mike and I and the operations and commercial teams are very, very tightly linked on this whole RTS thing. I mean, literally daily, right, going through this stuff. And what I do know is, as Mike and the operations team sort through the reality and the information becomes clearer and clearer, it’s really up to them to tell us when the capacity is available. And the reason I’d say that is, it’s not unusual at all for us in normal circumstances as we move between schedules from high utilization or low utilization or vice versa. It’s not unusual at all for us to flex up 40, 50 aircraft at a time, all right? So our work in terms of building the MAX back in from a commercial standpoint, I’m not saying it’s easy, but we know where we put it back in. So it’s going to be governed by how fast are the aircraft coming back into service. And then we’ll just balance the three things we keep talking about: operational stability, financial results and customer. But I think the base trends are solid. We know how to put the capacity back in. In fact, you can see where we put it back in since you can see where we took it out. So I think we’re ready to go once Mike says, okay, here’s the aircraft.
Tom Nealon: Honestly, we’ve done a lot of research on this, right? So Alison, I think that one of the things that is interesting is we are very, very, very focused on the MAX as you are. What’s interesting is the general population is nowhere near zeroed in on this whole topic as we are in the industry. So we are doing a lot of work. We understand the customer perceptions there. So our customers that we talk to and non-customers, they are – it’s interesting. It’s really kind of a bell curve. I think I shared this with you at one point. It’s kind of a bell curve, and the vast majority of that bell curve is we intend to fly the same as we’ve always flown. And then you have the ends of the bell curve. And actually, the two ends, one end skews higher, and that’s we intend to fly more of the 737 MAX, the proof or the thought being it’s actually be the safest airplane out there, while it’s scrutiny and then some portion to say we’re going to fly less. But I think we’re going to see the customers come back pretty nicely. Some may take a little longer than others, and maybe a month or two months, but they’re going to come back. And at this point, there’s no notion of discounting MAX flights. That’s not in our consideration set at this point.
Tom Nealon: Well, I think, Hawaii, first of all, it’s – keep in mind, we’ve been doing this for 10 months. We’ve been flying Hawaii over 10 months. It is doing phenomenal, right? So everything that we expected is at or better than our expectations. Keep in mind, it’s a small piece of our business. It’s right around 2%, but it has a very important role that it really supports our California business, so it’s succeeding on every dimension. I think the demand and the load factors have been very, very good. We’re very satisfied with that, both the long haul as well as the interisland. Our ramp up, honestly, has been a little slower than we originally expected because of the MAX and the capacity issue, but everything we put into service, we’re thrilled with at this point. We are – I think this is a right of and check it, but we’ve got to see, 14 daily flights in California to Hawaii across four of our big cities: Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento and San Diego. We have 38 dailies interisland. So it’s doing fantastic. We’re really happy with it. What’s interesting is we’re actually creating demand that we didn’t even see as being there. So we’re seeing more connecting itineraries within the West Coast, which is interesting because we’re creating demand, we’re growing the market and fares are lower. And what does that sound like to you? That is the classic Southwest effect. So it’s happening again. And I guess, the last point and I’ll be quiet here is just – I think one of the questions we were asked a lot is, this is a pretty long-haul flight. How do you feel like your product is going to perform on the long-haul flight? And by the way, it’s not our longest long-haul flight. We have transcon that are longer. But having said that, the scores for the customer experience and the brand scores are actually higher than our total system, right, from the mainland to Hawaii flight. So net-net, we are very, very comfortable and thrilled where we are.
Tom Nealon: Speaking real quickly to the ETOPS process, we are involved in that, and it was not a quick process, very, very thorough, and it was very, very challenging. And you look at the quality of what we’re doing today, it is phenomenal. So I can’t speak kind of enough of the operations team, what they’ve accomplished in short period of time. Actually, it wasn’t short it’s 14 and 15 months to get done, by the way, which is 12 to 18 is the norm. So that is not a fast path.
