Gary Kelly: Sure. We are seeing some softness in our yields. But again, we are seeing that pickup and just continuation of healthy demand. So the economy feels pretty good now, and of course we're expecting a tremendous benefit from Chase and the accounting related to that new contract.
Gary Kelly: Sure. Our corporate sales grew pretty much in line with capacity, and our business mix is still roughly a third of our passenger. So no meaningful change there. And when you factor in the mix of our development markets and just the trend set we had on the yield side in the second quarter, we're very pleased with those trends. Our corporate sales – again on the revenue side, also we saw a nice increase there year-over-year. And our – business mix continues to run in the low 30% range.
Gary Kelly: No, I think the corporate business is in line with the base business generally as you mentioned we're seeing points of modest weakness that you would expect like oil and gas in some cases manufacturing related to that, but we're seeing offsetting points of strength like healthcare and consulting and other sectors, so net-net I think it's about a wash.
Gary Kelly: Well, I want to be fair to your question. If you look at our reported results here for the second quarter and despite the fact that passenger tripplings are longer, the average fare is down as a fact. I mean you're right, average fares are actually down year-over-year, so there is – it's very competitive industry and some of that is of course a function of us adding capacity in new markets which are under development. So I think in terms of the way we think about it going forward, we want to be the low fare carrier. We are working hard to support that by being the low cost producer. So we love keeping our fares low and would prefer to have more for airplanes. Our load factors are the highest in our history, and the differential between Southwest now and the legacy carriers is very small. So we like that and obviously if we can drive revenue through sources other than fares like our new Chase agreement, we're very, very pleased with that. So in the end, we just need to manage revenues, and it needs to provide a sufficient margin over our cost and hit our capital returns. So I think in that sense, we're somewhat agnostic, but perhaps biased towards higher loads and lower fares.
Gary Kelly: Well, again, all politics are local. So I think it just depends on the market. I was asked earlier this morning about why the industry isn't expanding faster given oral prices. There were physical constraints in some places, Love Field is the perfect example, where you can't continue to grow all field. Reagan is another example. So you just have to go market-by-market. As I think about Southwest Airlines, we have tactical opportunities to continue to grow our domestic market which is maturing every year. But we still interestingly enough have very exciting opportunities to do that. And frequencies to connect dots, I'll just highlight a recent one that we've done, which is Austin to St. Louis. And it makes perfect sense for us to do that, and it's off to a great start. Memphis is another one that we've highlighted over the course of the last year. It was an AirTran city, we decided to open it on Southwest. We did not replicate the AirTran network, we plugged it in a way that we thought maybe more sense for Southwest, and we are doing game busters out of Memphis. Contrast that now to what I would call pure expansion, which is as flying transporter and that's different. That's adding higher risk capacity to cities that don't know Southwest Airlines, unfortunately the ones we're adding right now are mostly dependent upon U.S. traffic, when we add a San José, Costa Rica as an example. But nonetheless, that is a higher risk flight as compared to adding Dallas to Chicago. So we just have to do this from the bottoms up, it's not a top down exercise and it's a nice thing that we've reported consistently as if we have a significant number of very handsome and deep opportunities to continue to grow. And then in most cases that means we're able to grow into a market and add some value by bringing lower fares. So how much stimulation is left in the U.S. overall, obviously a lot less here in 2015 than 20 years ago, but nonetheless you still have opportunities. I mean Dallas Love Field is the poster child, which is just an incredible success story. And there were a lot of critics that did not feel like there was much opportunity to grow and they were wrong. So we'll just look for those kinds of opportunities across the country and where they're available to us, we'll put in service, where they're not, we won't force it.
Gary Kelly: Yes. We did – I'll just walk you through what we've done since the third quarter – since the second quarter rather. So in the second quarter, if you recall the energy market, started to trend upwards. And with the decrease in the recount and increase in market demand, we were concerned market prices would continue to escalate. So we did add some positions for the second half of this year. But so far supply, as you know has continued to outlay demand which has depressed the market prices. So we're continuing to actively manage that. So for the second half of the year, the guidance that we gave you for the third quarter, includes roughly $0.40 of losses per gallon, but that's embedded in the $2 estimate that we gave you for the quarter, so the $2.20 estimate. So, I'll just point you to, Savi, just as a reminder, really the best way to do help guide for our fuel prices is just using sensitivity and as always we've included that in the earnings release for you to help you along with your modeling. So, that's – so that's the change that we've made since second quarter, I think the last guidance that we gave you for the full year as a reminder when we unwound our hedges back when the market collapsed back in the fall, I think at that time we guided you to about $0.20 of penalty for the – for the quarter, we got out of way of that largely in the second half. So our penalties are a little bit greater here in the second half of this year. But on average, I've got – kind of $0.25 average in my head for the full year. So up a little bit from what we reported to you previously.
Gary Kelly: So you know it's – obviously it's pretty big number, but the other thing I would just reinforce to your question is we've shared great results for Dallas. And Dallas in other words is a whatever that revenue percentage is of our total. But Dallas would have been better. I think as the economy maybe stronger. So there – even though it's really good, even it has a drag. So I think that there is – if the economy improves, our markets develop obviously we're hopeful of some significant upside there. Can't promise that, but it's just common sense that tells you if you got these many new markets, that there – that they are creating some drag. So it's tough for us to estimate that but however you want to estimate is mine with me. But I think there is a pretty significant opportunity to improve here. And that's what we're going to be managing.
Gary Kelly: Our plan is to extend the schedule sort of as normal which would be, I'll say, about a month from now.
Gary Kelly: You know and duly in fairness to your question, it's a conceptual goal. So a change in fuel price assumptions this material is obviously going to impact what we would ultimately target as a number next year. But on a fuel constant basis is pretty easy to think about that we want to sustain the current level of operating margins from year-to-year or grow them, and then by implication we would want to sustain or grow our return on capital, what we ultimately adopt is the plan is going to be depended upon more variables than just fuel prices, but those are our goals.
Gary Kelly: Now, we're constructing a five gate terminal and that is required for us to operate and that construction is right on schedule. So it's been a fantastic project, and we're obviously looking forward to launching service. We got to schedule produced, all those seats are out there for sale, what is included is also launch of service to belief and then Bob, I think in November you follow-up with the launch of Liberia, Costa Rica.
Gary Kelly: So it's very exciting for us and I think the potential of the terminal is roughly 25 daily departures and we are starting out much more modestly than that. And other airlines can use the gates, if at least, if they sign up to the lease. So but we're looking forward to it and we're on schedule with that.
Gary Kelly: Well, you asked a very good question, as you always do. Yes, we are sub-leasing the gates that United is leasing directly from the city of Dallas. And we bid for those gates, we rewarded the bid, we obviously entered into a contract with United and we received the consent of the city of Dallas to proceed with that transaction and the approval of the Department of Justice. When we add the flights that we, after paying good money for two gates, obviously we intend to use them and to their fullest and we have published our schedule, we'll move to 180 daily departures and to accommodate the court and its desire to maintain the status quo, we have extended I believe the term as a license, the delta to continue to operate their five daily departures and it will be difficult, because there is no room at those gates. If we do find that there's room then we want that room. So in any event, we all know that, there is scarce capacity at Dallas Love Field, but that is the status of it. And we'll work hard to support the court and their review of what is a complex issue. We don't see it as complicated, but we've been dealing with it for 34 years, but that's the status.
Gary Kelly: I think, this is complicated. I think given the current fuel price environment in the current industry environment, we are generating a substantial shareholder value well and in excess of our long-term 15% target. I think Tammy's only point is it, in the short-term, it sort of renders the whole 15% discussion moved. Because we're not targeting down to 15%, we won't do that for the next year. And with a little bit of to get fortune here will be many, many years of above the average returns on the capital, which is what we're striving for. So last year, we had a 21.2% return on the invested capital and our goal for 2015 was to beat that and thus far we are well ahead of that. So as we enter the fall, planning process for 2016, we will be straining to do the same thing again in 2016 to meet or beat or wherever we think we're going to end up here in 2015. We think that's the best way to grow shareholder value, if we can grow the business and on top of that grow the returns, it just provides very, very substantial shareholder returns. And that is our goal playing it simple. If fuel prices double between here and next year, that will make that an unrealistic goal in the short-term. It took us obviously a number of years to get adjusted to $100 crude oil. So hopefully that won't happen. We're trying to take steps, so that we don't see that kind of a shock for fuel prices back to the hedging discussion. But our goal for next year will be to continue to sustain very strong returns on capital.
Gary Kelly: Well, let me know your comments Tammy, you clean all this up, but Duane I assume you've been on the call the entire time, I know it's a busy morning for you all, but the – where I netted down the second quarter was, there was "softness" for us to the extent of about 1%, whether its 2%, whether its zero, it sometimes is a little hard to tease out, because there is a lot of noise in Southwest Airlines in 2015, there is a lot of things going on, there is a lot of change. So we've tried to tease all that out. The comps versus a year-ago in the second quarter, at least to me appeared to be harder versus 2014 than the third quarter. So you have that going on as well, but just pure sequentially, I think it was our feeling before the deal, that things were beginning to improve perhaps a little bit. I just don't feel like you can necessarily take that to the bank. So whatever improvement it is, I think is rather modest, and the majority of the improvements sequentially that we're reporting to you is the Chase deal.
Gary Kelly: Yeah. And again, so what I mean with a lot of noise and Tammy just said the same thing. These are all trends without us doing the deep analysis. So is our improvement because the economy is improving, is because our development markets are improving, is it Dallas, is it Washington Reagan, are we seeing more improvement in the international? All that has to be – it takes a while to understand and now we're talking about predicting trends in the future, where we don't have that in-depth understanding necessarily. So, I think, it feels to me like the economy is strengthening a bit, we keep up with it just like you do, and all of the weekly reports that I see are all – they're mixed, they're continuing to be mixed. I just read one this morning before our call, and it was yet another mix to report on, on current trends. So, it could be that it's just our own developing markets are improving, which would be welcome also. But in any event, whatever it is we are definitely seeing an improvement in our sequential trends and certainly because of the Chase contract.
Gary Kelly: 2016 our thoughts have moved more. They've moved up, we've moved down, Mike Van de Ven has operating needs for some airplanes, so – we are not fully baked with our plans for 2016 yet, but those are the parameters that we're operating under.
Gary Kelly: Well, it's not going to be easy and our people are planning as best they can and they will work really hard to serve our customers well, so I think it will be incumbent upon all parties to be cooperative and levelheaded but yeah it's going to be crowded.
Gary Kelly: Well, we're cooperating by doing what they told us to, so we're good at supplying information and we know how to do that and we're busy complying with that request. There has been a lot of talk and advice on and we don't want to continue to perpetuate that, but I'd – you'd have to ask the Department of Justice, what's actually [ph] spon their desire to investigate. But we're fully compliant, we compliant with all the anti-trust laws, and we compliant with all laws for that matter and certainly that with the Federal Securities Laws. At the same time, we are – if you go back to the Terry's question of Tammy in the May 19th conference, we're doing our best to be transparent with our investors and answer their questions. But our focus is on the Southwest Airlines and managing our business and would not commenting or making comments about our competitors.
Gary Kelly: It's incumbent upon us to manage our business. And Southwest Airlines has competitive strength and we want to take forward advantage of those. We're a low cost carrier. We have substantially lower cost than our legacy competitors do. And I think, what people miss is that, we have opportunities to grow that many of our competitors do not and Dallas Love Field is a perfect example of that. Houston Hobby International is another perfect example of that. So we have not grown Southwest Airlines in three or four years. So we have a history of being prudent and measured and how we approach our business. And certainly, would want to continue that into the future. But we have opportunities to grow like we haven't had in years and we absolutely will grow this airline, that is in the best interest of our shareholders. And we have a fiduciary duty to create shareholder value and take care of our shareholders and as well as our employees for that matter and that's what we intend to do.
Gary Kelly: Andrea, I can report this. You're right, the things have changed since I told you that load factors at Love were 90%, they're now about 94%.
Gary Kelly: Very, very full and very, very popular and our folks are working very hard at Love Field and they're doing a great job. So I'm very pleased with the results, I can't talk about that, any future pricing as usual. But we've got very strong results, stimulated the market with lower fares, we provided a competition that we promised. And I don't know how it could be any better. Well, I do know how it can be better. And hopefully, we'll be better soon, because we'll have even more access to our gates that we have paid for, so that we can add even more low fare flights. That would..
Gary Kelly: Not expect it to grow anywhere near as quickly. The potential is probably not – well, the potential is not nearly as great in terms of just sheer traffic and flights that you have compared to Dallas. But the theme is very similar, it is a market that is monopolized by one competitor with very high fares, and we will be able to go in finally and add some competition and significantly lower fares, and no doubt we'll simulate the market. Now, it is one thing for us to add flights between Dallas and New York or Washington or Chicago, better cities that we currently serve where the customers know us. As opposed to Houston, where we're now going to be adding the lease, which is of not only a city, but a country that is not familiar with Southwest Airlines, and probably doesn't drive an equivalent amount of traffic to United States. So the risk are different and we'll have to take that into account, and we will have more measured growth as an example with these international markets. Having said all that, we're still starting off with a nice bang. So I think we start off with nine daily departures, we're quickly adding a couple more this year. And we'll just continue to monitor the performance of those flights and evaluate whether we want to add more. Contrast that to Dallas Love Field and Bob, I think we will have added about 60 daily departures in one year – less than a year's time to Dallas. So we're not talking about 60 daily departures in Huston ever most likely, just to put in perspective.
Tammy Romo: You can see some year-over-year declines in some of the oil patch, so I think that's pretty consistent with all the headlines that you would know, but Paul, I don't know if you have anything to add, I think the – I don't know in fairness to your question that corporate accounts are telling us anything, but if we just look at the recent trends I agree with everything Tammy said. I don't think you are necessarily hearing anything or...
Tammy Romo: Yeah, Gary, on the – on the oil related roots I didn't note it in my remarks because all others is treated where there's an impact, it really hasn't been that significant, it's very strong.
Tammy Romo: All right, and the only thing I would add Savi is that from a program strategy with prices lower and with a more comfortable cushion in our profit margin, and the – you just layer in the very expensive nature we're trying to hedge, I think it just argues to be less hedged if that's where you're headed as opposed to more hedged. And I think we're mostly focused right now in working our current position off, burring that off in the most cost effective way. But we've got a – a business that's built for substantially higher energy prices, fortunately. And the direction of energy prices right now seems to be a bit clear than it was 90 days ago. That's always dangerous to think. We know our energy prices are going to go, so we don't. But at least for right now, we have to have a view, and then we have to have some kind of behavior accordingly. And right now that's what we're managing to.
Tammy Romo: That's our – we're still working on our 2016 and 2017 hedge book. And as Gary said our bias at this point is to lower jet fuel prices. So we're working to balance that as best as we can.
Tammy Romo: Yes. So, for the drag for the second quarter just to help you out, I think we've reported back to you in the first quarter that it was 0.6 roughly and for the second quarter the drag was a little over 1%.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Julie. You are stating in and out. But I think I got your question. But please redirect me if I'm not answering it fully. Yes, we are planning to change at least for the third quarter of what we're reporting and on monthly traffic releases. We're going to be providing you a updated guidance on PRASM for the full quarter and that's really due to the Chase agreement and that we just executed here this month. We provided you our estimates but there is some noise between passenger revenues and other. We will be recognizing more of that revenue recognition in other that we have historically. So PRASM, year-over-year trends are not going to be all of that meaningful until we lap and that's when we get probably a year down the road. So at this point I just think it's more meaningful to provide you all our RASM that help you with your modeling. And so, we'll get through this quarter and then, we'll evaluate if we want to continue with that practice.
Tammy Romo: There will be no monthly number, but we do intend to provide you if there are any updates to our third quarter guidance for the full quarter in other words.
Tammy Romo: We haven't given you – we haven't given you our fuel numbers but I think using something we are looking at market numbers just like you are, but with or without fuel a year we are managing to – continue to deliver strong returns and very healthy returns above our cost of capital. So, we haven't really given you our forward yet for fuel for next year.
Tammy Romo: Yes Jamie, if I'm tracking your question correctly, what we provided you is just the second – of the benefit for the second half this year. So if you annualize that – that should get you in the ballpark and again I'm talking about the $250 million of the $400 million.
Tammy Romo: All right, no as well. Helane, we've start that and never we're not, it's a lot. It's tremendous. Right now, I definitely go.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. Duane, the only thing just to give as I mentioned earlier that the third quarter is trending up. And if I had to, it's probably about a point sequentially from the second quarter. And we are – we're continuing to see a very strong demand as Gary mentioned for low fares. And thus far in July including the Chase benefit, I would say, our July RASM is trending pretty much aligned with the last year. So while, it's a little difficult to tease all this out, I think, it's fair to say there is – the way I'm thinking of it is, we had some bad with the yield weakness in the second quarter, but trends have stabilized and I think improving a bit, so.
Tammy Romo: Hi, Terry. Yes. We will – I think, it's both really. We were always working on schedule as we look forward. And what we were simply dealing at that time I think we had our schedule out. And it was – I mean, simply reporting on the schedule that we had published at that time. And given the weakness that we saw in May and June and particularly on the yield, and as we're getting closer to publishing our schedule, we are dialing back our capacity a bit just based on – based on the trends that we saw on the yield side in the second quarter. And then also as we're getting – as we're thinking about next year, what we do know is that the carryover impact in this year's capacity is and the – for next year then the 4% to 5% range. And then above that as we told you, we're expecting to grow 5% to 6%. So where we brought a lot here, over the past couple of years. So we want to certainly digest that growth, and as we're thinking about our international expansion, while what we're seeing so far is in line with expectations. It does take a little bit of what we're experiencing and it does take a little bit longer for those markets to mature. So we factor all of that in to our capacity plans and just based on our current outlook and where we're not – we dialed that back just a bit. But Terry, what I'd also point out to you at that time, we as always, we tweaked our schedule and react to the current business outlook.
Tammy Romo: The only thing I would add is – it's not really a macro discussion, it's really more of a bottoms up discussion. So we have airplanes that are available for us to put to work in the fleet, which is the source of our capacity increase really both years, 2015 and 2016. Although we're adding a few airplanes next year to the fleet. And as we were publishing the schedule, we have pushed the utilization in the first part of this year, which has squeezed some flights into what I'll describe as a non-peak time period and they are sometimes less than desirable flights. So there's some opportunities to cut those back as we are beginning to restore more and more aircraft back into flying. So we have some things going on like that. Secondly, and I mentioned this on the Analyst Call, our international is a true expansion and it carries risk. And so, our folks are monitoring very carefully the performance of those markets and we do not want to grow those new expansion markets too fast. So those are – we're managing the business as opposed to reacting to the May 19 scenario and we want to continue to hear out strong profits, strong margins and grow the airline at the right pace, whether it's 5%, 6% or 7%, we'll figure out what that right pace is and we'll try to make that as dynamic as possible knowing that the airline is fairly set in concrete for a while. It's tough for us to turn it on a dime but we certainly are continuing to evaluate our opportunity of 2016 and haven't made final decisions about the capacity yet.
Tammy Romo: Again products – Terry, one thought as well, because I think what you were referring to was the capacity for this year. It really – we're talking decimal point. In term
