Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Marcy, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning for our third quarter financial results. I'll just give a quick overview and then turn it over to Tammy Romo to cover the financial results. A very strong performance, especially from a revenue perspective, and it was reflecting a robust travel demand environment, but also significant achievements by our people in optimizing the route networks and integrating AirTran. Costs also moderated during the period, and it was a reflection of lower fuel prices versus a year ago and also reduced fuel consumption per unit versus a year ago. You'll note the increase in productivity with respect to our people versus a year ago, and that is despite the increase in capacity. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our Southwest and AirTran employees for a great quarter. They are working exceptionally hard. The results show it and I really appreciate it. We've made great progress during the quarter on our strategic initiatives, in particular the AirTran integration, the fleet modernization and the international reservation system technology project. We broke ground on the Houston Hobby international terminal project, which is slated for 2015, and we started the countdown to the 2014 repeal of the Wright Amendment here at Dallas Love Field. There's a billboard outside Dallas Love Field that says, "51 weeks to nonstop love." Despite these solid results, we have a lot of work to do and also, I would add, a lot of upside. We still have about 15% of our capacity deployed as the AirTran brand, and it is not optimized. Because of the fleet conversions underway, we're under-scheduling our aircraft revenue service. That's compared to where we will be post-integration. And even though we're on track for our planned 2013 AirTran synergies, we have a higher percentage of our system in development. And all of these create earnings drags, which should dissipate post-integration. Considering all of that, it was an exceptionally satisfying quarter. Our fourth quarter outlook is encouraging as well, in particular the holiday bookings. And as you would expect, we, like everybody else, saw an impact from the government shutdown, but hopefully, that drag will be short lived. And then finally, our fourth quarter outlook for fuel prices is stable, at least for right now. We're finalizing our plans for 2014. They will most certainly have a bottom line that achieves our 15% return on invested capital mandate. We have no capacity growth planned for next year. In addition to running the business, our goals are to bring up the international service at Southwest and finish the AirTran integration. We'll be very focused on doing everything we can to make our 2014 plans a reality with the normal caveats, of course, for the economy and fuel prices. So, Tammy, with that very quick overview, let me turn the call over to you.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, with respect to your last question, all the departures there will be via a jet bridge. So the 16 Gates. I think 16 Gates is plenty. I think we'll have all we need and it's a little bit premature to speculate on what the potential is out of this market. But we're excited about the opportunity. I don't see any reason why you couldn't assume 10, at least right now. The bigger aircraft like 737-800 is probably not a reasonable expectation that you could get 10 800 departures a day per gate. On the other hand, I don’t think we'll have all 800s at Dallas Love Field. But your guesstimate for Dallas Love in the 120 range is about right, and I also agree with you that it's a reasonable assumption that the flight activity will go up, but it's a great airport, it's right on track in terms of the construction. 12 gates are open, 8 more will open next year and it'll be ready and we'll be ready. So we're very excited about the opportunity.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we typically publish schedules every 2 months, and roughly your 220 is a decent guess. That could be as little as 6 months, maybe 7 months. So that will give you some idea what to look for early next year.
Gary C. Kelly: Mike, I think that's really more evolutionary as opposed to a market change this year versus last year with respect to revenue management tools. But it is the right conclusion to draw that every year, we are adding to our tool chest there. I think more than anything -- and again, we had an 80.8% load factor for the quarter, which, as you know us historically, that's really high. It was off 1 point from a year ago. This year, we were purposefully using less sale activity, a reflection probably of a couple of things. One is just the conversion of AirTran markets into Southwest Airlines and also a reflection of what we believed was a healthier economy this year. So philosophically, we still want to be the low-fare carrier. We like to be aggressive with fare sales and we'll continue to use that technique. The other thing that is nice this year is that we have less markets that are "new" to Southwest and where we don't have to depend as much on price to generate trial on our flights or on an AirTran flight, either way. But it's, yes, just a better economic environment overall, much stronger travel demand in the third quarter than what we were seeing in the second quarter and as compared to a year ago. Finally, what is a reality in 2013 is the networks are connected and they were not a year ago, and the schedule in the third quarter was getting more and more optimized for those connected schedules. So they were completely independent a year ago and not nearly as efficient. And I'm sure we were using price to fill up airplanes as a consequence.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think so. In other words, to me what we want to do is manage the amount of change that's underway at any given point in time, more than being concerned about the brand confusion. Right now as you well know, there's a very different product at Southwest versus AirTran. So we're already dealing with that. And that challenge will continue to grow smaller every single month. So AirTran will begin to shrink pretty rapidly now that 717s are moving out of the fleet. So that's going to diminish over time. I think more importantly is the focus that I mentioned. So for 2014, we have a lot of work remaining to finish the international technology work, make sure that that's up and running, so that we can finish the AirTran integration into Southwest. That's a tremendous amount of work with those 2 things. The remaining AirTran integration includes a conversion of 33 737s into the Southwest livery, and I guess around 62 more 717s into Delta's livery. So as you can imagine, there's a lot of work involved with that fleet conversion. In addition to that we'll be replacing, on an airplane-by-airplane basis, all of the AirTran 717s that are going out of the fleet. So, we have to ingest all of those airplanes. So that's the perspective, in other words, to your question. With respect to our brand, I think that we'll want to continue to protect the brand. We'll want to continue to focus on the friendly aspect of the brand, the low fare, low-cost nature of our brand and look for opportunities where we can improve the customer experience and drive more revenues. But specifically, with respect to tinkering with our brand, that's something that we'll be involved with here, thinking about 2014. And then we'll do the same thing again in 2015. So nothing to report you specifically yet but stay tuned.
Gary C. Kelly: Absolutely. And I wouldn't restrict it just to Reagan. We would be interested in more slots at LaGuardia as well. So, I'm reasonably confident that there will be slots that become available. And then I'm assuming that there'll be an opportunity to bid. So if there is that opportunity, we'll certainly take advantage of the bidding. Last time the slots came up for bidding, we were outbid. So there's no guarantee that even if they're divested that we'll get any. But certainly, that's something that we are interested in, yes.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, yes. I'm not trying to be presumptuous here. That's just under the assumption that the merger goes through in one form or fashion, it's my belief that slots will become available. Obviously, if it doesn't go through, then I'm not assuming that any slots come on the market. I can't imagine that the merger goes forward without requiring divestiture. That's been our position from the very beginning. And obviously, the Justice Department seems to agree with that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, no. I wouldn't lock it down that way. But it'll be plus or minus 0 based on everything that we know today. So you bring up the slot question in the same breath, and who knows? We may get slots that require that we fly, so we might need to increase capacity to take advantage of an opportunity like that. Again, this is just pure conjecture on my part to answer why would vary from that? Things could obviously change next year for the worse in the economy, and we might want to schedule less flights. So we'll definitely want to maintain that flexibility. But back to Hunter's question, we have a lot of work to do between now and the end of 2014. I would rather not introduce a lot of growth or even modest growth into that environment. I think we'll be very well prepared to contemplate growth opportunities after all the integration is complete, and I think we'll have a number of very exciting opportunities to think about. So really, now and next year is not the time to be thinking about that.
Gary C. Kelly: Let me take a shot at answering your question and you can tell me whether I'm on target with your relative cost point. We'll be looking for opportunities where it can play to our strengths and where we can stimulate traffic, looking for nonstop opportunities where we think there's sufficient traffic that's perhaps underserved. And as we think about the future, I don't think that there's anything that's fundamentally different about how we would contemplate growing. I think in this environment, with higher fuel prices and having more of a challenge in stimulating traffic, we'll just be a lot more measured in pursuing those opportunities. Dallas Love Field is an obvious opportunity. I'm sure we'll face vigorous competition from DFW. So we're not willing to commit yet exactly what we want to do and when, for competitive reasons. But right now, we're just focused on bringing up our international capabilities and finishing the AirTran integration and not focused on growing the airline.
Gary C. Kelly: Duane you specifically asked about pilot negotiations. So, I'll answer that and just comment on the rest. But the -- I think the negotiations are going fine. And in terms of what's being discussed at the bargaining table, as you know that's going to be confidential. But there's nothing really that I can report at this point other than we're continuing to have meaningful discussions. Our pilots are very devoted to Southwest Airlines and certainly want to make sure that their company succeeds. And I'm very grateful for all the hard work that our pilots do for us every single day. But I would be remiss if I didn't also share that we're in negotiations with many other workgroups. In fact, most of our -- the vast majority of our union contract employees, their contracts are amendable at this point. So, we have a number of negotiations underway and they are all proceeding and all -- I feel like we're having a very good dialogue. But otherwise, just really not at liberty to provide any other insight there.
Gary C. Kelly: And we're very mindful of that. We have, last year in fact, we were very explicit that we were going to aggressively manage our invested capital. And Tammy pointed out that it's down, I believe, 9% year-over-year. So, no, we'll want to continue to do that. We've got very strong operating cash flow. I don't know anything right now about 2014 that would suggest that we won't have strong cash flow next year. There's always the things that are hard to predict, but like I said, we'll have a plan that will have a 15% return. And that will result in a very strong operating cash flow plan for next year.
Gary C. Kelly: I just, Jim, have one quick color commentary to Tammy's point. Atlanta is one of the biggest cities that we operate in. Period. And it's bigger than Dallas, bigger than Houston, 2 original cities. Bigger than L.A., bigger than Oakland, the list goes on and on and on. So it's a very large operation for Southwest Airlines.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes. International is proceeding right on pace. We're probably nearing the point where we can publicly release some milestones. I'm not ready to do that yet, but 2014 is still the plan and it's going to happen. There are -- after the Bermuda closing, there are 7 international destinations that will be the candidates for conversion from AirTran in 2014 over to Southwest. And they'll take place -- those conversions will take place throughout the year. So to bring up international, Glen, we've got to finish the technology, be ready to take [indiscernible]. Then, we have to convert the AirTran International airplanes and there's 33 737s. Mike Van De Ven and his team will add some Southwest 737s to that international fleet, but all of those things will have to take place to get international up and running. I don't believe there's anything that we need to do with route authorities, but our regulatory folks are all over that. I'm not aware of any issues on that front. So it's, again, primarily just getting the airplanes converted and getting the technology up and running. The technology milestones are in view. And what we have reported consistently to you all, and especially in the second quarter earnings call, is that, that project is right on target, right on schedule. So, my confidence in the deliverable for next year just goes up with every passing day because we keep hitting every milestone that we've given them. The company's very focused on it, which is again why I've answered several questions the way we have today, which -- this is a big effort and it does require focus and we're really pleased with how the project is progressing. So I certainly don't want any distractions for our team.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, it's really small now. Again, it's got 7 destinations and 33 part-time airplanes. They're not fully flying international routes. They're probably, I don't know, Bob, half of it is domestic. So -- is it 1%? Maybe 1% of our capacity today is international. And it's really premature. I'm not ready to give you the big prediction yet. I would simply say that the opportunity with 737s to North America, including Alaska, Hawaii, is 200 to 300 airplanes. That is not a prediction that we'll fulfill that, but it's a very large opportunity. And in many cases, the fares are very high. So, we think we've got ample opportunities to grow there as we do out of Dallas Love Field and other domestic opportunities too. So, we have no lack of opportunities. We just need to make sure that we're executing on our business plan and hitting our revenue and our cost targets.
Gary C. Kelly: And that's net, Dan. So that's not - in other words, there's a lot more codeshare revenue than that, but we don't think that it -- well, incremental, is the right word, sorry.
Gary C. Kelly: It's a giant number, Dan, but we know full well that it's not all incremental. So we've made our best effort to try to infer from the data what is incremental.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'll just give a topside answer and let Bob and Tammy think about your question here for a second. The connection bookings for Atlanta in the November schedule change look very good. And that may very well -- there may very well be some codeshare support in there. The only thing I would mention to you though, Dan, is that as time goes by and AirTran continues to shrink its fleet, which is happening now in an accelerated way every month between now and the end of next year, the codeshare numbers are logically going to come down as that entity shrinks. But yes, Atlanta is probably in a better position in November for codeshare.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think the -- beyond the Wright Amendment state area is, gosh, it feels like it's 1971 all over again. So, we've got lot of opportunities. We have a lot more opportunities than we have airplanes. So we'll be doing our best to prioritize what we do first and then just make sure we don't get the cart before the horse here. So, we're going to take this expansion opportunity like we would any other and be aggressive when we can and be cautious when that's what's called for. But, we've got opportunities, Terry, in every direction except for South. So it's, again, an abundance of opportunities there in some really high-fare markets. With respect to the Wright Amendment cities, we're not really contemplating any radical changes there. As I mentioned on the analyst call earlier, the short-haul markets -- and you've written about this, the short-haul markets have suffered over the last decade. We have already adjusted our supply to that reset of demand. And the other thing that will happen, of course, is that many of the cities, especially in Texas, are -- most of their flights are to Dallas. While being able now to expand Dallas will be very beneficial for those cities. So in other words, if we fly to the East Coast now out of Dallas, we'll have Texas customers that can now fly on Southwest via Dallas to that opportunity. And that's very substantial. So I think on balance, for the most part, there should be good new benefits for everybody and we're doing our best to make sure that we pay close attention to all of our cities that we serve and do the best that we can to take good care of them.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't know that I would put a boundary on it yet. We haven't even gotten started with it. It does have a natural cap and although we're -- because we're so efficient, I don't know exactly what that is. But I wouldn't object to that as a reasonable number, but I'm not willing to predict it at this point.
Gary C. Kelly: Personally, I've not had serious conversations with anybody about anything with respect to that merger. If somebody wanted to talk to us about a deal, well absolutely, we would talk to them. There's nothing wrong with that. But generally, David, we don't comment on what kinds of things that we might be doing. But just with this situation, yes, I'm going to give you a straightforward answer, which is no, I've not been involved in any serious way with anybody.
Gary C. Kelly: I have no inside information. And I - no, I think -- at least I tried to make it clear that I was -- I think what I said is, I was reasonably confident that there would be a divestiture required. And yes, that's based on our knowledge of the law and our knowledge of the slots that are hoarded at Reagan, in particular, and the fact that the Justice Department has sued to prevent the merger. So that's -- those are the inputs that I was using to voice that opinion.
Gary C. Kelly: We don't know. Again, all I can tell you is what -- is repeat what we said before, which is, that the bookings look very good at this point in time compared to a year ago for Atlanta. And it is a very different operation. Bob is looking at these bookings in total. And what was interesting to us is that we did see a little bit more strength in the connecting bookings out of Atlanta. So -- but it's way too early to give you any insight along the lines that you were asking us. We'll probably need -- one day or one week doesn't make for a trend either. So we'll need some time to evaluate how good a schedule we have. I'm sure it won't be perfect and I'm sure there will be follow-on tunings that we'll want to do. And Bob, I'm pretty sure that we don't have every destination in place that we would like, much less all the frequencies.
Gary C. Kelly: So we've got a lot of work to do in Atlanta. And again, Kelly, the main thing to remember is, this is still dominated by AirTran brand and service. It's not close to being finished. So I'd say we're probably a good 18 months away before we've got something that we're totally satisfied with. But, this is a big step and based on the step that we've taken, we're very pleased with the results that we've seen so far. But all that's very premature.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, just a little quick background, and then make sure I answer your question. The 11% is a little misleading. If you look at the average passenger distance that they flew, that's called the average length of haul, that was up 4.3%. So in other words, one would expect to pay a higher fare to fly farther. So you have that effect going on. 4.3% is quite a change in a year-over-year comparison there, so that's part of the 11.3%. You also look in the statistics, you'll find that the yields went up, what, Tammy, 6.2%, 6.3% something. That's probably a better indicator for how much fares went up year-over-year. And those are -- we're a low-fare carrier. Those increases are a function of cost pressures. And the primary cost pressure that we are managing is fuel. It is true that fuel moderated year-over-year, but again, we're dealing with catching up to fuel increases that have been taking place over the last decade. And finally, we're getting caught up. If fuel prices are flat next year, I would hope that we wouldn't have to have fare increases, but that's just an opinion. I can't give you any insight, legally, as to what we're thinking about with fares going forward. Other than the obvious, which is, we want to be a low-fare carrier. That's who we are, so we're going to work very hard to keep our costs low, so that we can pass those savings along to our customers.
Gary C. Kelly: I believe we will. I would temper that with the following. Right now, it's our belief that we get more customers and more revenue by not charging for bags. In fact, there was a study that was released to the media this week, ranking Southwest as one of the most transparent, friendliest brands to work with, with the airline industry being ranked as a whole at the bottom. So we think that, that kind of a brand image brings us a lot of business that we would not get if we started charging for bags like everybody else. So there's a real value to being different than the herd and especially when you're different in a way that most everybody thinks, is really good. However, if -- over time, if customers prefer the unbundling approach, sort of an ala carte approach, and they understand it and they favor that, well, we'd be crazy not to provide our customers with what they want. But as I mentioned earlier, our focus right now to finish out this year and for 2014, is going to be, implement international service at Southwest Airlines, which is a very big effort, and finish the AirTran integration. A change in the fee structure would be, I think, a significant distraction. So, there are no plans to make any significant changes in 2014.
Tammy Romo: David, we'll still see -- we'll start seeing that tapering off, as you suggest. And so I don't know if it would be up quite 2%. But you're -- probably in the 1% to 2% range is a reasonable guess at this juncture.
Tammy Romo: Yes, I think that is fair. And then as Gary mentioned, we are working through our 2014 plan now, and we'll give you better guidance on that at our next conference call.
Tammy Romo: So far, it's been holding up, and I think what we're looking at right now for 800 deliveries next year, at least my expectation would be that it would hold up in 2014.
Tammy Romo: I think there's 2 -- I mean, the accounting is ultimately tied to the economics of the program. So obviously, we're monitoring all of that. And we recently increased, I guess, the redemption co-efficient, which would -- it's obviously a tool that we have to manage that liability. So we will continue to monitor that. But you're correct, we do account for that on the incremental cost method.
Tammy Romo: We actually saw an improvement in our mix, really across the board for the quarter. So we saw nice, healthy fares and which of course, was fueled by the demand environment and just an overall, an improvement in the mix.
Tammy Romo: Sure. Just on our business mix. It did improve from the second quarter. I think we were at about -- I think we reported that we were about 30% in the second quarter of this year and that's up to about 35% here in this quarter. So, we have seen, when I was referring to signs of strength. That was kind of one of the reference points. Corporate sales also increased year-over-year. Actually, rather dramatically and -- so, just a lot of encouraging signs across-the-board.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Our most significant cost reduction initiative, as you probably are aware, is our fleet modernization efforts. And so, you -- where you'll see those savings would be in our maintenance materials and repairs and our fuel and oil expense. And you're already starting to see some of the benefits in fuel efficiency. So those are going to be the primary 2 buckets where you'll see a reduction in cost. And of course, we'll continue our efforts, as always, just to control cost overall. And just a quick point on this year, if you recall, last year we went into the year with a goal to reduce our overhead by about $100 million and we're right on track with that goal. So -- and again, working through the 2014 plan, but -- as always, we're going to be very diligent in our cost control efforts.
Tammy Romo: Really, not much to add to that, Gary. Just, again, we're going to continue to be diligent on the cost side and of course, as we've demonstrated this year, we're very focused on managing our invested capital as well.
Tammy Romo: Well, I won't speak to our future plans, but I think you can just look at what we've done here in 2013 and I think that's just evidence that we're committed to manage that as aggressively as we can.
Tammy Romo: The total is, if I remember correctly, it's over $200 million -- it's over $200 million. I think $220 million, if I remember correctly.
