Ryan Martinez: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 conference call. In just a moment, we will share our prepared remarks and then leave plenty of room for Q&A.  Joining me on the call today is our President and CEO Bob Jordan; Chief Operating Officer Andrew Watterson, Executive; Vice President and CFO Tammy Romo, and Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Ryan Green. A quick reminder, that we will make forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectation of future performance. And our actual results could differ from expectations. Also, we had special items in our fourth quarter results, which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes. And we will reference our non-GAAP results today. So please refer to our press release from this morning and our Investor Relations website for more information.  And with that, Bob, I'll turn it over to you. 
Ryan Martinez: Thank you, sir. We have analysts queued up for questions. So a quick reminder, to please keep your questions to one and a follow-up if needed. And operator, please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: Okay. Well, that wraps up the analyst portion of our call today. I appreciate everyone joining, and hope you all have a great day 
Ryan Green: Thank you, Tammy. I'll provide a bit more detail on fourth quarter trends and our revenue outlook for first quarter. First, as Bob mentioned, we are very focused on taking care of our customers impacted by the operational disruptions last month. We've sent gestures of goodwill. We processed all bags for return to customers. We processed nearly all customer refunds and have completed more than 80% of the reimbursement requests we've received from customers for reasonable expenses related to alternative transportation. We're processing the remaining requests as quickly as possible and plan to have those largely completed by next week. We will continue working hard every day until all requests are resolved. Turning to our trends. At our Investor Day in early December, we shared that our fourth quarter revenue outlook remains strong. Leisure revenue trends were strong, both in load factors and yields and for both holiday and nonholiday time periods.  Managed business revenues also continue to be strong, and all of that held true right up to the operational disruptions that began on December 21, and we were tracking right in line with our operating revenue guidance to that point. But in the last 10 days of the month, we incurred an estimated $410 million revenue penalty due to the operational disruptions. As the end of December is typically a low demand period for business travel, we experienced less of an impact on business travel trends than with leisure. We still came in at the better end of our managed business revenues fourth quarter guidance range at down 20% compared with fourth quarter of 2019. And despite the $410 million impact, we still generated record fourth quarter revenues of $6.2 billion and a record passenger yield of $0.177. We saw other positive contributors in the fourth quarter from our loyalty program with fourth quarter records and new co-brand card acquisitions and retail sales. In addition, we benefited from the continuation of increased take rates for upgraded boarding, and our portfolio of new cities and development markets also performed in line with expectations in fourth quarter, absent the event. So in all, there was plenty to be encouraged by in terms of underlying trends in the fourth quarter. We continue to feel good about our 2023 revenue plan. Admittedly, we are starting off first quarter with a $300 million to $350 million headwind, which we assume is attributable to the operational disruptions in December. However, booking trends have improved sequentially this month, and we believe the vast majority of the first quarter impact is isolated to January and February travel. For March 2023, leisure booking and yield trends appear strong and in line with what we would expect from a high-demand travel month. And based on recent improvements in close-end booking trends, we expect March 2023 managed business revenues to be roughly restored to pre-pandemic 2019 levels. Beyond that, we expect that our GDS and Southwest business initiatives will provide the opportunity to grow managed business revenues sequentially beyond March. So we are optimistic about both the improving sequential trends we're seeing as well as the early read on March bookings. And based on these trends, we currently expect first quarter operating revenues to increase in the range of 20% to 24% year-over-year. And then finally, while we have limited visibility further out on the booking curve, we continue to see no noticeable signs of a slowdown in macro travel demand and our booking trends. Our commercial focus areas and initiatives that we outlined at Investor Day remain unchanged. We continue to focus on driving value from network restoration, new market maturation, Southwest business and GDS, our new fare product, revenue management system modernization and in-flight customer experience enhancement.  In closing, I want to acknowledge that we are mindful that we have a few new headwinds in 2023, both on the revenue and the cost side. And as a result, we will continue to work even harder on our revenue plans and revenue generation this year. Ultimately, we need to offset higher costs, and revenue is part of that equation. We still believe there is strong demand ahead of us, and we're encouraged by the revenue trends we currently see in March.  So with that, I turn it back over to Ryan Martinez.
Ryan Green: Yeah. I'll just give some additional color here. The first quarter is a tale of two halves. In the first quarter -- the first half of the quarter is very low demand time period, and that was impacted by the cancellations like Bob mentioned. And then it's just very tough with the hangover from the operational event kind of the first couple of weeks in January to get real traction.  We did not want -- if you go out and look at the fares that we have published for this time period, there are regular kind of routine promotional fares. We didn't think it would help to be overly promotional in this time period. But then when you get into the second half of the quarter and President's Day and beyond and kind of into March, as Bob mentioned, both loads and yields look like we were on plan. March right now is roughly 40% booked. So that's enough to give us a good read on the month. And if you just kind of take the load and yields where they sit today and project that out forward and kind of what we would expect from here and what that implies for March overall, I think we're going to be very pleased with the performance in the month of March. So we're not seeing any sort of elevated cancellation rates for March. As Bob mentioned, March performed very well, responded very well to the sale. And so it just feels like it's -- we're kind of back on plan here in March. And then if you look at managed business travels, it's very early in the managed business travel booking curve, but those -- what we can see, those also look encouraging. So yeah, so the second half of the quarter, I think we're going to hopefully get back to the momentum we were seeing in the fourth quarter before the event. And we'll continue to monitor customer sentiment as we go forward here. But yeah, the customers expect us to do the right thing here, but largely, they're loyal and sticking with us.
Ryan Green: It was a little hard to hear. It was a little hard to hear there, but I think that the question was really relative to the industry and performance do we expect to price any differently. I think we're not going to comment on forward pricing here beyond what's kind of out there on the shelf and what you all can see. But what I will say is that the go-to-market and promotional plan that we have executed thus far and thus far in this year is the exact same go-to-market and promotional plan that we had relative to before the event.  So we're approaching things kind of per normal here. And I would expect, as we kind of get back on the plan in March and beyond, I expect that it will be just a normal year here in terms of how we manage things going forward. Yields -- loads and yields have been very strong. Going back to the post-Omicron environment last year, we had record yields in the fourth quarter even despite the event, and those yields would have been higher without the event. So we're -- it's a strong fare environment now, and I expect that to continue.
Ryan Green: Yeah, Conor, it's Ryan. Of course, immediately following the events, in the days following the event, we were out there talking to kind of general consumers but also talking to corporate travel managers to make sure we had a really good handle on sentiment and what they were needing to hear from us. And so -- and those conversations have continued. We're getting direct feedback from them as well. And from a corporate travel standpoint, as you would expect, they outlined the need for us to be open and transparent about our mitigation plans, what we're doing to ensure that this doesn't happen again, making sure that we have plans in place to take care of customers and that we keep them regularly updated. And of course, we're doing all of those things. We're out in the field talking to them all of the time to making sure that they understand what we're doing. When we ask them about their plans for 2023, the vast majority of those corporate travel managers say that they do not plan to reduce the level of flying on Southwest this year, which I think is a positive sign there. And then when you just look at the bookings from the managed business side as they've come in here in the first quarter, for sure, there was an impact in January. It was -- those first couple of weeks of the year. Those are big booking months. The hangover was real given the proximity to the event. So there was definitely a hangover or there was an impact in January and some into the first part of February as well. But when I look at February bookings and kind of where we're -- what we're trending towards here, and we're kind of getting into the meat of the booking curve for managed business travel. So we've got a good look at it. February is much better than January. In fact, I think February is sequentially better. It will likely turn out that February is going to be sequentially better than where we ended in the fourth quarter. And then, of course, as we get to March, we're expecting that we're roughly back to pre-pandemic levels on the managed business side.  So we've got -- we're certainly focused on that market. That's a big part of our plans for the year, and we'll keep after it. But as we get further into the quarter here, I'm encouraged by how resilient they've been.
Ryan Green: Well, I think I'm not quite sure if I'm getting your question but I don't please redirect me. So the system is what we call Sky Solvers. It's called something else by the manufacturer. It had a functional gap I talked about. We are putting in a fix to that. We call it -- upgrade. You will now have the functionality to be able to solve the past crew member problem such that they don't hamper us in the future. Now this is not something that we -- our crew members would be -- in their unions would be happy that we fixed this problem because they didn't like the result of having to fix in there. And so I think from that perspective, they would like -- they want to get the job done, so to speak. As far as the culture, we're in mediation. We're in negotiations in the final stages. And so that's always noisy, if you will. They would like certain changes, and where it's coming down to is a lot of the changes they're asking for on the scheduling side, and this was a scheduling issue. And so it kind of dovetailed nicely for them to be able to kind of give input on it. And I think those things we can improve upon, and we're happy to take those suggestions.  And we actually have a big confab with them coming up here in a couple of weeks where they're going to come in and get our subject matter experts together and talk about how we can improve on the scheduling front. And I even sat down at one of the other unions yesterday, the day before, for the same reason. So we welcome their input. We want to establish a good professional relationship for them of how we can jointly improve. And so maybe this is a silver lining as we can start down that path.
Ryan Green: We've already said for this, once a report comes out and now identify areas we need to improve upon, we will work with them to jointly develop solutions in the applicable areas for them. So I think we're committed to them be part of the solution as we look to take advantage of the lessons learned reported. 
Ryan Green: And Dawn -- not necessarily with those points, some of them with those points and some of them being cash, just future travel.
Ryan Green: Well, the entire contract's been for a while. We're in mediation, which hopefully, as Bob said, means we're towards the tail end of it, and it's not -- we would certainly be open to that if they want to do that. They've not told us that they want to do that. But if they want a site agreement before based on just communications, we will certainly do that. But right now, the approach has been to have that incorporated into this final push of the current contracts, and I think that's wise and practical for us to work on. So we're happy either way. But right now, we've seen no indication than the current path. .
Andrew Watterson: No, I think this functional gap was also -- other airlines use the software, and they had not asked for that gap to [be covered] (ph) there. So it was new for us. It's new for this tool at GE Digital has sold to not just us. And so it's not a common practice. It gets so far behind on issues resolved. In this situation, it did. We have a lot of medium-sized cities that are in the swathe of the weather. And we saw, as we got increased stress in the operation because of the cold weather, it led to incremental cancellations we talked about.  We precanceled, as we always do, in large weather events. But then the larger that impacted -- larger-than-expected distress in the operation from the weather led us to more cancellations closer in, and that's what gave us a problem, which manifested in this kind of past issue that the solver could not take care of.
Andrew Watterson: I'd also say if you -- if one was worried about, can you operate this level of capacity, you would expect that to show up in your operating performance. And I mentioned that we were number two through Monday. I just got sitting here the updated numbers through yesterday, and we're number one in the industry in OTP for the month of January. For the month of December, we were number five out of 10 airlines even with the disruption, and we're number four going into the disruption, and we were number three during Thanksgiving, number three to the month of November. So it's obvious that we're able to operate the capacity that we have out there. It's not sitting out -- the fact we're above average in the industry with regard to that. So not showing that as a root cause. We're hesitant to make adjustments given that we think it could also be helpful as we go forward. But once again, we're going to get down to the root causes. And then when they show up, we will take actions based on the root causes. There's lots of solutions that people want to throw out there to us. But when you kind of take action on a potential solution and you don't understand if it addresses the problem, all you're doing is wasting resources and not necessarily addressing the problem. So we want to bottom out the problem even though it takes a little bit longer than people would like and then address those problems so it doesn't happen again.
Andrew Watterson: Yeah. I wouldn't call it a GE Digital issue. That software, that solver they sell to us and others performs well in normal times. This is a use case that nobody defined for them. So -- in their defense, the software worked fine. Now we did get to a bad spot there.  With regards to our cancellation percentages, yesterday was 6%, there was snow in Midway. So Midway has specific operational restrictions. It's very tight quarters. And so when you have de-icing and winds coming from the wrong direction, it's prudent to be a little more cautious, and we cancel a little bit more because it was a low time of season, as Ryan talked about, a low time of year. So we could reaccommodate all those customers that were canceled out of Midway on the subsequent flights because we canceled them the day before. So we ended up beating our competitors by 20 points of OTP yesterday. They canceled less, but they delayed then hundreds of thousands of customers by canceling fewer. We made hundreds of thousands of customers on time, and a handful that had their flight cancel that were accommodated. So overall, we believe we gave a superior customer service yesterday. The day before that, that same-store system generated severe thunderstorms in Houston, including tornadoes near Houston Holiday that even put the ATC tower down for a while. We had zero percent cancels in Houston for that and -- for that day because we have the infrastructure there to handle it. Up North, the carrier that operates out of Intercontinental canceled 20% of their flights in that day to handle it. So in that situation, a very flattering compare. But once again, I imagine they would say they have infrastructure issues. They're different than Hobby. So a lot of times, those percentages look deceiving if it's about a specific airport in particular. And so you have to look at the environment that's caused you to cancel, you have to be safe and understand how you commit your customers. Net-net, it resulted in a very flat and on-time performance for us yesterday and pushed us over the edge to be number one for the industry. So I think that's a quality product. The customers love it. NPS score is good for that kind of stuff. And so I think that's what our customers want to see.
Andrew Watterson: I'd say in the NOTAM day, as I mentioned in my remarks, we didn't push before the ground stop. So basically, that means we got a much later start because we were being safe, and we wanted the FAA to tell us that, that was validated before we pushed because of how we read the regulations. Therefore, we ended up with more cancellations that day, a significant number more than some of our competitors there. And so that inflates the numbers for January overall. But once again, it was safe and we ended up being set up nicely for the next day.  And then lastly, when you look at our competitors, don't forget, they outsource 40% to 50% of the departures to some low wage regionals on behalf. Customer doesn't realize that. So when they give you a number that says, cancel this many, make sure you're including all the branded operations, not just their ma inline.
Andrew Watterson: I'd say we know what happened to the last on the fall as I call it. We've put in place with urgency. And that was the urgency we had, make sure the same thing doesn't repeat itself. So we have the safeguards for that same thing not to repeat itself, but we think there could be common root causes. That's why when we take the time between the weather starting and us getting to that kind of position with our crew scheduling software. Lots of decisions were made, lots of coordination between ground operations, our control center, our crew scheduling. Lots of equipment that was used to handle cold weather. Something in there in that sequence of events led us to the spot where we were at the end. And so immediately protect that situation to not happen again and then follow the string upstream to find the series of actions that led us to there and resolve those. And so that's what we're taking the time to do. It's a couple of weeks. I think it's worthwhile to take a few weeks since we have the kind of emergency stuff done to find those root causes that you can address, and that may require incremental spending or maybe incremental management effort, and we shall see. But we certainly have intention and plans to have that start up right away after that report is done.
Andrew Watterson: I don't think interlining changes. If we had interlining there, then there may be some subset of customers that we could have reaccommodated. But other airlines were full this time of year as well. So we would have still had the same event. We still would have in this discussion even if we had interlining.  Now domestic interlining has prohibited the scope agreement with our pilots. So we have to get scope relief to do that. But should they accommodate us there and we put an interline, that made the margin help with some level of disruption, but you would still have the large, large majority of people would not have been accommodated through a direct interline.
Andrew Watterson: Yeah. I think crew communication was a problem during the event, not the problem. So we definitely want to improve that. We have some means, consistent with the current contracts, to have some level of electronic communication with our flight crews. Both have learned from this. I think we will incorporate that in our negotiations. I think we will wait until we finish the negotiations before we kind of design the next generation of electronic communication tool with our crews because it must respect the contractual agreement.  So I think this event will get us all aligned on the need for improving that. And once we get that ironed out in the open contracts, then we'll go and develop the next generation of that electronic communication.
Andrew Watterson: I can't recall off the top of my head. I don't want to give you a number for fear of being wrong. We have, in the past -- this comes up a lot. We've put into our schedules in like test areas of the region out and back. So we did this in Midway, I think, three years ago or four years ago. And so we put this around the system to see if that improves anything by increasing out and back to certain percentages, and we haven't found that to be the case. We found other things we can put into our schedule to help with on-time performance. And part of the move actually with the moving network planning and our control center under one roof is because it is difficult to nail down how to incorporate recoverability into your schedule, even though everyone seems to have an opinion. We know we can incorporate crew needs overall. We've gotten very good at that, maintenance needs, ground-up needs. We can model to a good level of detail the predicted on-time performance for a schedule. But how does one define what's a recoverable schedule is actually more difficult to contact design than you might imagine. So bringing the two groups together, we can create a tighter feedback loop through smaller continuous improvement efforts to test and learn smaller iterations of recoverability built into the network is the design -- the desire behind this idea of moving them under one organization, and they've already started that. We'll see cross-pollination of people who work on our control center now working in our network planning to help design schedules, people who design schedules, doing a tour in the control center to learn what's like to operate it. And so we think that tighter linkage should help us incrementally improve recoverability into the schedules. But we're definitely -- all years about doing that but they kind of out and back is something that gets thrown around. And really, we haven't seen how that can have a direct cause and effect improvement.
Andrew Watterson: So in aggregate, we'll have less hiring this year than last year. And that's true for every work group except for pilots. And so as we've mentioned before, we are pilot constrained in our flying. We're not flying all of the aircraft where we could. We're producing all the ASMs we could right now because of the number of pilots not the productivity of pilots.  And so as we run our training plan here this year, by the end of next -- excuse me, the back half of this year, we've told you before that we will no longer be pilot-constrained. And that's when we'll start using our full fleet, which is why you see the kind of pop-up in capacity there in the back half of the year. The groups we've kind of pre-hired, they don't have as long as the training footprint as pilots do. So therefore, the proficiency they get is on the job, so to speak, for some of them. And that's why you see if you ever look out the window and airport and see a different color vests. Those are people who are still in training but OJT trainings, those who are fully proficient. And so you want them to be out in the network now taking some repetitions, if you will, so that when the capacity comes later in the year, they've had more experience. So that's why you'll see the numbers coming down as capacity goes up later in the year.
Andrew Watterson: It may not just be IT. It could be equipment. So we're not prejudging all the extra spend would be IT. It could be the case that we need new or different de-icing trucks or some other infrastructure at the airport. So there is non-tech work that is likely to come out of this. It's not just tech. There was some tech shortcomings that we've addressed, and there could be more tech we do to get ourselves even better. But I think -- there will also be some other equipment and other kind of operating changes we make that don't fall in the technology realm.
Andrew Watterson: Well, the reason we do the work is to find the problem. I know we'd like to know it now and not later, but that's the point of it, respectfully. But we know that the -- when this kind of functional gap showed up was because you had a lot of close-in cancels. As I mentioned earlier, we frequently -- if we're seeing a storm come in, you do cancels in advance. So I cancel today for tomorrow, just like we did, yes, recently with Midway. And so that we had done for the storm. Then we got ourselves in a position where we're making lots of cancels close in. And as Bob mentioned, from the 23rd, which was still a weather event and towards the 24th or a transition to a crew event, sometime in that time frame, this level of closing cancels led us to get behind and then we lost the use of the automation. And when we lose use of the automation, there's just not enough hours in the day for the crew schedules to catch up manually. They almost did a couple of times, but we know, ultimately, we didn't. And so then the question becomes, well, what were the sequence of events that led to that point. We've had a lot of these close-in cancels. That is what we're trying to get to the bottom of so we can address that. And so we don't know that right now. So that's why we don't give you a very clear answer on that specific thing, even though we understand where ultimately that led to.
Andrew Watterson: I'm not necessarily saying versus others. I mean for ourselves, we have a lot of close-in cancels, and that's what led to our problem is what we believe at this point in time. I've not done a comparative that I have in front of me that I can tell you that -- what the others did at the same time, that will also be part of the work that we'll look at as well. But as far as what I can see right now, what I'm suspecting at this point in time is that was the sequence. But once again, you need to kind of dig into it with both interviewing people to understand who did what when, so to speak, with the interviews and then also with the data to corroborate that, that was actually what happened. So it's -- I wouldn't call it tedious, but it's detailed work to fit that picture all together and come out with a time line that shows with good fidelity and backed up with data of what happened and what that led to.
Andrew Watterson: We have a couple that are ongoing at different levels of maturation, if you will. So we just finished up with the maintenance replacement just recently. That was a big event. We're in the middle of upgrading our ground ops infrastructure, so one of our efforts you may have seen it from Investor Day, a paperless turn. So we're upgrading -- and that comes in so many releases, some of which have already deployed and now allow us to eliminate all of our paper in our turn. That's part of -- modernizing operation within our control center. And we have an operation system and a flight planning system. Both of those have RFPs that have already been completed, and the work has been awarded. And then in our cruise system, we have just completed an RFI, which is what you do before you do an RFP. And so we'll get the results of that and great lessons learned from this event and then with the next step on the crew stuff. So each of the big operating areas has tech workers underway. And as you would expect, some are further ahead than others.
Andrew Watterson: Yeah, we saw that. And we know, as Bob said, we messed up, and that will include scrutiny from regulators and like officials. So we understand that, and we'll cooperate fully. As I mentioned in one of the analyst reviews, if you -- if one were worried about with your schedule operable, then you'd expect to see poor on-time performance for reliability. And to the contrary, really well before the Christmas vacation, including Thanksgiving vacation in November, we've been running above average in the industry, culminate even being number one this month. So you don't see the signs of a schedule that is out of whack with the resources ability to operate given our strong operating performance over the last three months.
Andrew Watterson: Thank you. As we mentioned earlier, there's an upgrade already in our test system from GE Digital. So the upgrades in there. We haven't even talked costs. I don't not sure if it's going to cause us anything or not, but it will be upgraded here in the production in a few weeks' time, and we think this addresses the shortcoming we have for the specific instance.
Andrew Watterson: As I mentioned earlier, that was a problem. We have been a problem, it wasn't the problem for the situation. It was a symptom of the problem. And so our contracts with our crews right now require telephone calls in these situations. In other situations, we have some level of electronic communication available now. We will make incremental improvements to that. Some have already been deployed now and some will be deployed in the next few months. But to have a more comprehensive electronic communication requires changes to the contract with the crew members. Those are open right now. We're discussing it with our unions. And should they agree, then we will develop new crew communication tools consistent with the contract for development as soon as practical.
Andrew Watterson: Right now, we've seen no general capacity constraints to our operation and at Harry Reed International. It's normal as an airline -- an airport grows that you work on expand capacity in different areas. You work on taxiways, you work on bag systems. These are all normal course of business and Harry Read seems to have a good plan and execute upon that in coordination with the airline. So we're happy about that.  I will note that Las Vegas has been so successful in attracting new attractions. We do see a lot of general aviation or private aircraft in the weekends that kind of add a surge of demand. But other than that, we see no changes to the environment.
Bob Jordan: And Ravi, the only other thing not to go on but I'll add is just the -- this was a significant event. We disrupted thousands and thousands of customers at a critical point in time and really made a mess here for our employees and our customers. And I can't apologize enough for that. And I own that, and we will do everything it takes to ensure that we don't have an event like that again, which is why we're doing short-term things that Andrew talked about. We've got this assessment coming here in weeks from Oliver Wyman and we will take the learnings there and implement those. So you -- but just at the end of the day, that kind of disruption cannot happen again.
Bob Jordan: And you obviously have the -- one of our strategic initiatives is the new Chase agreement, and we're seeing strong Rapid Rewards redemptions here right now as well, which is helping.
Bob Jordan: Yeah. And if you take the data in January is very way down the weeds here, but it's very polluted by the January 11 NOTAM issue, where there were all kinds of issues as well. for most of -- prior to the day you're talking about here, most of the day, I think the 15 days or so prior to that, we were 99 -- in the 99-plus a couple of several days in the 99.9% completion factor range, several days canceling one flight. So you just have to watch the aggregate because if you have an anomaly in a day that's very different, like the day Andrew described or the NOTAM day, it will throw that -- it will throw it off. Obviously, you know that.
Bob Jordan: I think the urgency is across the board. There's nothing -- everything is on the table. And as Andrew pointed out, we went through in these remarks, we have things that we're doing right now, early warning dashboards, staffing up, crew scheduling, we're looking at de-icing procedures top to bottom.  We're buying more in covers for extremely cold weather. We're looking at fuel mixes for ground equipment when you have sub-zero temperatures on and on and on. We're also waiting patiently here. And it will be weeks, not months, to get the Oliver Wyman report to understand root causes and what we need to do there. But we will do everything that it takes whether that is buying engine covers, technology changes, whatever that list may be to ensure that this kind of event doesn't happen again.  I disconnect contracts because the -- we've had -- we've made great progress. We've got -- we've gotten 5 agreements here in the last couple of months with our unions. I'm very, very proud of that -- and our negotiators, and I'm very proud of our union partners. We have a couple more to go. We're making, I think, really good progress. We have two of those that are in mediation. Pilot applied attendance. That mediation process is a defined process controlled by the mediator. The mediator controls the schedule, the meeting times, the meeting dates, but we're making progress in both of those as well. We're eager to finish those up. Our employees are terrific. We're going to -- we've always paid well and we're going to pay well. We're going to have market competitive compensation. You know that. We know that, and our employees know that. So I am eager to wrap those up, but mediation is a process.
Bob Jordan: And then I know we're going on and on. It's just so important. The last thing I would add is that we -- while this event was something significant and something we are absolutely not proud of, we've got a 51-year history of operating really, really well. We were operating really well prior to this event. We had good performance in '22 leading up to December 21, good performance at the holidays, Thanksgiving, Labor Day, et cetera. So never forget that we are -- we haven't always -- always will be a terrific operator. The main point here is we will attack this head on whatever we need to work on here. Especially once we understand the OW report, we will attack it with a sense of urgency. We will boost our spending, if that's technology if we need to, but we will do everything to double down to make sure that this does not happen again. It's critical.
Bob Jordan: Duane, this is Bob. I'll just start and then Andrew has got a lot more detail than I do, but I think I'd break it into two pieces. We have electronic notification in place for our crews. And there's more work to do there in terms of there's all kinds of things that you use electronic notification for. But that's -- yes, there's been some report that that's out in place. It's absolutely in place. What we need to work on is the -- and it's a contractual change electronic acknowledgment. So that's which I believe Andrew does not require -- in other words, to know that, that has been acknowledged, for example, accepting a crew reroute. That's a contractual change to do that. Obviously, to -- for the operation, you have to know not simply that it was delivered electronically, but it was acknowledged and it's going to happen. So there is work to do. There is some work to do on the electronic notification, but we do have that capability. But there's also, I think, even more work to do on the contractual piece of this, which is the acknowledgment. And obviously, those two contracts are open, and that's a piece of what our negotiators and teams are working on. But Andrew, if you want to add.
Bob Jordan: Savi, it's Bob. Absolutely. And then, Andrew, if you want to chime in, just in terms of where. But the -- yes, there's obviously timing to hire and their timing to train and become proficient, especially in certain areas like the ramp. And so it's a piece of why we actually came in above our targeted hiring for '22 is to get ahead of that for '23. So some of that will be front loaded a bit in '23 as we prepare for capacity in the back half. Our hiring in '23, the plans right now, I think we hired just over 11,000 in '22 net. It's roughly 7,000 net in '23. So it actually falls roughly 40%, again, because there's a piece of the '22 hiring that was a setup for '23. And again, we don't -- there's no evidence that we were not staffed for the holidays or that we're not currently staffed. We are well staffed. The one exception in terms of the change from year-over-year pilots, we hired net roughly, I think, just under 1,000 pilots in '22. The plan is to hire net roughly 1,700, I think, in '23. So that actually is increasing. Our classes, we'll watch them every single day. We're just down meeting with potential new hires earlier this week. We're having no trouble attracting terrific pilots to Southwest Airlines, no trouble filling classes. There's been some discussion of attrition, are you seeing higher attrition in our pilot area. Our attrition last year, I think, in our flight ops group was under 1%. We've got a lot more new hires, which you would expect it to be a little bit elevated there. But it's, again, under 1% and roughly normal. So we're not seeing any issue attracting pilots to Southwest Airlines. But Andrew, I don't know if you want to talk any more detail about just where.
Bob Jordan: Yeah. We have -- for your first question, yes, I think that's captured in the ranges that we provided, number one. And two, the technology spend in total was already increasing from 2022 -- and then three, your technology support is always a mix of employees and contractors and third parties that we use in terms of development. So yeah, we have the ability to flex as needed.
Bob Jordan: And again, I think the range is wide. I think all of that would be captured in the CapEx range that we provided.
Bob Jordan: And I just -- just add that. Yes, you've seen a lot of the news that there are things that our unions have said that we have asked for, for years quote unquote and things like to work on notification. And we agree, there's work to do on notification. I just want as you know, we agree with them, and that work is going on in negotiations here. And I'm optimistic that we'll get there. Second, we've got this all of our Wyman report that will wrap up here quickly, and it's a comprehensive review, and it's a wide-ranging collaborative review with a lot of parties, parties that were involved, including the frontline in Denver, for example, and the NOC and leaders that were involved. But we're also including our union leadership in that work to gather their feedback as well because they're valued partners, and we want to listen and understand. And then as Andrew said, you've got things that are more wrapped up in negotiation like scheduling rules that I don't know that I attached to the event and the operational disruption. That's a normal part of negotiations, just like compensation. But -- and we'll be moving through that as we continue to move through mediation.  But no, we value our union partners, and we're listening to them certainly in terms of their viewpoints of what happened in our December issues.
Bob Jordan: And Dawn, I'll just add one more thing here. The -- and those customers that were most severely impacted that we issued the gesture of goodwill for, we issued those Rapid Reward points roughly three weeks ago. And when we look at those customers today, 25% of them already have future travel booked on Southwest Airlines. So -- and in 3 weeks, that's really pretty good. So I think that it is a -- I take that as a sign of confidence that customers understand. They understand that we messed up there. We did everything that we could to make it right and that fourth of them already have future travel booked on Southwest.
Bob Jordan: Dawn, just the fact -- I think it changes day to day, but on the reimbursements, which are obviously the most complicated thing around, I think our goal -- we're tracking to be 95% complete by tomorrow and then have them all wrapped up by next -- probably early next week. So we're moving through them very quickly.
Bob Jordan: It's really our investment and ongoing support of the -- of our technology infrastructure, including all investments, but it's not the customer investments like the WiFi on the aircraft.
Bob Jordan: And Kyle, that $1.3 billion is across the enterprise. There's a lot of commercial systems that are being upgraded and invested in as well. So it's across the enterprise.
Bob Jordan: And just generally, there's a lot of talk about hearings and, obviously, the coordination with the DOT. And we're obviously coordinating and cooperating with our oversight committees. And I mean we welcome the discussion. We welcome the focus on the resiliency of the aviation system. We've had several personal conversations with the Secretary just in terms of how we're doing and our focus on our customers and his focus on customers as well, and we're aligned, obviously there. So we would -- we'll support all of this, as you would expect.
Bob Jordan: And just to get a reminder that this GE system, Sky Solver, it's an industry tool that many airlines use. It performs well, and it performed as it should. And even in our event, what was revealed was this requirement that no one has ever seen, we would ever seen, where the -- you have this need to solve past problems because there are so many problems coming and just volume coming out of the system. And working with GE, they have put a fix in place and now in test in weeks, I mean, a record time. So the software, again, it's industry standard crew scheduling or rescheduling software that we and others use, and it did perform as intended during the event.
Tammy Romo: Jamie, we're doing our best to include the total cost to get these labor agreements over the finish line here. So as we shared back in December, the environment is dynamic, and we're continuously evaluating that. But our estimates include the total cost, I guess, is a better way to say that, to wrap up our contracts as well as recently, of course, ratify contracts.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. And on the financial impact, as we shared in the release, the total cost impact was $390 million for the fourth quarter. And the lion's share of that was the customer reimbursements and the Rapid Reward points that we offer to our -- and that we expect to be redeemed. So there was a much smaller portion that related to premium pay that we paid to our employees.  So the lion's share of that was the customer reimbursements in Rapid Reward points. We haven't given the specific dollar amount of that, but it was probably roughly 50-50 between those two categories.
Tammy Romo: The technology spend, yeah, it would include all -- everything that you referenced. And again, the $1.3 billion includes technology, the upgrades and the ongoing maintenance of the system. The -- but the WiFi piece of that, it does not include. So that would be incremental.
