Julia Landrum: Thank you so much. And welcome everyone to our third quarter 2023 conference call. In just a moment, we will share our prepared remarks and then jump into Q&A. On the call with me today, we have our President and CEO, Bob Jordan; Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Ryan Green; and Chief Operating Officer, Andrew Watterson. A quick reminder that we will make forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectation of future performance, and our actual results could differ materially from expectations. We also reference our non-GAAP results, which exclude special items that are called out and reconciled to GAAP results in our press release. Please refer to the disclosures in our press release from this morning and visit our Investor Relations website for more information. With that, Bob, I’ll turn it over to you.
Julia Landrum: Thank you, Andrew. We have analysts queued up for questions. So, a quick reminder to please keep your questions to one and a follow-up, if needed. Please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Julia Landrum: Okay. That concludes the analyst portion of our call. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day.
Bob Jordan: Well, thanks Julia and good morning everyone. Before we jump into the financials, I wanted to acknowledge that there have been heart wrenching challenges around the world the past several months. And we’ve had natural disasters in the communities that we serve. Earlier this quarter, I visited our team in Maui and witnessed firsthand the impact from the catastrophic wildfires on the island. Our hearts go out to all those who are suffering, and we’re really proud of the support we are providing including the volunteer efforts of our employees. Now moving to the results, operating revenues for the third quarter were just over $6.5 billion, up nearly 5% from the same period last year and a third quarter record. Despite the recent uptick in fuel prices and other inflationary pressures, we are again profitable with net income of $240 million excluding special items. Revenue strength was driven by solid leisure demand throughout the quarter and by managed business continuing to come in largely as expected, and Ryan will share more details with you, but overall, demand remains healthy. As we close out this quarter and look ahead to the end of the year, we are very pleased with our accomplishments. We are running a great operation, reaching significant milestones, completing important initiatives, and delivering great customer experience enhancements. We’re making great progress on labor agreements including yesterday’s announcement of a tentative agreement with our incredible flight attendants. The team will walk you through many of these accomplishments, but for now, I want to talk to you about immediate actions we are taking to adapt to the current demand environment and solidify our path to operational and financial excellence. Perhaps the biggest milestone is completion of our network restoration plan in the fourth quarter of this year. Reaching this milestone has obviously been a year’s long effort and has taken heroic coordination across the entire organization. It’s just incredibly challenging and I am so appreciative of every single employee. It truly was a whole company accomplishment. With this behind us, however, we are set up really well to focus on optimizing our business. That starts with reflowing the fleet order book to support orderly growth, and to that end, we just announced a new order book with our partner, Boeing, yet another milestone. This sets us up for orderly and measured growth and gives us flexibility to adapt in a dynamic environment and we have a lot of options as we move forward and we will plan in a way that allows us both the flexibility to move up or down, and this order book combined with opportunities to retire -700s and modernize our fleet supports that really well. Finally, as we move into 2024, we are carefully evaluating the current macro environment and post-pandemic travel behaviors to create the best possible plan for the Company. We are now planning for a sequential quarter-over-quarter decline in nominal ASMs in the first quarter 2024. This will result in capacity growth on a year-over-year basis of approximately 10% to 12%, all of which is carryover from growth this year. Note that this is a reduction from what we shared in July which was an expectation to grow approximately 14% to 16% on a year-over-year basis. In the back half of 2024, we expect a nominal decline in seats relative to the same period in 2023. Therefore, for the full year, our network plan will focus on absorbing current capacity, maturing development markets, and designing schedules for current travel patterns. This plan offers us the ability to redirect the teams that have worked so effectively to get us staffed and restored to now focus on better optimizing the operation. We will be relentless in our focus to wring out inefficiencies, drive productivity, increase reliability, and our goal to return margins to historic levels. We are still hard at work on both our 2024 and long-term plans, but we are building them with a priority and a focus on generating value, value for our employees, value for our customers, and of course, value for our shareholders. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tammy.
Bob Jordan: But again, the new order is all about reflowing this so that the growth is orderly and steady and we have access to a lot of aircraft at attractive pricing and we have a lot of flexibility.
Bob Jordan: And of course, for everybody, I mean, the labor cost increases are -- that’s a phenomenon we are all seeing as we all renegotiate contracts and some of the timing is different for folks, but those are going to be costs that I think you’re going to see generally across the board. It always takes -- they’re coming in a lump. And it always takes time to adapt to the higher cost structure and as you move across a period of time. The good thing is back to the network work. We are very committed to taking network action. We had already announced last quarter a full restructuring of the network that is going to yield over $500 million in pretax profit contribution in 2024. Beyond that now, we’re moderating the first quarter. We’re moderating the full year. Again, you’re going to have seats in the back half of the year that are actually going to be down nominally year-over-year. And all of that is designed to match the demand to the network and match the network to the demand, which should ultimately help revenue production, help RASM production.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I mean, again, we’re working on our 2024 plan, so we’re not ready to lay all that out. The last set of initiatives that we took you through several years ago, the $1 billion to $1.5 billion in EBIT this year are paying off, and we’ll have a next set. Some of those, I think, will make perfect sense. We have the ability to put flights into places where we can drive, obviously, operating leverage. So, those flight activities come on at lower CASM rates. We have some areas where we can continue to really push the generation of revenue outside the cabin. Obviously, that centers around the Rapid Rewards program development. And other areas, we have opportunities in terms of how we fly the aircraft and where we can drive up utilization and generate additional ASMs without having to take on capital costs on new aircraft. I’m just not -- we’re just not ready to share the whole plan with you. I’m just trying to convey that we’re hard at work, and there is a lot on the table. To your specific question about things in the cabin or boarding, I would go back to what Ryan said, which is we are going to follow the lead of our customers. And if our customers ultimately tell us that that is what they want, and that is what we will do. We’re not ready to -- obviously not ready to say that today. But our customers will dictate what is important to them, whether that’s an attribute of the product or things that are around boarding in the cabin. So again, don’t read too much into that, but just to understand that that is something that we are constantly taking a look at.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I would just add -- I understand. And just we will be absolutely relentless in meeting our goals. That includes driving out efficiency and productivity that includes improving the revenue side of the equation, and that includes driving ourselves back to industry-leading margins. You have my commitment.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Hey Leslie. We do -- we are finishing up restoration here. And so, we do have more seats to fill. I would characterize our promotional activity as being slightly more than normal. It’s definitely not a tectonic shift from how promotional we have been historically, but there is a little bit more. When we have been -- as we have put those fare sales out there, we use some fairly sophisticated tactics and strategies to be very surgical in where we drive the demand. So oftentimes, those sale fares -- well, always, those sale fares are available when we have distressed inventory to sell. And we keep the higher demand flights. The promotion is not applicable on the higher demand flights. So it allows us to drive load without diluting yields. Yes. I would just also point out to relative to your comment on really low fares out there. The fares -- our average fare in the third quarter was up 2.6%. So if we were being -- if we were having to overly discount, you wouldn’t expect average fares to be up. So, I think the strategy overall is working as designed. We’ve got a lot of seats to fill. We’re selling our distressed inventory through discounting and protecting our higher-yield flights.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Mary, I’ll talk and then Andrew and Ryan can finish, obviously, correct me. But yes, that really is why we are making the -- both the network adjustment and optimization that we had already announced that is in the first quarter that’s worth over $500 million in profit next year. And then this new set of capacity adjustments, both in the first quarter and then throughout 2024 in the nonpeak period. It’s really about the shoulder periods -- the nonpeak periods being more shoulder than before. So for example, some of that was backfilled by business travel, which, again, business travel is rising for us. It’s just steady. It’s just not fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels. But as an example, this reduction in January and February of 2024 next quarter, that is really all -- that’s as much about matching new business travel demand trends and patterns as it is anything. So that carries through 2024, but yes.
Tammy Romo: You covered everything really well, Bob. Just, Savi, to give you maybe just a little more color on where we’re seeing the obvious cost pressures. Clearly, as we’ve wrapped up a lot of agreements this year with our labor group, we have seen more inflation than normal in labor. And that’s driven by the higher wage rates. And we’ve been, as you know, accruing for those throughout the year. And then outside of labor, we’re -- we’ll see some inflationary pressures in maintenance as our 800 fleet is coming off of the holiday. So, just wanted you to keep that in mind as that wind down. But we are very -- all that said, we are focused in on our 2024 plan. We are going to work really hard here to drive efficiencies and certainly leverage our network opportunities. So, a little premature to give you guidance for the year, but we’re going to keep working really hard on our plan here to manage our CASM-X costs going forward. And we haven’t backed off of our Investor Day, what we shared with you at our 2022 Investor Day. Our longer term goal is to grow CASM-X in the low single digit range, and that would be on mid single digit capacity growth.
Tammy Romo: Just to give you a little more help there, it really boils down to two factors. One is, we have moderated our capacity growth plans and we are continuing to see labor rate pressure. And just to really take you maybe through our fourth quarter cost profile to help you as you sort of model for first quarter. If you exclude the 15-point year-over-year disruption related impact to our fourth quarter CASM-X outlook, we would actually be down 1% to 4% year-over-year. And as Bob mentioned earlier, in terms of our cost profile, while we’ve had some structural cost increases here, our cost advantage relative to the industry and the legacy carriers is still very much intact. But if you move sequentially from fourth quarter, the cost headwinds are stemming mostly from overall inflation, namely labor cost. That is our most significant inflationary factor. And despite the labor accruals we’ve been recording -- we still expect year-over-year pressure next year from normal annual step -- and scale increases, as you would expect. And then just beyond those labor cost pressures, we anticipate continued year-over-year cost pressure by the accelerated depreciation related to our fleet modernization efforts and already mentioned maintenance costs. So again, the key reconciling item here is the fact that we’ve moderated our capacity plans for next year, which does put further pressure to our unit cost. But we are not done with our 2024 plan, and we’re not content with our cost outlook. So, we are rolling up our sleeves, and we’re going to keep working on and proving that outlook. So, that hopefully gives you a little bit more color into kind of the cost and what is sticky. And again, our focus now is on ringing out those cost inefficiencies and driving for better productivity as we moderate our growth plans next year. So, we’re going to stay hard at work on managing our costs. We have a great track record in doing that. And we’re determined to manage our costs as we have for our 50-plus history.
Tammy Romo: Yes. No, I thought that was very well said. But again, we know we have work to do, and we’re fully committed to delivering on a 2024 plan that enables our operational excellence. We’re going to drive operational efficiency. And as Bob said earlier, work both sides of the equation. So, stay tuned as we work through that. We’ll be back with more details. And I just do want to remind you, as we’ve already shared, the estimated benefit of our network optimization efforts along with the continued maturation of our development markets. We’re still working on our plans. And as we’ve shared, we do expect that to exceed $500 million in incremental year-over-year pretax profits next year. But clearly, more work ahead, and we’ll -- we’re hard at work for you.
Tammy Romo: Helane, we’re delivering on the initiatives. And obviously, that includes things like our fleet modernization, our investments in GDS, our new revenue management system, et cetera. And even what just -- but in terms of the initiatives, those are driving and those are tracking in line with what we’ve shared with you. And then we’re continuing to invest, as Ryan took you through. And those investments just drive more engagement from our customers that makes them more and more loyal. So the initiatives that we’ve shared with you are driving incremental value and we’re continuing to track in line with what we’ve shared with you. So, those are actually delivering. Now, that said, we’re not -- we’ve already shared with you -- we’re not satisfied with where we stand now going into 2024. But as we’ve shared, we’re just not ready to lay it all out for you today, but we are working on our 2024 plan, and we’ll certainly fill in more of the answers so that you can kind of see how it all weaves together here. So, stay tuned and more to come there.
Tammy Romo: Yes. You hit it all, Bob. Yes. We’re very thrilled to have wrapped up our discussions with Boeing. It’s everything Bob covered. And certainly, one of our key initiatives, just to add on is our fleet modernization efforts. So again, we believe this order book supports our quarterly growth plan and our fleet modernization initiative provides significant flexibility for us and also gives us a great path to retire our -700 fleet over the coming years. So, we are just thrilled to have a cost-effective order book that meets our needs going forward.
Ryan Green: Yes. The only thing I would add is historically, premium revenue has been one of the more cyclical items in the industry overall. So, the recovery from the pandemic has been a little bit different than other periods. So, we’re watching it closely. If we -- if there is some shift in consumer demand here that we need to take note of and evolve the product, we will. But I think you want to be very careful with that and study that very closely given the cyclical nature historically of premium revenue. But just like we have over our 50-year history, we listen to customers. We understand how -- what they’re demanding and preferences, how those change. And we’ve evolved our product over time and we’ll continue to do that as we go forward, as we need to.
Ryan Green: Yes, no problem. Yes, ancillary and loyalty were both. We had several records in the third quarter, and I expect good performance here as we look forward into the fourth quarter. Ancillary revenue is significantly outpacing our passenger growth, largely on the back of our upgraded boarding benefit. We’ve been able to increase prices there and hold on to take rates. EarlyBird as well is a strong performer. We’ve been able to increase price rate -- or prices on EarlyBird as well as some of our other ancillary products that went into effect in August. We raised prices on excess bag fees, pet fees, things like that. So ancillary, absolutely is a standout. And I think I’m expecting it to continue to exceed passenger growth in the fourth quarter. Loyalty overall, as you -- as I’m sure you’re following it, it’s a very -- it’s a key part of our strategy going forward. Rapid Rewards is the most preferred loyalty program in the industry on lots of different measures, primarily because customers are able to actually use the points that they’re earning. And so that’s driving spend on the card. Third quarter spend on the card was a record, and we expect to continue growing the program over time. We also made some additional changes to Rapid Rewards here earlier this month that I think is also going to continue to drive engagement from our customers. And it’s all about making it easier to get value out of the program for customers. We see when customers make a redemption, after that redemption, they fly us more, they spend more on their card. It just drives further engagement with Southwest Airlines. And so, doing things like adding the ability to combine cash and points, that’s all about making it easier to use Rapid Reward points, which will then in turn provide value back to Southwest. Same thing with lowering the tier requirements for A-List and A-List Preferred. We’re kind of bucking the industry trend there. Our competitors are making it harder to access benefits. We’re making it easier. And again, there’s value to the consumer there, but there’s also value back to Southwest. Customers stretch to reach A-List, A-List Preferred, Companion Pass. They fly more, they spend more on their cards as they get close to that. And so bringing those thresholds in closer makes it better for the customer, but it also drives value back to Southwest. So, we’ll continue to invest in Rapid Rewards and the program and ancillary overall. And I think we’ll -- we should expect to see continued growth.
Ryan Green: So, the way that we’ve designed the loyalty program and the value exchange from the customer and the number of Rapid Reward points that it takes to redeem, we are -- we’re indifferent whether or not the customer is flying for us on Rapid Reward points or paying cash. So, we’ve taken that equation kind of off the table. The change here really is post-pandemic the same number of customers are traveling for business today than what they were before, and then leisure customers are actually up. The difference and what the gap in managed travel is, is that those individuals are flying a bit less frequently. And so, what our change to make the threshold easier to achieve is really just capitalizing on that fact, bringing the threshold in earlier. And as I was just explaining, we’ll get benefit from that, too, because more customers will be able to stretch for A-List and A-List Preferred, which drives value back to us.
Ryan Green: It’s less about the markets in different geographies and more about travel patterns today. Tuesdays and Wednesdays are tougher, shoulder periods of the day are tougher. And so that inventory is a little -- that’s where a lot of the discounting is actually happening. We’re adapting to those travel patterns and trends as we move forward here with our network optimization starting after the first of the year to reduce some shoulder flying, reduce -- further reduce some Tuesday, Wednesday flying to help address that. But it’s more that than it is particular geographies.
Ryan Green: And at the risk of being redundant, which I probably am. All of these things are about tweaking the network and the business for new demand trends and behaviors that are caused by things like business being just below and not fully recovered or new trends coming out of the pandemic. There -- it’s not about there is a demand problem. So again, Southwest, we’re seeing, again, record operating revenues, record passengers, record Rapid Rewards participation on revenues, record retail spend on our card, record new members, on and on and on, and we’re expecting record operating revenues and passengers again in the fourth quarter. So it’s not as if we’re not generating demand. Southwest is generating a strong demand. It’s about getting that aligned more precisely with the new travel patterns and also just absorbing the rapid growth that we saw because we restored our network here in the back half of the year. And that just drove sequentially more seats, more capacity than normal. And now it’s time to mature that, absorb that, which is really why we’re stepping down and slowing our growth rate in ‘24 so that we can take the time to do that. But I just want to point out, to me, a lot this is -- while there’s work to do, a lot of this is tweaking and adjusting to the new trends. It’s not about we have a demand problem.
Ryan Green: Yes. Holiday bookings are strong. I made the comment earlier that if you look at where we sit today versus last year at this point in the curve for the December holiday period, specifically, were booked ahead, which I think is a vote of confidence that customers are beyond our operational disruption, and we’re not suffering any sort of demand weakness for the December holiday period. And I would just characterize the Thanksgiving period as strong as well. We’ve got a lot of capacity here over the -- in the fourth quarter that we’ll have to absorb. But I’m pleased with how the holidays are booking.
Andrew Watterson: Thanks, Mike. I appreciate the question. We -- as we mentioned earlier, we were -- we have relooked at our network and moved our capacity around. So, it’s both the amount of capacity and the nature of the capacity. We did both of those moves. First, we kind of were doing the nature with our reconfiguration that Tammy referenced earlier. And for Orlando, we do have a lot more northbound flights, if you will. The international destinations, even though they loom large in our mind, they actually are modest-sized markets that require a decent amount of connectivity to fill them up. And so, Orlando being a little bit further north and having more flights for Southwest Airlines north of Orlando allows us to have the good complement of the local plus the flow. So a lot of the international destinations were to take our customer base here on vacation because we are a repeat purchase business. And so, we want our network in any given location to offer chances to fly for business, to go to Orlando, to go to Vegas, to go see grandma, to go on vacation and the beach. And so sometimes that’s nonstop, sometimes that’s connecting. And for a lot of the international, it requires us to offer that as a connection for some of our kind of further northern cities. So, Orlando, the combination of the local market plus allowing us to access our big customer bases on the Upper Midwest and Northeast makes a more network sense given scarce capacity, if you will. So net-net, that made sense. And then also, as you mentioned, the crew base in Orlando also makes the costs to serve that go down because you’re not staging crews in down to Fort Lauderdale. So work on both sides of the equation, as Bob said, revenue and costs, it made more sense for our international anchor in the Southeast to be Orlando.
Andrew Watterson: No, I think this is -- during COVID, we had a kind of -- when demand was way down, and we have bigger aircraft, we don’t have a lot of RJs, we had to use more than usual connectivity to fill our aircraft. And then post-COVID, we went back to our normal, which is felt between 25% and 30% of our customers in our connecting itinerary, that’s been fairly stable, but they’re concentrated in certain areas, they help us fill up the early and late parts of the day and they also help us support certain geographies. So going to Hawaii, we have -- we have certain gateways there that allow us to access our customers in land access Hawaii. The same thing for international, a combination of Baltimore plus now Orlando helps you access international from parts of our network. So connectivity has always been the icing, not the cake, but we were very intentional about how we use it.
Andrew Watterson: I think I’ve been really encouraged over the last couple of months with both the pace and quality of negotiation meeting every week. Sometimes that’s with the mediators and sometimes that’s without the mediators. And so, we’ve made -- we’ve also had enhanced leadership negotiation from both sides, and leadership presence on negotiations from both sides, and that’s worked out really well. Our mediators have been quite active. And so, we have to have both sides agree to get to a deal. So no one side can predict when it’s going to finish. But we’ve made substantial progress with a small but a difficult list of things remaining to close out. And I have confidence in our team and the SWAPA and negotiating committed to be able to do that in a timely fashion. The mediator has -- barring no government shutdown, more dates for us throughout the rest of this month and next month. And I also would say that the also negotiations with our ramp union, TWU 555. And so hope to be engaged with them here in the next couple of weeks for next step there. So we can -- that would then be the last deal for us to close out.
Andrew Watterson: That was a month or so ago. I can’t recall exactly, Bob. But they’ve voted that one down. Their union, as most unions do, follow up with the surveys to understand where the frontline workers, the members did not like the proposed agreement. Based on that feedback, the union will develop a slate of changes. We will do that on our side as well. And then, we’ll get back together in early to mid-November to talk about next steps with them for the next round. We’re not in mediation with that. We have I think very productive negotiations without mediators with the 555 and we expect that to continue.
Andrew Watterson: You heard Bob -- Mary, this is Andrew, say that overall business travel is down maybe 10% or 15% versus 2019. So, it’s not like a guardrail to guardrail move. It’s just more a modest recalibration on network. So it is geared less -- a little bit less towards business, a little bit more towards leisure or mixed leisure business. Tuesday, Wednesday, which historically has been a more business travel heavy day will be much lower versus kind of Monday, Thursday, Friday. So, that was one big part of it. And also, if you look at certain cities, if you look at the route combinations, some routes would have predominantly business travel on it. And so, we’ve replaced those routes in those cities, ones that have kind of either pure leisure or a mix of leisure and business. So, it’s really a modest adjustment of the portfolio of routes as well as a kind of Tuesday, Wednesday reduction in overall capacity.
Andrew Watterson: I would just characterize it as we are moving back towards more pre-pandemic norms. Of course, managed business travel remains down relative to pre-pandemic levels. It’s -- the baseline in managed business is kind of slow and steady recovery, and we’re picking up market share with our initiatives in the managed business space. And so, we feel good about that. But when you turn to the leisure piece of this, there is still more close-in leisure today than there was pre-pandemic, but it is not at the level of what we saw earlier this year at the end of last year. So, I think it’s more of a reversing of trends here back to norms as kind of return to office trends and things like that also begin to change here a bit. I called it out in my prepared remarks, but specifically, in the third quarter, there’s other things that would have impacted close-in leisure. The school calendar changes are pretty significant in August specifically. And a third -- in our markets, a third of schools were back in session the second week of August. That’s double what it was pre-pandemic. And anybody that has kids, you usually don’t travel the week before your kids go back to school. So that kind of wipes almost all of August out there for a third of travel in our market. So there’s some things moving around in the macro environment that’s impacting it. But I think just generally characterizing, we’re kind of reverting back to norms.
