Ryan Martinez: Thank you all for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. In just a moment, we will share some prepared remarks and then open it up for Q&A. And with me today, we have our CEO, Bob Jordan; Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Watterson; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Van de Ven. A quick reminder that we will make forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectation and future performance and our actual results could differ substantially from these expectations. Also, we had a few special items in our second quarter results, which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes, and we will reference our non-GAAP results as well. So please refer to our press release from this morning and our Investor Relations website for more information. And with that, Bob, I'll turn it over to you.
Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Mike. We have analysts queued up for questions. So a quick reminder to please keep your questions to one and a follow-up, if needed. Operator, please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: And Duane, you want to -- I want to add, sort of, 50,000 feet on this because there's change in flight credits is a big deal. Obviously, it's a terrific consumer benefit -- customer benefit, and it matches perfectly with bags fly free, no change fees. Rapid Rewards points that do not expire, all the things that you know about that separate Southwest Airlines. So it's a terrific added benefit. And I'm absolutely confident it's going to win more customers and improve customer loyalty and retention, just like bags fly free did for us. On the timing side, we were up against -- you had a big pile of COVID travel funds from, especially that early period of COVID, where there were so many changes that were set to expire in September, and we felt like we needed to address that, which is a big piece of the why now and the timing. On the cost, the -- this onetime isolated to the third quarter 250 to 300. As Tammy mentioned we think it's immaterial beyond that. That's really primarily the revenue impact and timing of recognizing the revenue/breakage on these COVID funds. Ultimately, they're going to be used. They could break. It's going to come back to you. It's just going to come back to you over time. So it's -- to me, a lot of this is a timing issue, but it's the right thing to do. If it's terrifically with our brand, again, it's a onetime third quarter thing here. And I'm convinced, absolutely like bags fly free that it's going to be not just a customer positive, it's going to be a financial and shareholder positive as well. We win more customers, and we retain more customers.
Ryan Martinez: Yeah, yeah, it gives you good sort of indicator of where we're headed, I think. But yeah, there's so much noise in 2023 right now. And again, on two critical fronts pilot hiring and availability and the availability of aircraft. So we're just going to have to take it schedule-to-schedule.
Ryan Martinez: Well, thank you, Ravi, and thank you, everyone, for the questions. That's all the time we have for the analyst portion of our call today. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day.
Bob Jordan: Hey, Savi, it's Bob, and I'll let Tammy and Mike jump in. Yeah, obviously, the change is a big one from 114 to 66 in 2022 here. But Boeing and GE and others are suffering supply chain issues just like everybody. So I'm not sure that it is completely unexpected. The good thing is if you look in through our published schedules through March, which I think are through March 8 right now, because we did have excess aircraft that we've talked to you about, that reduction doesn't compromise those schedules. So we'll be able to fly the schedules as planned, which is good news for our customers, good news for our employees. It's a big number though. So if you think about how long is it going to take to recover the catch up in terms of the delivery plan. I suspect, again, this is all kind of guess, we're going to go schedule-to-schedule, quarter-to-quarter, but it feels like it will take 2023, could leak into 2024 in terms of how long it takes to catch back up to the fleet, the original contractual fleet delivery plan. Now to your question, which is well what about constraints, which has been pilot hiring. If you end up -- there's, I think, a chance that if you leak into -- if this continues to delay into late 2023, you could get to the point where the constraint becomes actually the aircraft deliveries versus pilots. So I think that would be late in 2023 and not earlier. So again, we're just -- you don't -- it's all speculation today. But for now, we'll stay really close with Boeing, and that's late in the year 2023. So we'll keep after our pilot hiring plan.
Bob Jordan: Yeah, we'll hire -- this doesn't change if you're tying that to the Boeing issue, it doesn't change that at all. So yeah, we're looking to hire 1,000 to 1,100 this year. We're roughly on plan there. I'm very proud of everybody. We -- for a while, we told you, we were short flight instructors. We've hired all of our flight instructors as of, I think, May. So the training, the SIMs, it's all running at full capacity. I think the plan is to hire about 2,200 pilots next year. So that will remain our plan because it's full capacity, and then we will get these aircraft even if they're slightly delayed as we talked about in like 2023. So this doesn't change our pilot hiring plan.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Jamie, we have plenty of time, if you're thinking about '24, '25, we have plenty of time to adjust along the way here, if things change. We just now -- and I'm very proud of this, we just now caught our 2019 capacity here in the third quarter will be about flat. And we just now caught our 2019 employees, we're slightly over about 1,600 here at the same time. So, we've just caught up to 2019 at this point.  And as Tammy said, we'll begin to moderate our -- we'll begin to moderate our hiring really ex-pilots here in the back half of the year. And our goals for '23 haven't changed, which is, that now at some point, you're just running it all this to get stable. Now we really begin to pivot to moderate the hiring, begin to wring out inefficiencies and get to our goal that we've talked about at Investor Day, which is get back to our historic efficiencies by the end of next year.
Bob Jordan: No. And I'll also defer to the master here, Andrew, to add a whole lot of color, but it's just -- it's nothing specific, because it's more the surrounding data. So if you look at our booking strength, it continues. I mean, obviously, June was a peak as it is typically across the -- sequentially across the year, but the booking strength is there. You've got strength post-Labor Day. It's really just looking at the other factors. So, as I mentioned, business and consumer sentiment is down. You've seen some peaks here, rates are rising, just all the things that typically lead you to expect a bit of a slowdown. So, really nothing more than that color, because we aren't seeing it in our bookings yet. It's just to call out. And Andrew, please add color to that.
Bob Jordan: Well, Andrew you take all that -- yeah, thank you. You take all of that into context. We got like -- I always want to guide appropriately. And so, you take all that into account as you think about your guidance as well.
Bob Jordan: And then it's just maybe just to liberate. I mean as those funds that we've now extended are used over time, that's going to play out over a period that's not -- it's going to play out over a period of time as their use and revenue is recognized.
Bob Jordan: And just -- sorry to keep adding, but add a little 50,000-foot color again. Whenever -- coming out of COVID, with all of the early retirements and leaves and everything that we all did, we -- as you rebuild your hiring teams, you just ran at the staffing. So we were all hiring a lot. We've been on the sort of 1,500 a month pace here for a while overall. You're going to hear us talk a lot about now we're going to moderate our hiring, because there was a lot of getting -- trying to hire ahead of the demand because there was so much gap between resources and the availability of the aircraft. So as that tightens up, we're, obviously, ex pilots because pilots is really the gap at this point. You're going to see us work to get our hiring closer to the need versus hiring ahead that makes any sense. It's going to take us a while to do that, but you are going to hear us talking an awful lot about moderating our hiring plans, again, ex-pilots.
Bob Jordan: The -- Ravi, the airline industry, there's always -- it's not for the faint of heart, right? There's all kinds of things in front of you. I don't know that I tend to think of it the same way. We have -- I kind of go into reverse here, and then I'll come to your question. If you look at just the past six months, and where we were. So we've gotten staffing stable. We were on our hiring plans. Obviously, we have work to do with pilots, but we are in so much better shape. We've gotten operationally stable, same thing. We want to do better, but we are in so much better shape. Our cancel rate in May and June was sub 1% better than 2019. We just had a record quarter, record operating revenue. So it's just -- we're hiring 1,500 people. There's so many things to be grateful for in terms of the pace of getting the airline from kind of surviving to being really stable. Now we want to move into the next phase and really move back into operational excellence and other things. But now to really answer your question though, I do think there's no one thing on the horizon. There is -- if you just sort of click through them, there's risk in hiring enough pilots, but we're filling our classes. We have a lot of folks in the pipeline. The SIMs are full, the classrooms are full. We have all our flight instructors, checked, I feel good about that. You have our -- this new delay in deliveries from Boeing, but we're working really closely with Boeing and I feel like we're on top of that. And at the end of the day, we can fly our schedule. So it's not going to force a reduction to the schedule that's been published, which is just terrific for employees and our customers. I guess the biggest thing is just not one thing, but it's just all the uncertainty on the horizon. So you've got a recession potential, and you've got a lot of variability in fuel prices, huge variability and volatility and crack spreads on fuel, you have potential variability in demand because of all those things supply chain issue still. So who knows whether those will materialize or not. The good thing is, we are extremely well positioned. We have the people we need. We have the aircraft we need. We have a $6 billion net cash position. We have 53% leverage and -- so we're well positioned to weather whatever comes our way. So I don't -- I didn't specifically -- I didn't name one thing, but I've just given you a flavor for how I think about it.
Bob Jordan: Well, we're always doing customer research around what do our customers want. That's how we arrived that we need to add, recently, we need to add power on the aircraft. We need to add the larger overhead beds. And the desire for flexibility, especially post-COVID, where there were lots of changes, it rises right to the top, and so our customers are telling us that that peace of mind around the ability to change is really, really important. And so again, I know I've said this many times, you couple that with a peace of mind around no bag fees, no change fees, rep rewards points that don't expire. And now transferability within the new Wanna Get Away Plus fare. And it's just a really powerful package because we're taking all that worry and away from our customers. And again, I'm convinced that not only are we going to retain customers because of this policy change, we are going to win new customers, just like we did with bag fees.
Bob Jordan: Very well said. So yes, the issue isn't DFW, the issue is how do we continue to serve the area. That's really the issue at stake.
Bob Jordan: We generally want this for our customer reason because we want customers to go to the airport. It's the convenient to them. So really when you get these big metro areas, traffic also becomes a big part of your travel plans. And especially if you fly in shorter hauls, if you're flying from across the country, you may not perceive the difference between LAX and Burbank in Long Beach in Orange County and in Ontario. But if you're flying from Denver or Northern California or Phoenix, then it can become the traffic is a material part of your journey. So, you want to fly an airport that's closer to where you're going. And so having these kind of neighborhood airports, if you will, gives our customers a better value proposition for kind of end-to-end transit. So that's the biggest driver is that kind of convenience once you're on the ground to our customers.
Bob Jordan: My pleasure. Thanks for the question. Operator: We have time for one more question. We'll take our last question from Virag Sakshi [ph] from the New York Times. Please go ahead.
Bob Jordan: You love my answer because we don't comment mergers acquisition. But just generally, obviously, we have experience with these things. It's Southwest overtime. We purchased AirTran Airways. We did some things with ATA. We had more overtime. So, we have experience about once a decade or so doing something here.  I'm not going to opine on Spirit and what's happening with Frontier and JetBlue. I would just tell you how we think about it, which is we're going to compete with anybody, whoever that is. We compete vigorously every single day in every location. And so whether that's, in this case, Spirit standalone or Spirit merged with somebody else, it doesn't change the way we think about competition and what we need to do. We need to serve our customers. We need to have the best network. We need to have efficiencies like a single aircraft type. We need to have low cost that enable low fares. And I always go back to the beauty of Southwest Airlines is we have the best employees who wake up every day with a heart to serve others before they serve themselves. And that's the beauty of Southwest. And that's how we think about competition is deploying our strengths. So that would be my answer, which is no matter who it is, we're going to compete.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So back to the earlier question, too, about what worries you out there like potential recession? We talk all the time internally about. We can't control the externals, but we can't control our reaction to them and how we manage ourselves here, Southwest Airlines, and that is 100% our focus.
Mike Van de Ven: Hey Jamie, this is Mike. Just maybe one way to kind of think about the Boeing delays as I've been thinking about them, there are production issues that are supply chain related, then there are delivery issues that are based on a certification issue with the MAX-7. So, Boeing has produced through the production line, MAX-7s, but just not able to deliver them yet. So I think that you will find a – when the MAX 7 is certified, we'll be able to catch that up quickly in 2023 and then we're just struggling with production delays that aren't long, they're probably no more than a month or so as they deal with their supply chain. And I think that will get better in 2023 as compared to where it is today.
Mike Van de Ven: Jamie, it would be basically, what our pilot you would want. We're not going to have an opinion on that. And at this point in time, I don't think that there's much energy around us doing that at all.
Mike Van de Ven: Yeah. I don't have anything to add there. Alison, we have participated with every group looking into it. We have responded to everyone that was interested in it, and every one of those issues have been addressed.
Mike Van de Ven: Yeah. So just when you think about the tempo, so I think that we've hired about 3,000 ground operations employees in the second quarter. So if you think about the operating environment in the airport, a lot of heavy equipment out there. There's an operating tempo out there, and you don't necessarily feel that, or experience that in training, and so when you are new hire employ part of the one the job, training process is the match you up with an experienced employee. And so a ramp agent in Southwest Airlines that has been there a year is – he can work alone or she can work alone and process all the activity. If you're a brand new hire, you're paired up with someone. So those are the kinds of things that just pace and slow down the operating tempo a bit. And so we just have given all the hiring, you just feel that as part of the company.
Tammy Romo: And Jamie, Tammy here. Just to add on to Mike's comments back to your question on the cost side. We -- Bob has already taken you through the pilot hiring, but we do intend to optimize here as we move forward, best we can, on the best -- based on the best information that we have from Boeing, and we'll continue to hire pilots.  But moderate in other groups around what our best guess is for capacity as we close out this year and into next year. So, we've kicked off our planning efforts for next year. So obviously, all the information that we shared with you today will be inputs into that. And clearly, we want to come up with a unit cost performance that makes sense relative to the capacity that we're flying.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Duane, I'll take that. I hope you're doing well. So well, first of all, as you're aware, we don't disclose our breakage revenue. But even during the pandemic when it's been elevated, it still represents a really small percentage of overall revenue. So in terms of the underlying trends, we expect the ongoing impact to total operating revenue beyond third quarter to be immaterial, and it shouldn't be a material driver of sequential trends. And just to note on the second quarter, even without the elevated breakage revenue in second quarter, we would have still had record revenues and the underlying business trends were very strong. So -- but in terms of what is your starting point in terms of our core business trends, it would be the results that we reported to you this morning in terms of revenue for second quarter up almost 14%. So just in terms of trying to help you sort through the trends. So again, the third quarter impact of $250 million to $300 million, you know, you really should look at that as kind of a onetime impact here related to the policy change.
Tammy Romo: Yeah, Duane, it is a shift into next year. Now hopefully, we'll catch up here on the Boeing deliveries, but if those shift a bit into 2024, then we'd see some shipping into 2024 on the CapEx side as well.
Tammy Romo: Yes. On -- certainly, our goal for next year remains to have CASM-X down from this year's level. So we haven't given up on that goal. Obviously, capacity is an input to all of that, as you're well aware. But going back to our discussion a little bit earlier, we -- as we move forward, we will work to optimize our staffing around our expected capacity plans. So again, just trying to get back to our historical efficiency level. So we're very focused on getting back to our historical efficiency, and we've got a lot of initiatives underway to help improve efficiencies. And those range from -- over the longer term, anything from self-service for our customers, airport modernization, other efforts along those lines. So I think the -- and then, of course, just the continued restoration of the network. So we'll -- even if we have to grow at a lower rate than maybe we were otherwise hoping for -- we should be able to continue to restore our network, which will help us get back to those historical efficiency levels. So as of June, we were probably about 80% restored, and we expect to be about 85% restored by the end of this year, and we're going to work really hard to be fully restored by next year, which, of course, would give us operating leverage and help our cost performance next year.
Tammy Romo: You would just take our reported results and adjust for a normal sequential trending from what we reported to you or what our guidance is for third quarter. So, you just simply take out that onetime impact.
Tammy Romo: That's right. It's just simply the timing of the revenue recognition as we move forward. And then the -- our trends as we go forward should really revert back closer to pre-pandemic levels in terms of the percentage of breakage to revenue.
Tammy Romo: Well, we are incurring inflationary costs, as you're aware, which is primarily higher rates for labor, benefits in airports. But I do want to remind everyone that we are accruing for higher labor rates, and that accrual began on the second quarter, on April 1st. So that's fully loaded in the second half and incorporated in the guidance that we shared for you for third quarter. So we do have cost pressures from lower productivity. And I think a key for us will be to really work to continue optimizing our staffing levels around the capacity set that we come up with for 2023, which, as Andrew took you through, we're just kind of out there now through the first quarter. It was pretty healthy capacity growth -- double-digit capacity growth. So obviously, that is going to help for the first quarter. So we're -- the main thing that we're going to have to work through, are inefficiencies as we continue to restore the network and just right-size our staffing. So we're working really hard to do that. And our priority is to regain our historical productivity and maintain healthy unit cost timing to our peers. So it's a little early to give you guidance for first quarter for CASM-X. We'll lay out our full 2023 plan for you when we get together in December for Investor Day, but those are really the key drivers of the inflation that we're feeling here this year. So we're going to work real hard to optimize and hit our goal for 2023 to have down CASM-X year-over-year.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And just one more thought. I don't want to lose it, again, going back to the network, gross duration, as we do bring back on those more of our longer-haul flights, and that will certainly ease some of the CASM-X pressure as well.
Tammy Romo: Today, it's pilots. We have the fleet we need to fly our schedule through March. So going back to what we shared with you last quarter, we had more aircraft than we really needed. So with the adjustments that we walked through are that we have agreed to file with Boeing, we believe that we can buy our schedule here through the end of the year. And so today, it is pilots. And as we move into 2023, we're hopeful that we'll begin to catch up here on the deliveries, but it is possible that as we get to the end of 2023, the constraint could go from pilots to the fleet. So we just -- it's just too early to give you any more precision than that today.
Tammy Romo: Yes. This is Tammy. I can help you with that. In terms of the balance that represents travel issues that have been issued, what was in our air traffic liability balance at the end of the second quarter, it probably represented about 6% of that balance. So call it, between $400 million and $500 million, and that is, of course, a net of estimated breakage. So that gives you at least a ballpark. It's historically been maybe close -- maybe a little bit lighter than that, but it's not the most significant piece of our air traffic liability.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And just one thought as you were all talking, just to come back to our second quarter results, they truly were extraordinary to have a record performance. And you just think about where we come from two years ago, it's just remarkable. And we've talked a lot about our third quarter revenue performance. And while there is certainly some noise in some of the numbers, our guide was still up 8% to 12% relative to 2019. And a lot of commentary on revenues, but I do want to make sure that I was clear that when modeling our revenues going forward, you would want to use our third quarter guidance of that 8% to 12%. Just to be really clear, because I know we've done a lot of information out of you today. So it's really gratifying to think about how far we've come from 2019.
Andrew Watterson: I guess I'd add to that, Bob that we see still substantial demand, potential visits to the website, central volumes, but we saw a peak of yields in June. And all the industry data we look at whether that's ARC data, whether that's credit card data, whether that's Adobe or Hopper or CPI, they all point to that same kind of peak in June. And so, loads are fine and yields are up, generously on a year-over -- three-year basis, they're not up as much as June. That's all. So it's kind of sequentially softened a little bit, but at a level that's still well above 2019 levels. So that gives us a lot of encouragement going forward. We're also rotating out of a high leisure period into a high business period. And so, you expect that business to hold up more of your capacity, so to speak, and so that will be the big question. We've obviously guided to a sequential 5-point improvement in managed business into Q3 and how that evolves through Q3, that’s the prime business travel season. It's kind of back half of August through October. If we see good improvement there, I think that that will be really meaningful for trends.
Andrew Watterson: So, I'll start off, but we put that in there. The research and development teams from network planning worked with Mike's research and development teams from operations planning, and we looked at what would be the way to improve the operability of our summer into fall schedules. And so, we jointly evaluated innumerable schedule concepts, and we came up with this return of some specific short haul for recoverability Mike talked about, more crew flying between crew bases -- more crew-based originators from like the low 30% to the high 38%. And then, some -- look at mid-day peaking that was stressful and ground operations. All that together made for a more operable summer. Now, because short haul is really powered by business travel, return of business travel will make the kind of revenue impact of that mitigated. And so corporate travel did kind of you see through ARC data, a plateau on a volume basis in mid-June. So, as we come out of summer and people burn off their PTO, they had accumulated and COVID and get back on the road, you would expect that short haul that was put there to help recoverability would get additional travel from corporate travelers. And so that shows up either yield or load factor. It's just insufficient demand for that level of short-haul capacity. In some months, you may see the yield was higher and low was lowered vice versa. It just shows you there is insufficient business demand for that level of short haul at this point in time. But as we go into a more heavy business travel season that can be mitigated through the return of business travel.
Andrew Watterson: Besides demand recovery, the second thing that will aid it is a network restoration. You can think of this short haul being restored and longer hauls not being restored creates an imbalance network. And so even though we are predominantly a point-to-point carrier, there's many situations where you have a higher flow content. And if you look at our short haul is on average, besides having higher business content, they have higher flow content. And so by not having the kind of medium and longer hauls in that same geography, we find the short hauls, you're starving them with the flow they normally have. So, as we go through and add in medium and long hauls as pilot supply allows, that will then kind of help balance the system and allow those flights to be fuller, if not with as much business travel as 1 might imagine, at least more flow, which right now we're seeing is carrying a pretty high yield.
Andrew Watterson: I think to start with, the Jan-Feb is flat to 2019. I think we're looking at the first quarter being up 10%. So once we kind of get March out there, you'll see the first quarter versus 2022 being up 10%. And so, that's a good starting point. I don't want to get over my skis. The back half of the year, as Bob mentioned, you have both either pilots or aircraft could become a constraining element, but at least to start the year through at least to begin of the summer, I think it's a good place to start.
Andrew Watterson: We had volumes improving faster than fares. Fares were still elevated versus 2019, but volumes really picked up some -- really started in March through the end of June. I will say that it was skewed towards smaller businesses and government and education were traveling. Our largest corporates are the ones that are lagging, particularly banking, consulting and technology who previously were amongst our top-tier travelers now or on the lower side. And then, if you kind of look at our -- all of our accounts, our largest accounts, they're all traveling. They all have activity, and they just have less unique travelers per account, but those travelers who are traveling are traveling just slightly less than their trialing before. So it's more about these large companies don't have the same number of people, but they're traveling right now, which we think varies by company of what that reason is. But that's the kind of hopeful benefit as we get into the travel season here post-summer is to get more travelers per account out on the road.
Andrew Watterson: I'm not quite sure I got the last part of that, but I'll start off with the first part, which is about the deceleration. I think to have year over three-year RASM be flat from Q2 to Q3. One would have to have load factor be flat sequentially, and that certainly is a reasonable assumption. And then secondly, you have to have yields to be flat sequentially from quarter-to-quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing through all of our external data, as well as our internal, the yields peaked in June. And so -- and that's a leisure heavy period where they peaked. And so essentially, you couldn't push leisure travelers beyond a certain fair level it seems like. And that same highest fare level also seemed to hurt our redemptions as well because the point volume got super high, but now you're rotating in a period where there's less leisure travel, and you certainly can't push fall leisure travel at the same fare levels as the summer. And then we have the kind of composition issue of how much business travel will be back, who are paying the higher fares. So, you have a composition headwind as we go from Q2 to Q3 because this business and leisure and you have the point of business travelers -- or excuse me, leisure travelers have a price elasticity effect, where you can't go much higher. And so that's really what's driving this kind of change. It's not an abrupt change or a free fall. It's just a moderation from the hay day of June.
Andrew Watterson: So my personal opinion is that June leisure travel reflected part trend, part pent-up demand that was kind of a onetime effect, so to speak. And so, we're still seeing leisure yield up July, August, September. So leisure yields are still up and look like they'll continue to be up as far as we can see it in our booking curve. And then yes, you do then have on top of that, a compositional effect. So we have that pent-up demand that will not persist, but you still have an elevated leisure trend and you rotate that into a time of year where leisure is a lower composition of businesses higher. And then back to the question of how much business will there be. So a lot of that kind of ultimate yield for Q3 will turn on how much business demand comes back and if we see a return to that kind of acceleration we had in the spring of business travel.
Andrew Watterson: Hi Dawn, I think you're on to good elements of this. So we had this looming expiration of kind of COVID funds that kind of brings it to the why now, as Bob mentioned earlier. But flexibility has always been important for customers. But over COVID, it's become even more important. And you see like I Wanna Get Away Plus, we like to transfer flight credits. We now have discount refundable tickets because that becomes more important to people. So the desire for customers to have more and more flexibility has been increasing. And now it's become the number one call driver for our customer relations department as people coming in, they call in and talk about their funds. We also added in the website into my account, we kind of put it prominently even before your point balance you have it there. And so -- we -- the elevated desire of our customers for flexibility and concern about funds led us to this move, which we think is consistent with our brand. And so you could just extend some funds, but realistically, that really gives you nothing to go and promise customers. If you say, well, not only this extended, there's been forever, then you can go out and say now part of my marketing message is, I'm giving you this is yours to begin with, and it will never expire. We can market that, and that can lower the hurdle for people to buy ticket from Southwest Airlines because, A, they know they can change it. There will be no fee. They know they can bring bags, all that stuff. And on top of that, you're not worried about using it in a timely manner, because it will always be there for you. So you put those things together and you might as well go all the way and have it never expire versus just a simple extension, which kind of gets lost in the shuffle.
Andrew Watterson: I don't have it, and maybe we can follow-up. I don't know if you even track it. It wasn't always a policy, it was like a compromise sometimes. Many times, we would just extend it for free. And other times, when it was clear that someone had long forgotten and we've extended it multiple times, maybe that was a last gap. So it was not a hard and fast policy from us. It was just an occasional practice, but it shows you the increasing importance of the customers. So we’ll just move to the other side of the ledger, so to speak, and say it's always yours and it will be there for you.
Andrew Watterson: And Bob, I'd also add on that we're really powered by repeat, right. People buys us, they experience us, they love us, they come back. Thank you, Dawn, for being a frequent flyer. And so I think that's different. A lot of the times, airlines look at as a one to done, a smash graph like a basic economy or something like that. People remember when it was -- they weren't treated well. And so in this environment, once again, we're getting more to the customer, they will like this, they will come back and repurchase us. And in fact, a travel credit, by definition, is a repurchase. And so that repurchase behavior is what powers all consumer businesses, especially ours.
Andrew Watterson: I think it's common for us to serve multiple airports in a metro area. We do that in the Los Angeles Basin area, [indiscernible] Bay Area, Washington, D.C., Houston, Chicago, so that's normal for us. So, it would be normal for us to have another airport we served in a large population place like Dallas. One of our responsibilities is to create more opportunities we can prosecute. And so, we have lots of opportunities all around our system. Dallas is one of them. So, I think the point in time is not material, but it's an opportunity for us to prosecute when the timing and the facilities are right.
Andrew Watterson: And I'd just add on to it. You've probably heard through the call, is talking about getting back to our efficiencies, rolling out our new products, restoring our network, reinvigorating our culture. So we control our own destiny. So we just roll this plan out, we talked about all call and we control our own estate. So we don't really need someone to do someone else in the industry to do something to avoid doing something. We control our own destiny, and so we'll prosecute that. I think that's what benefits you when you're in a position of strength Southwest Airlines.
