Bob Fornaro: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. After a challenging first quarter AirTran has delivered a solid performance here in the second quarter. From an operations perspective the results were the best we have ever delivered in the second quarter. Our on time performance was 83.8%, our completion factor was 99.5% and our industry leading baggage handling performance improved 4% to 1.5 mishandled bags per 1000 passengers. I want to personally thank all of our 8000 crew members for this accomplishment. This is truly a team effort. In the second quarter we reported a GAAP profit of [$12.4] million, which includes an unrealized loss of $26.4 million net of taxes on the reduction in value of our future hedge portfolio. Including, we reported an economic net income of $38.8 million or $0.23 a share, compared to last year’s economic net income of $46.6 million. During the quarter our capacity grew 4.9% year-over-year and we produced record second quarter revenues of $700.6 million, which represents a 60.1% increase. We achieved a record low factor of 83.1%, which was up 2 points year-over-year. Our business class load factor rose more than 5 points to over 83%, which also represents a new company record. Typically, an increased in capacity load factors were stable and comes at the expense of yield. However, our second quarter passenger yield increased 9.4% the highest year-over-year yield growth in four years, despite a 3% year-over-year increase in average stage. Our other revenues are roughly flat year-over-year and Arne will give you a little more color on that during his remarks. Further development our total unit revenues increased 10.7% year-over-year. On our network front we continue to make a lot of progress on growing and diversifying our revenues. During the past year we’ve opened 12 new destinations from Orlando, mostly to small and midsized cities as well as in the Caribbean. The most significant progress in developing our network has been made in Milwaukee. While we have added only one main line destination year-over-year, we have grown our capacity here more significantly than any other city on our network. After a tough winter, Milwaukee has been solidly profitable for us in the second quarter despite significantly higher fuel costs. In fact, our unit revenue growth in Milwaukee far out paced our system average and during the second quarter was the best performing region in our network in terms as a year-over-year unit revenue growth. While absolute profitability still trails our system average trends here are very good, as you continue to improve as our own capacity growth begins to moderate and our newer roots continue to mature. All sides parts Milwaukee as having a bright future on our network. Finally just this week the Atlantic City Council voted unanimously to renew our lease at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport for the next seven years, solidify our position at the world busiest airport. On the cost side, within our non-fuel cost expectations in the second quarter. Our adjusted non-fuel costs were up 2.5% year-over-year, well ahead of our initial second quarter non-fuel guidance of 4% to 4.5% and even better than our revised guidance of six weeks ago are up 3.5% to 4%. Fuel costs rose by over $68 million, a 43% increase. Since we last spoke to you in April we revised the term of our future aircraft deliveries, essentially retired over $90 million in convertible debt and extended our $100 million secured credit facility for up to two years. All in all the entire team at AirTran will be pleased with the progress we are making, as Arne will elaborate the year-over-year unit revenue outlook for the next several months looks even better than what we experienced in the second quarter. Our own capacity growth has slowed down, the percentage of capacity in new routes is declining and our outlook for the second half of the year reflects substantial year-over-year earnings growth. I would right now turn the call over to Arne to give you more detailed on our financial performance and outlook.
Bob Fornaro: Duane, good morning. I think it was really end of month revenues. We had a very strong advance booking base and we didn’t see as much follow through as we expected. And again, I think a contrast after June, where we see -- we had very strong advance bookings and we had strong follow through. So, again, I never know whether it is an anomaly or not but it kind of stuck out, given the advanced booking dates we expected it to be better. And as I’ve said, with July, July is pretty much closed, we had, again fairly strong within the month bookings. So I’m not sure whether, again, May wasn’t a trended more but anomaly for us.
Bob Fornaro: Duane, one thing I would add again. I think, September is normally the waiting isn’t as much. It’s about 25% or 27% of our revenues inventories, now that’s meaningful. I think we are also beginning to see a little capacity modernization as we get out there. So ultimately if our supply and demand situation is getting better and also fewer new routes, last year going into the Spirit job we added a lot of new routes. Again, that number has been down substantially as we move into the last quarter of the year.
Bob Fornaro: Bill, this is (inaudible), I’ll ask Kevin, you’ll see we want to get, just look out, we are not going to talk about any pricing or fee levels, but Kevin you want to talk about the trends.
Bob Fornaro: There is always again some relevance. And I think, certainly, with Delta, Northwest was going through in 2008, quite frankly, we were too weak to take advantage of any opportunities that we were reassessing our situation. But right now, I think that certainly, we’ve got a lot of focus on New York, La Guardia in particular. And even a few slots are positive and I think when you look at the Midwest, again there, I think there was some opportunity. The biggest change in capacity that we see with Delta, Northwest and the Ohio valley and I think there is some retail as well. We happen to do exceptionally well in Ohio. I think there’s chances for us. I think there will be some benefits for us. And especially, we get some of these midsized markets that may lose some service. I think, again, this time around, we will be better positioned as a company to improve our position, assuming that merger goes through.
Bob Fornaro: Here again, to go back and talk about mix. Again, mix is determined by two things. Again, the market it’s going to go after but also your root structure. We still have probably about 40% of our customers are going to go in and out of Florida. So that is more leisure oriented. So, I think the pure business mix is probably about 30%, 35%, round numbers, given the fact it is very Florida-oriented and, obviously, the revenue is a higher percentage of that.
Bob Fornaro: I think -- it is kind of hard to follow. Because it typically follows the industry norm, I mean, quite frankly, most carriers are reporting their first profit since 2008. And we have all been turning to profitability six quarters ago. So at least we have a tendency to be different and again, last year, the leisure base to Florida helped us. I think what’s going on now, we have seen, again I would say the leisure markets returned quickly last year and I think we had a faster rebound. We added a tremendous amount of capacity into Milwaukee last year. I think Milwaukee is still probably up about 25% to 30%. Now, the yields have really began to stretch. We have been in there two years or three in some of these markets and they are really -- we have really developed a very, very strong following. And quite frankly, our competitors has gotten weaker and we have gotten stronger. That is a real positive. Atlanta is improving for us. That is, again, that historically has been our strongest business market. It’s starting to inch up and starting to move ahead of the system. It is important, because still 45% of our capacity. So I think those components and I think, the percentage of new roots, even post 2008, not only did we reduce capacity, we changed a lot and so I think as we move into the last few months of the year, instead of having 12% to 14% above capacity in new routes, it is down to four or five, which is a big difference, when you begin to see the numbers. So I think that is a little bit unique as well. And again, some moderation in competitive capacity versus prior quarters. So there is a number of factors, again, Atlanta’s starting to come back a little bit and the biggest improvements are in Milwaukee, which is about 14% to 15% of our capacity right now.
Bob Fornaro: It is slower in Florida because Florida rebounded very, very quickly. Quite frankly -- actually, we are optimistic about Florida. That is the place where we actually improved but Florida really rebounded last year. We did not see the drop off that most airlines did, because we had full capacity in Florida and when everybody left, that helped us last year. So the business markets now that are improving, yeah.
Bob Fornaro: No. I think referring to Milwaukee again for us -- we knew the market. We added a whole host of new routes. We’ve got 15, 20 new routes that haven’t been in about two to three years now. And again, each year, its varied, we went in, we went in for the summer only. This year, for example, you can go into the first winter or two in some of these long haul West Coast markets or even business markets, they are particularly tough but what’s happened is the frequent flyer base in the Midwest has eroded and ours has gotten stronger. And so I think we are going to see fewer frequencies by Midwest to the East Coast markets, which are very important.
Bob Fornaro: And again, I think things like Milwaukee, they’ll be others as well. The positive there’s been some moderation and I think we’re again, better positioned. Again, I think to improve Milwaukee. We like…
Bob Fornaro: I will start out, generally, I’d turn it over to Kevin. But the fact is we are, what 2009 was may have been the biggest anomaly, we’re still worrying. But 2009 was a period of time where we kind of had the weakest advance bookings and I think there was a lot of late discounting. I think we’re generally seeing a trend towards an elongation of the booking curve and I want you to just take it further Kevin.
Bob Fornaro: Well, you know, I think as we mentioned Atlanta, Orlando, Milwaukee, I mean, they are really, I mean, they are all different. And you know Atlanta we have solid, in fact, 250 departures a day. So you can fly to some cities but you can supplement the markets with connections. But Orlando, I think between out number of cities and carriers like region and we always be see it in markets like El Paso, Orlando and Las Vegas, most small cities or small markets can port throughout this year because of the large volumes. Milwaukee is arguably, is completely different. It is, we don’t have the volumes and particularly turn to leisure roots serving at Florida but you kind of, have to be cautious. And you have a building kind of take a very long time but you do not have quite the size or the scale that you have in Atlanta. You have the 717, it is a pretty good airplane for small markets. You know, I think, again standard Dallas. We are looking at a few others. We have 717 to it. In terms of the RJ, we have a small RJ operation in partnership with SkyWest. And there might be some small opportunities for additional RJs up there. But again our primary focus is again trying to focus on, 717, 737s. Look at really what we are doing, it is you know, we -- it is really kind of establish ourselves you know, all the airlines with business class on every flight, that is helping us tremendously up there, even so some of the commuter airplanes are pretty good, generally speaking, of the cabin difference, is substantial, compared to most RJs. So I guess, I think for us and you will be focused on main volume airplanes. And we are seeing again heavy flows of traffic coming from northern Illinois. Milwaukee is kind of playing out just like we thought. For us, we are sorry that we’re in the local market and we’ll bring it in southeast Wisconsin and northern Illinois. And that’s kind of a textbook example of what you would like to see in an area that was historically been overpriced.
Bob Fornaro: Dan, I think we have always understood what our core competitive strength here as a company is and our ability to manage costs because we compete with the world’s largest airline in Atlanta. We compete with the world’s largest low cost airline in Southwest. We do it, we do it successfully and we’ve been able to do it for quite sometime. And so, I don’t think that the capacity that you are talking about is anything unique or anything really new, to what we’ve seen over the last several years. It is just -- this is the world we operate in. We have a company that can do it, can do it successfully and there is not a long list of airlines that have been able to deliver like AirTran has.
Bob Fornaro: Well hurricanes, you know, you drive by the church and light a candle and hope they stay away. That is really the best hurricane strategy and quite frankly, we actually get, we don’t have many new buildings, but we actually just opened up a new system of operations, new call center right across the street where we are. If we look back at our operations, September is arguably our weakest month of the year from a revenue standpoint. And it is kind of the way it works for us. You know, we pulled down a capacity level in September. It is probably 22%, 23% below July but the adjustment capacity is even more so in the Florida routes. It is typically a weaker month down here. It is one of the -- the real weak month is September. So we are, we have deeper pull downs than we did, say, four or five years ago. We try to do that with weak capacity. So that’s -- I think in terms of the impact, you know, four or five years ago, we probably had 95% of our capacity in the southeast and today, it is probably 65% or 60% because of a bigger Baltimore operation and the operation in Milwaukee. So it is smaller, it is certainly what it was in capacity, again we reduce our capacity, in September again -- more than we did again four or five years ago. But yeah, beyond that, it really is, it really is hard to tell. And again it is some years you get two or three of these things and some years you get none. I would say generally speaking we probably don’t focus on it as much as we used to but it is kind really, you can’t plan on it. But we do focus on pulling September down because of the weakest and leisure traffic during that month.
Bob Fornaro: Well I think I won’t give a very detailed answer because I think we can take it or not to negotiate in the press. But again, having said that you know, we -- our pilots and manager, we separately met with NNP. We have gotten back to the table. And just so, it is probably over the last seven or eight days, we have had our best progress than we have had in months, which is, I would say real positive. So you know, I would say again I have been optimistic. Again, I think we still have a shot of getting a deal by the end of the summer. I look at the progress we have made recently. You know, I feel you know even better about that. So again, I just kind of go back at the end of the day. We have a great group of pilot. You know, they work hard. I think -- as a group, we all go know collectively what it takes for us to be successful, it is quality, good cost structure. And we are going to make adjustments to the agreements and we are starting to see things, you know, come together if I can, trend off, where we have been over the last couple of weeks.
Bob Fornaro: I think if you look at where our utilization is now, it’s about 11. I think maybe peak, it’s been about 11.4, Kevin.
Bob Fornaro: You know, generally -- philosophically, we try to run and we have led up to probably adopt another 15 minutes out of 40. But this would make, but that is about the biggest that we could push it.
Bob Fornaro: Great. And again, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call tonight. We’ve accomplished a lot over the last year. We’ve renewed our lease in Atlanta, we’ve defined the terms of our aircraft deliveries, we’ve improved the financial profile of the company, achieved significant improvements in unit revenue and we’ve continued to maintain our low cost advantage. And I’d just like to say I’m really encouraged by the continued growth of our yield improvements, the growth of our profitability and our competitive position in Milwaukee. And I think it sets us up for good earnings growth in the second half of the year. Thanks for the time today and I’ll see everybody in October.
Kevin Healy: Duane, it is Kevin. It’s a, when you look at May, it was a bit of a transition month because you came in the year with advances much lower than the prior year, where in ‘09 we put a lot on the books really early, in ‘10 we held out for a higher yield and we’re seeing that. May was a bit of a turnover again, so look at it a little bit differently. September is sort of thing you never want to -- you never characterize it as feeling good about September. But basically, you’re going into September with good average fares, good advance bookings and, you can always do a little bit better there. But I feel pretty good about what we’ve got on the books now. And particularly the way the capacity allocations are out there in terms of the network changes that we put in place over the last year or so.
Kevin Healy: Bill, I think you’re seeing behavior trends and changes in all of these things you have really from the beginning in terms of how people approach travel and other things like that in terms of the number of bags carried versus checked has really from the beginning, changed. I think with ours it is a little bit different in when you look at the makeup of the network a little bit differently. The bigger issue really on the ancillary story is the underlying fares have come up quite a bit in year-over-year growth. I think that puts it a little out of kilter where last year, you were discounting heavily to get people on the plane and producing ancillary revenue. Now you are getting a much, much higher yield and still filling planes. We are looking at, other ways, again, as Bob noted, we’re not going to go into any specific programs or anything like that. But I don’t think we’ve hit the point where there is no more ancillary growth going forward, I think our focus now is on some of the bundling that we are doing and also optimizing when and how we make offers and I think that, that as much as anything can draw a better take rate.
Kevin Healy: I think it is not something we are terribly worried about at all. I think part of it is a reflection in the changing types of passengers that we are carrying, maybe a little bit of behavior change. Business travelers obviously are going to -- it’s a different set of ancillary revenues that will come from a business traveler rather than a leisure traveler and other things like that. So we talk about optimizing the offers and getting better at who and when and what you offer at that sort of thing. I think there is upshot to it. It’s a little more technology intensive and it’s the sort of thing that we will be, we are working on and will be rolling out. But I really believe that the differences right now is just a fundamental improvement in the underlying yields, which is in part driven by the type and shift in the type of passengers that we are carrying…
Kevin Healy: As I had mentioned earlier, coming in to the year, it’s been a tough year to gauge what is going on with advances because it came in with a much lower base than the previous year. But that was expected and it was designed to drive up average fares and we closed pretty well throughout the first part of the year. As you get into the fall you’ve got a different look on things where we were last year, where you were trying to drive volume and the average fares kept falling and falling even relative to 2008. We’re now seeing stronger advance bookings and good average fares. So it’s a sort of thing now where you can get a good base on, we’re getting a better mix of day of week type flying and putting more seats where you need them, less seats where you don’t and getting better at sort of targeting demand with pricing offers. So, it feels very good about the sale levels that we have out today are higher than they have been in the past and you’re still getting real strong volume.
Kevin Healy: The other thing I would add is Milwaukee as I noted before, when you look at it, it is still a growing part of our network in the entity that we are building on. And you know, a different when you compare say Atlanta which was when we arrived, more or less fully developed. This is more similar to Baltimore, where we came into it and have grown it fairly consistently. And we are a long way from being done up there, but I think it’s -- their approach has worked pretty well, initially started with service to Atlanta and Orlando, built and got into a very good position in the leisure market and have consistently grown into the business now, to a point where at which point, you are at critical mass where it can really start building off of itself, that is going to be debatable. But, I think we are in a very strong position to continue the steady growth that we’ve done in the past.
Arne Haak: Bill, this is Arne. Let me add just one thing and -- to this. First of all we kind of highlighted in the prepared remarks the trends weren’t really consistent. May was, again, was the weakest in terms of the ancillary. We had a very nice bounce back in June. So it is, evolving and the thing that I would say we can’t lose sight of is that there really are cost benefits here to the company as we price accordingly to what customers want. A great example is, as Kevin talked about this change in behavior, on checking bags, for example, while it has come down, its sole significant revenue stream but we are carrying fewer bags today. We also are staffing our ramp in Atlanta with fewer employees. It does reduce our cost space. And if you look, a great metric that kind of highlights, if you look at the number of employees per aircraft, it has come down again. And so part of that is being able to run more efficiently, so there certainly are benefits on the cost side as well, as we run a more streamlined operation.
Arne Haak: I don’t think it’s late in the game Bill. It’s hard for us to comment on where United is. They are an international airline versus domestic airline. I still think there is a lot of stuff out there for us to consider.
Arne Haak: Glenn, this is Arne. The comment I would say, we are seeing an improvement. I don’t think we are going to give you the exact number. I have [told earlier] second quarter, they are improving. If you look at the places where we have been growing and growing our network, those are areas that tend to have much higher locals, whether it is in Milwaukee, whether it’s Baltimore, whether it’s some of the point-to-point buying we are doing out of Florida. They all tend to outperform our historic system averages on our local markets. So we are less relying upon the highly competitive connecting yields.Glenn Engel – Bank of America: Thank you very much.
Arne Haak: Managing the cost structure is, I think, we’ve gotten again really our company in 32 areas. Very good value, very good operations and we lead with our cost structure and that is the combination that, that works and I think if we try 20 deviate from that formula you know, it we’ll see mixed results. The cost again and the quality operations you really go hand in hand. You mentioned the Delta Southwest, you know, those are possibly our key competitors. They watch everything that we do. But even when we keep -- we keep taking advantage of these costs. You know, I get into we have been asked for a long time. We think we have got some pretty good cost advantages versus Southwest now and they are really big ones, versus JetBlue. And again [big task] versus Delta, I think it is, we do two budgets every year, one in fact, you know this is what we do. And we manage what we are doing. We’ve already mentioned -- on the go -- we are getting benefits by carrying fewer bags. We have always had the best baggage delivery numbers in the industry. They have gotten better. We need fewer people with all the ranks. We need to look at all this stuff. So I think the discipline if we have been doing it so long really it is second nature. And I think it widened our advantages over the last company of years. I think we could stay there. So, again, I don’t see much changing. You know, what we have seen is we have seen a lot of the legacy carriers reorganize through bankruptcies and we still have huge advantages. So I think you know, certainly over the foreseeable future. I don’t see this limiting our cost leadership. A lot of it is internal focus and a just a much different mind set than other carriers have.
Arne Haak: Steve, this is Arne. The lease rate, I mean, to you 717 obviously, what lease rate is, they are quite competitive. And because we have our 717 fleet on a large amount of power by the hour relationship with the original manufacturers, for the most part, the cost profile should be no different than the rest of our 717s.Steve O’Hara – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Arne Haak: Helane, this is Arne. In regards to maintenance, I think this is -- actually our maintenance came in a little bit better than what we thought. We had a big increase this year related to 717s. That we are not going to see the same kind of increase year over year next year on our 717s, that’s all. It’s going to be a much more CPI like look on 717 maintenance costs. 737s, there are few of them. They are upwards trending but it is not a dramatic increase. I think, it is a fairly routine look. The question, I think, absolute maintenance, dollars are probably going to be pretty similar in the third quarter. Maybe slightly higher depending on where the block hours come out and completion factor. For next year, you know, I think the trend is likely to be up. We can’t get any kind of firm numbers yet you know, that is something whereas Bob said football season is kind of -- or budget season is kind of like football season around here. You know, we are going to spend August and we might let up a little bit come January before we start talking about where we think the costs are going to come out. We are going to be very specific. Again, we have a 175, 180 engines for the 717s and a very few increased, the final one in most of these airplanes have got another eight, nine years to go in terms of contracts. This is the last big increase, other than we have CPI. So a step up this year actually begins to moderate in November, December and then again I think again it won’t be level, but yeah more moderate, as we go forward.
Arne Haak: Per year growth. And I would probably say, 2012 is probably at the higher end of the range, depending on how, what kind of utilization rates we have on the aircraft list. The timing of the deliver in ‘11 are more weighted toward the front half of the year.
