Ryan Martinez: Thank you, operator. And welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. In just a moment, we will share some prepared remarks and then open it up for Q&A. And on the call today we have our CEO, Bob Jordan; President, Mike Van de Ven; Chief Operating Officer, Andrew Watterson; and Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo. We also have a few other senior leaders in the room today including Ryan Green, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. A quick reminder that we will make forward-looking statements today which are based on our current expectation of future performance. And our actual results could differ. Also, we had a few special items in our third quarter results which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes. And we will reference our non-GAAP results today. So please refer to the press release from this morning and our Investor Relations website for more information. And with that, Bob, I'll turn it over to you.
Ryan Martinez: Well, thank you, Mike. We have analysts queued up for questions. So a quick reminder to please, keep your questions to one and a follow-up if needed. Operator, please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: Okay. Well, that wraps up the analyst portion of our call today. I appreciate everyone joining, and have a great day.
Mike Van de Ven: Well. Thank you, Andrew, and hello, everyone. We’re now through the busy summer travel season. And aside from some weather that the industry had to deal with, I am very pleased with the reliability of the operations that our employees delivered in the third quarter. They’re working very hard to take great care of each other and our customers. And we’ve made tremendous progress in several areas, including getting properly staffed in most work groups, and we have more employees that have completed their initial training, and they’re now contributing on the front line. So over 95% of our hiring has been in frontline and operations groups. Second, flying our published schedules without making material posting revisions. As Bob mentioned, our third quarter schedules were much more stable for our employees and our customers. And third, just as with last quarter, we have improved the quality of the schedule with more depth and more non-stop flights. Andrew mentioned we’ve added short-haul flights in business or end markets, that provides more options when we have weather or ATC delays. We also have more flying between all of our crew bases, and all of those changes support a more stable operational performance. From Memorial Day through Labor Day, the heavy summer travel season, we improved year-over-year across nearly every operational metric, including our on-time performance. And our flight completion rate was 98.6%, which means we canceled slightly more than 1% of our scheduled flight, and that’s in line with our pre-pandemic performance, and that’s really where we aim to be. Digging into on-time performance for the third quarter, our on-time performance was 71.2%, which was referred to as A14 by the Department of Transportation or getting customers to their destination within 14 minutes of their scheduled arrival time. So if you look at getting our customers to their destination within 30 minutes, our on-time performance increased to 81.7%, and it was 90.4% within an hour. Well, we always want to be on time, but my point is that we are currently canceling very few flights, and we’re consistently getting the vast majority of our customers to their destinations within a reasonable amount of time. We are focused on improving our A14, and we know that the primary challenge is operating tempo. And I talked about this last quarter, but I think it’s worth repeating. Our operating tempo is being impacted by the sheer number of new hires starting work. We’ve got more leisure customers that are in our load factors, the airport environment as well as air traffic control challenges from both weather and staffing. And all of these things tend to require more time and are causing us some delays that just didn’t exist pre-pandemic. However, we have made solid progress towards our historical operational results, and we’re doing that at nearly pre-pandemic capacity levels. We aim to continue improving. We’ve got great momentum here in October with our on-time performance running in the low 80% range. We continue to hire and train new employees. And that should have us well prepared for the upcoming holiday season, and we should continue just to get better as we continue our network restoration through next year and get even more employees through training. And just a couple of more thoughts on hiring and training. We continue to hire in most work groups and focused locations, and we still expect to add over 10,000 employees this year net of attrition. We just – we aren’t just hiring for this year, though, we’re hiring to support the spring and the summer of 2023 so that we have a more seasoned workforce in place. Our pilot hiring and training continues to be the pacing factor for growth as we move forward. We continue to attract high-quality pilot candidates, and the training program to onboard a new pilot to Southwest Airlines are robust. We’re operating at our maximum training capacity for pilots, and that will continue well into 2023. And then just last, but certainly not least, I do want to congratulate my friend, Andrew Watterson, for his new role as Chief Operating Officer. I’ve been doing that role for almost 17 years, and I know Andrew is well prepared to take on this role. I know he’s going to continue driving to modernize the operation. He’s going to bring a new perspective and energy that will serve our company well. And I’m looking forward to transition into an executive adviser role early next year and assisting Bob and the Southwest team on a variety of matters as needed. I would like to thank all of our employees for their hard work. I especially want to say thank you to the entire operations team that I’ve been a part of and have had the pleasure to support all these years. Southwest is truly a championship team, and I am grateful that I will continue to be a part of it. So with that, Ryan, I will turn it back over to you.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. Ravi, I don’t have much to add there. But we’ve been very purposeful in trying to make sure that we match our resources to our schedules for the whole year. And we’ve had really good experience over the summer in difficult weather conditions with high load factors, all the kind of things that would be an operational challenge during the holidays, and we were – we navigated through all of them very stably. So I feel like we’re really set up to perform well over the holidays as we go into Thanksgiving and the Christmas season.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes, I’ll just jump in, Connor. So yes, our training throughput, we’re at maximum training throughput with all of the infrastructure that we have. So, we’ve got, I think, 26 bays. We’ll have 26 simulators in there at the beginning of the year. We’re fully staffed on flight instructors to go do that. We’ve got enough check airmen to go do that. So, we’re just hiring a lot of new pilots. We’ve got a lot of captain upgrades. And we have the normal recurrent training. So, we’ll be at maximum training capacity in 2023, and then it falls off, as Bob mentioned, in 2024 and beyond there. So, we’re not – we’re putting as many pilots through our system as we can.
Mike Van de Ven: I would say that the – Bob says we're going back into the market frame before we know there is travel demand, we know that we normally would service that travel demand, yet we're unable to at this point in time. So we know the demand is there, right? So we'll put the supply up against that demand. We think that makes us to be quite low risk. It's clear that other carriers are having trouble scheduling all – or servicing all of their RJs. And so their regional flying is down right now, you look into Ford schedules, it kind of pops back up. So obviously they are not going to get regional pilots and in a cliff change here next year. So, it's unlikely that the capacity is kind of out there and regional flying can actually be serviced. So you imagine that would come down as they true up their plans.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes, Alison, this is Mike. We talked to Boeing continuously, and they’re working diligently with the FAA to provide the information we need to get the airplane certified. And at this point in time, Boeing believes that there’s a chance to get certified at the end of this year or early next year. And so that’s – I don’t have anything other to add – anything more to add other than that.
Mike Van de Ven: Well, there’s just – there’s a lot of – I mean, it’s a new process; both Boeing and the FAA to go through. So when you just think about trying to go through the process with all the information, first of all, you want to have a format of that information to flow to the FAA with. And then you agree on that, they need to gather all of that information and submit it. There’s an analysis that needs to be done and there’s questions. And I think all of that just takes time, and it’s brand-new and they haven’t had to do it before.
Mike Van de Ven: Well, David, Boeing is very confident that they’ve got a path to either certification or an extension. And I believe that that’s going to happen as well. But if for some reason, by the off chance it doesn’t happen, of course, we have plan Bs, but we’re just not publicly discussing them at this point.
Mike Van de Ven: Well, David last year, because of the – where we were in the staffing, we did have incentive plans to try to incent people to come in on their days off. But our staffing level is significantly enhanced this year. And then we spent quite a bit of time making sure that the schedules that we published we’ve got matched to our resources. So we feel well prepared to go into the holiday travel just like we did in the summer.
Mike Van de Ven: No, we’re not. I don’t think we’re interested in the pilot age going up further than what it is, and then the pilot requirements are fine with us the way they are today. We’re – I think we’re an employer of choice. We have – I think, really all of our labor contracts, when you look at the scheduling and the quality of life, the compensation, the benefits, the retirements; I think we have best-in-class contracts. We had that coming into the pandemic. I expect we’ll have those going out of the pandemic. And as a result, we’re able to recruit all the people that we need. So we haven’t had a problem recruiting pilots or any other workgroups for that matter.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Thank you, Andrew, for your question. And yes, we’ve taken into consideration all of the current labor deals as we’ve contemplated our accruals here. So all of that has been baked into the guidance that we’ve shared with you. And in terms of the – our investor – the goal set – our longer-term goal set we laid out with you at Investor Day, I think we’re in line – still in line with those longer-term goals. So clearly, we’ve had some choppiness here in terms of the rate that we’re bringing back aircraft and employees and restoring the network. So that created some lumpiness in our cost trends. But we’ve done our very best here, at least looking ahead for 2023, to include all of those inflationary pressures and the guidance that we provided to you this morning.
Tammy Romo: Yes. No, great question. You’re absolutely right. We saw an improvement in our other expenses as we’ve seen rates improve here. So yes, no, we are investing that cash in obviously what we consider to be secure investments, but we do expect interest income to continue to outpace interest expense.
Tammy Romo: Yes, I covered that pretty well in my remarks. Obviously, we want to get back to our long-standing tradition of healthy shareholder returns. And we continue to be thoughtful in our capital allocation decisions. Clearly, we want to drive future growth and value. As you’re aware, the PSP restrictions on dividends and share repurchases just expired at the end of the third quarter. And we’ll – as we look ahead to December, we’ll discuss our 2023 plans with you in more detail, but I would just say that our capital allocation priorities really haven’t changed. And as I said earlier, we have a long-standing dividend history, so reinstating a dividend continues to be a high priority for us. As we’ve been doing here this year, we’ve been looking for opportunities to reduce our debt, and we’ll continue to look for opportunities that make sense for us there. And importantly, we continue to invest in our company and our people and are certainly focused on wrapping up our negotiation of all of our open labor contracts. And at the right time, it will – we do intend to resume share repurchases as part of our shareholder return equation, just like we have done in the past. So we’re just trying to balance all of that. And again, not to – I think it is important to repeat, we just – all of this assumes that the demand environment remains steady. And certainly, we haven’t seen any step back here as we are talking to you today, but we’ll want to continue to monitor the environment. But so far, so good on that front. And we’ll just keep you apprised of our plans as we update them.
Tammy Romo: I’m not going to speculate with you, Jamie, on any particular percentages, but we certainly take labor contracts and what market rates in – as an input into our accruals. So we do monitor those and do our best job to estimate labor rates. But obviously, there are estimations involved with that. But it’s not – we don’t – we evaluate that every quarter and update as we feel is necessary, which is what we’ve been doing really starting back in the beginning of the second quarter.
Tammy Romo: That yes, I think that is a fair assessment and how our ability to bring on that capacity. So yes, I would agree with that.
Tammy Romo: Yes. We thought about all of that as we've shared our guidance with you this morning. But yes, there is certainly an impact as we hire new employees. There is some dilution as a result of that that that offset somewhat some of the inflation that we're seeing, of course. But on the other hand, there is a penalty, if you will, because we're continuing to hire to fund future growth. So, there is that probably washes itself out a bit as we look ahead into 2023.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And just one last thought just to emphasize again in our order book that we have with Boeing gives us tremendous flexibility. And there’s a lot of detail in our release today, and we’ve been converting, as you can see there, to -8s along the way here. So we’ve been able to manage through really without any issues so far.
Bob Jordan: Hey, Andrew. This is Bob. Yes, I agree with Tammy. The goals stand. The – if you’re thinking that – you saw we noted that deliveries as an example only, some of this delivery – these delivery issues with Boeing could persist into 2024, so you could still be, to some extent, wringing out some of the inefficiencies that are caused by some of that and just still folks entering training, going back to – going out under the line. Some of that could persist early into 2024, but no, absolutely, all the goals stand.
Bob Jordan: Yes. Jamie, this is Bob. And again, we’re going to be talking with our Board in the next month about just capital returns, and then we’ll be sharing a lot more of this with you at our Investor Day in December. I don’t know that you can be that prescriptive in terms of the exact order, but it’s very important for us to get these labor deals done. I mean it’s – I think we have great employees. We want to reward them. They’re highly paid today. We want them to be even more – even better paid. You’re starting to see deals by others. You’re starting to see us get some TAs out there. So I think it’s clear the high priority would be the dividend restoration. And then as you’ve seen us, we’ve had opportunities to take – to reduce debt, which we’ve done. But no, the – getting our labor deals done is a very high priority for our people.
Bob Jordan: Duane, I think they all hang together. So, we – I mean we’ve got several goals. We need to continue to restore our ops reliability. We’ve got to get staff, that’s really pilots, next year so that we can fly our whole fleet. That enables the ability to restore the network. In other words, get all the stuff that we flew pre-pandemic back into the network. We’ll be sort of 90% restored this summer. We think 100% fully restored by the end of next year 2023. Why that’s important is because that capacity is going back into markets that we were in, so they’re going into markets that we are very strong in, we have a strong customer base. So it comes on at much less risk than opening a new market. So that ties into the revenue performance in the margin discussion, because it helps. The – but no, the goal – on top of those goals in 2023, the goal is to grow revenues, to grow profits, to grow margins and to grow returns.
Bob Jordan: Well, you’ve got again strong revenue performance, and that’s for a number of reasons. The other thing, you’ve got our initiatives coming fully online, as Andrew pointed out. So the contribution is sort of [indiscernible] EBITDA in 2023, and we’ve been right on track, hitting the contributions that we told you about in terms of our revenue initiatives. We have work to do on the cost front. Some of our cost pressures are what everybody is seeing, their inflation, in particular, wage inflation, some other categories. Another piece of that are inefficiencies that again, I would argue, almost everybody is seeing. They’re just folks in training, not flying all your fleet, just not back to the efficiency levels that you were pre-pandemic. And so we’ve got an opportunity to work on – we talked to you about this, especially in the operations area, is tools, processes, ways to take cost out of our – of the operation, in particular, and we’ll be sharing a lot of that at Investor Day here in December.
Bob Jordan: And I think of – you’ve also got – this is the way to think about the capacity that we’ve given you. So, we’ve given you the 10% in the first quarter and the 14% in the second quarter, probably gives you some guidance out of – we’re not ready to offer 2023 full year capacity, but to give you some way maybe think about that. Another just – it wasn’t exactly your question, but just to tie to that, when you think about the capacity for the first half of the year, the vast majority of that is just carryover from capacity that was implemented in 2022. I think, Andrew, it’s upwards of 90%.
Bob Jordan: So you got about 90% of that capacity is just stuff that’s carried over from things that were added back as we restore the network in 2022, if that helps. The – I agree with Andrew on the delivery front. I don’t – we don’t see a scenario right now where the Boeing deliveries are reduced to the point where somehow that limits our ability to put into place the capacity that we want. Because, again, we’re pilot-constrained in all likelihood through the end of the year. So we – again, our intent is we publish schedules, our intent through the middle of the summer our intent is to fly those. I don’t think those will be affected by any delivery issues. And I do expect to, like all companies, as the year moves along next year, I don’t want to speak for Boeing, but as you continue to work on supply chain, whether that’s engine or parts or whatever, I would assume they’ll begin to stabilize those deliveries. And so no, I don’t think it will have an impact on 2023.
Bob Jordan: Yes. I would just say, yes, Andrew and I had the pleasure of spending a week in Hawaii in May, and it was – it's clear that people love us, but they don't all know us. And this gives us a chance to introduce ourselves. It was also really clear, a much better inter island schedule was something they really wanted and needed. And the last thing I would just say, I've been with Southwest 34 years and we've gone in – in my time we've gone into lots and lots of new markets, new cities, and grown some of those to what today are – what we would call mega stations. And using introductory pricing to really introduce ourselves to the market and drive traffic is a – it's a tactic that we have used very successfully here for years and years and years and this is very similar.
Bob Jordan: I've really – I can't speak to the industry and what their plans are. I think if you look ahead especially with aircraft, if you look ahead at in sort of the intermediate term in terms of capacity, as Andrew noted, a lot of carrier's capacity will remain moderated for a while here. We suspect that because of the same pilot constraints that we have, but it does look like it'll remain moderated for a while. And I'll go back to what I said in terms of [indiscernible], so how that, what kind of interacts with the yield environment I think we'll just have to see. But the best guess would be that for a while here you do have moderated overall capacity. Again, if you look at us, we've got more capacity growth, a lot of that is carry over, but it is nearly all back into markets that we served pre-pandemic, served successfully have an established customer base. And so we see that as very different than going putting all the service into new markets that then have to be developed. So those will – that's why the plans next year continued expansion of the revenue, plan continuing expansion of margins, continuing expansions of profits. So I see those things a little bit differently. But now we can't manage the industry environment. All we can do is manage Southwest Airlines.
Bob Jordan: And I think some of that proficiency question, which we've been asked a lot is probably different by work group. So you take a pilot and they out of training and you've got two pilots in the cockpit and you are proficient. In other words, you're not becoming more productive over time. You are flying the aircraft and you are fully proficient. Other jobs, on the ramp, for example, you're trained, but it takes a long time to understand the nuance of the job. You're paired with somebody else. Mike uses the word get our tempo back. You're just slow at first, scanning bags, that kind of thing. So you got other jobs that over time we will gain efficiency and as folks in those jobs get their tempo or their full proficiency back. So I think it does vary by work group. But there is opportunity for sure, opportunity for sure in 2023 to begin to ring those efficiencies out of the operation.
Bob Jordan: Well, we'll be sharing a lot of this in December at Investor Day. I think that normalization of that number is being affected by a number of things. It's just, again, it's the inefficiency in the system that will take, I think, all of 2023 to ring that out. It will take flying all of our aircraft, it will take becoming proficient. It's also going to take modernization of some of our tools and processes – and again, we're going to share a lot of this stuff using new tools and processes, taking paper out of the turn so that it takes less labor in some areas as an example to perform the same tasks. We also have to take a look on the other side of things, like if we're going to continue to take, I'm just making this up, but the MAX 8 for a while, like we have been in, in lieu of the -7, well, it takes an extra flight attendant to manage that aircraft. And so we’re going to have to just think about the 80 in that context. But the goal remains to be efficient in terms of employees per aircraft. And we’ll share an update on our thinking and then how to close that gap at our December Investor Day.
Bob Jordan: And Robert, the only thing I would add, I do think it’s interesting, I mean these are new phenomenon, right? So these – some of this – the leisure strength has been with us for a long time now coming out of COVID. We’ve had very strong leisure. But the sort of the shifting of leisure into some of the prior off peak periods and strength in typically off months like a September and day a week and all those things, they’re noticeable. You can see them, and they’re real. What I think we want to be careful with is trying to decide that this is forever. I think as we continue – as the business travel continues to restore and as people’s work habits, if that’s a piece of this, as they continue to move, I think it’s going to take a while for all of this to settle down, and I do think it continues to change. So I would – I’ve personally been slow to decide that we have a new trend, and that’s the trend for a long period of time. What’s really – what we’re focused on is whatever the why and this idea of blending business and leisure, the trends are really good. The leisure trends are really strong. The business trends have come out of that dip and they are strengthening. So our revenue trends overall are really strong. They’re strengthening further in the fourth quarter. I think we think they’ll strengthen further in 2023. So that’s the focus versus trying to understand in exact detail whether some of these things are forever.
Bob Jordan: Yes, I think we’re in so much better shape. The other thing just to remember, especially Christmas and New Year’s last year, we were dealing with Omicron. So in addition to being a little tighter than we would like on staffing generally, we went in two to three weeks, we suddenly had thousands of employees that were out with Omicron at the tail end of December and early January, which made the staffing, it just really compounded that staffing question. So that’s really what you saw last Christmas and New Year’s. We – as Mike mentioned, we’ve had focus on – like always on managing the summer really well and then managing these holiday periods like the 4th of July really, really well because obviously, they’re important to our customers. And our – Mike, I think our cancel rate was well under 1%. I mean, we had terrific operations during those summer holiday periods, and we will focus on the operation overall. And then, of course, the holiday period is same way this fall. But bottom-line, we are so much better staffed. And again, we – I know I mentioned this three or four times, we’ve not republished our schedules. And that schedule stability, it just makes our staffing even more efficient because our crews haven’t been moved around just like our customers have moved around if we have to republish the schedule.
Bob Jordan: Leslie – Mike, you don't mind, I’ll talk about the rates, and then you talked about the other – on the rates, as Tammy pointed, we constantly update those. And I’m not going to talk about negotiations here, obviously. We’re in mediation with both our pilots and our flight attendants. And I’m hopeful that helps, and it helps move us to a deal sooner. Because again, I want to get contracts, and we’d love to get them soon with our awesome employees. But we are – as you look at both inflation and then as you look at deals that are occurring in the industry, we had Alaska just had a pilot deal last week, for example.  As Tammy mentioned, we look at those and then we manage our accruals accordingly. And I would say, you never know until you get there. But I would say, right now, it feels like we’re were adequately accrued for all our groups beginning last April, of course, but I think our approvals look really reasonable to me. Now the markets really move. Who knows? But in terms of what we’ve seen happen so far, our accruals are very reasonable. And Mike, just the changes to the pilot requirements.
Andrew Watterson: What I’d add is, yes, we had some company-specific drags in Q3 that have either gone away or attenuated. And at the same time, we saw some business travel weakness there during the summertime, which was unexpected. But then as we exit the summer, we saw business travel pick back up. And business travel, in general, has had a nice line – trend line of restoration from post vaccines till today, but it’s had some kind of ups and downs unexpected times. And it took kind of a down, as Tammy said, during early Q3, and now it’s kind of ticked back up. And so that combined with some of the actions we took on a little bit less short haul that we sent out, I think those things combined and showed us good both volume and yield acceleration from Q3 to Q4.
Andrew Watterson: It’s Andrew. The new fare product, Wanna Get Away Plus, is one we talked about at Investor Day last year, and we rolled out in Q2. It was part of the bundle of initiatives we said next year would give us about between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of EBIT. So we didn’t break out the line item for that nor do we break out the take rate. What I have said and will say again is that the large majority of our customers will still buy the anchor Wanna Get Away, so this allows us to have more bite-sized sell-ups for additional features that customers will only pay for and don’t have a huge cost of delivery for us. So some intangible costs, but don’t have a big cost for delivery. And we have a cross-functional team whose job it is, is to take that product, which was delivered exceptionally well from a technical perspective, and move it to our inside target take rate for the customers. They’re making great progress on that. They’ve already done a different – taking different actions on merchandising and on price and how they communicate to customers. And so we are seeing really good progress. It’s on its track to hit the business case, and we couldn’t be happy with it.
Andrew Watterson: Well, I appreciate the philosophical question on my last revenue call. But I think entire 2019 comps, so hopefully, next year, we’ll start talking about 2019. You do have a supply-demand mismatch right now in the industry. And you have a bounce-back from this recession that was stronger than any other recession that kind of I recall. And certainly, going back maybe one of the 1980s, early 1980s, those recessions had a we [ph] like this, but it was extraordinary. So it’s unusual do you have demand quickly outstripping supply like this. So it’s going to take a while, I think, for the industry to have supply come back up. Because whether you have economic softness for next quarter, next year, whatever, it will keep chugging along and generating more demand. And given that some airlines are having trouble getting pilots and the airframers are having trouble kind of meeting their target delivery dates, it’s going to – supply is going to be hard to come by at an industry level for a couple of years now. So, I think we have a couple of years where demand and supply may not be as aligned as it was pre-pandemic, which I think will have these yield tailwinds for a while. So that’s about as far as I think one can reasonably see in this industry, but definitely a couple of years of supply headwinds and demand tailwinds.
Andrew Watterson: And I have to compliment Mike and Tammy on this. In the middle of the pandemic, where people are focused on day-to-day, they made the decision to expand our training facility by putting in more bays, to order simulators when no one else is doing either. So when we came out, we actually have more training capacity now than we had pre-pandemic by quite a bit. And so even though we’re at capacity, this capacity was added during the pandemic when everyone else was thinking about today, they were thinking about tomorrow.
Andrew Watterson: Yes, Savi, it’s Andrew. We did see coming out from June to July and August, both some volume and yield softness in managed business, which then turned around in September and in October. And so it was clearly different behavior. As I mentioned before, there’s been kind of the start-stop, start-stop of managed business from kind of post-vaccine rollout. And it’s hard to get – be super clear on exactly the drivers are, but we do hear lots of anecdotes over the summer of companies reinstating PTO caps. Therefore, people had to take PTO during the summer. Also, many companies put in place kind of hybrid work, but then had remote July, where you could kind of work remotely for the month of July. And therefore, you don’t travel for business reasons. So lots of these anecdotes fit with a summer slowdown in travel, but then resume post Labor Day with a nice tick-up post Labor Day, and that trend continued to accelerate from September into October. So not too much about why, but it was clear this is what happened and both volume and fare are improving now for managed business as we exit the summer.
Andrew Watterson: I think what Bob said earlier that we’re pilot-constrained until the end of next year. So a lot of what we’re doing for the bulk of next year is really paced by our pilot training capacity, not by Boeing deliveries. Obviously, these are much more efficient aircraft about to fly, but it’s not the delivery rate that’s really constraining 2023 for the bulk of the year.
Andrew Watterson: That's true. We from last summer through last winter we had a much longer stage length because we had fewer short haul that did hurt. We determine the network stability. A bad day could become a very bad day and so to hedge against that we restored the short haul sooner than we would've otherwise paced it based on demand in starting Q2 of this year. And that has proven a robust decision because when we've had bad days and with a lot of bad days over the summer, we operated just fine, got through them in contrast to some of our competitors. Now that does lead to a kind of imbalanced network where the stage length is much shorter as you point out and so when we talk about restoration, we're essentially talking about adding in longer haul, medium to longer haul departures from now through the end of next year to fully restore the network. It'll bring a back-up balance but well, I won't say we'll have every city payer have the same number of frequency we had before. We will – every city will have its kind of pre-pandemic network as far as or it's serving customers who want to fly for business, visiting friends and relatives and holidays. So I think you'll see a kind of regular Southwest network stage length and composition by the end of next year.
Andrew Watterson: Its Andrew, I'll start off and then Bob can correct me where he needs to. Obviously we won't talk about forward pricing, but what I will say is the current pricing is we have a special and in effect since really at the end of summer where we have a low price and we guarantee that low price for customers. This is not at all in common. You look back over Southwest's history and we've done this many, many times. So it's not unusual that we do this to incent trials. Kind of to work backwards here. Bob and I were there this past summer, met with a lot of customers, a lot of stakeholders, and we saw we're aware of Southwest, they knew us, they didn't know about us too much. They had not tried us as much. And so to kind of incent that trial we had this low far and we had it available all the time just to make it really easy for people to try us and we've seen a kind of explosive growth and use by the local customer to fly us for travel between the islands. The travel between the island is much reduced from what it was before that, that's because the mainland travel from vacation has come back to its pre-pandemics levels, but it had not come back interisland. In general, when we were visiting people we're not traveling in interisland as much as they used to back before it was a monopoly. And so we wanted to get people back in the habit of traveling to Neighbor Island. It was a family to go to football games for all the reasons one might in the mainland getting your car and drive. And so it was really about getting people used to a different behavior, which is you can count on low prices between the islands, and once you got them – get them back knowing that they can adjust how they're going to allocate their budget, what they're going to do on the weekends. And we think that ultimately ends up to having a more robust interisland market compared to before when it was characterized by high prices and monopoly service. So we think this is a pathway onto that. Now, our schedule also at the same time been changed. Our entry into Hawaii, we viewed it as a franchise, and that franchise includes mainland, offline as well as Neighbor Island flying and we kind of dimensionalize that based on customer feedback. So we went out to Hawaii well before we started flying, and we heard from people, yes, it's great you're going to fly from the mainland Southwest, but can you please give us interisland travel? We heard all kinds of sad stories of not being able to visit friends and relatives. And so we came and we put that back into our business plan. We figured out a good network that would provide good robust reliability and customer options to have some very short mainland – very short interisland flying and some long haul mainland flying. And the combination looks good on paper to us. We've kind of adjusted that based on feedback. We heard from a lot of the local customers, please fly to Vegas. So we added Vegas to it. They said, hey, Southwest, it's great you're offering options but I need more – a better schedule so I can get back home because if you've ever been to Maui, they have very nice hotels, but they're quite expensive. So if you're a business traveler you don't stay over, you come back home. And so you look at that and you think of business travelers as your white collar workforce, which is true in Hawaii, but they also have a blue collar workforce that travels for business construction workers, dock workers, trades people and so they need to be able to get back home each night when they go Neighbor Island to serve their customers. So that led us to having a bit more of a schedule offering that kind of span the day so people could have that that round trip ability. And because we had started off with a little bit more of a looser schedule in Hawaii, because it was very new to us to fly such long stage link, we were able to kind of tighten up our, our scheduling parameters and really didn't use a whole bunch more new aircraft and new crew time because both were there and just not as productive. So we're able to kind of increase that offering without a lot of cost to us. So this all fits down to, I think a franchise that's maturing. We love it, and I think our product fits with the local customers and they're responding and droves by our introductory offer.
Andrew Watterson: I think every – after every recession, business travel demand changes, behavior changes a little bit. So we should expect this time for it to change as well. So we did see during COVID, when business travel was much reduced, we did see leisure travel and periods where you often didn’t see it before. So you still have more leisure travel in July than you do in September. The surprise finding is there’s more leisure travel in September than it used to be. And now during COVID, that led to kind of more – you had peaks and valleys that were kind of more prevalent in COVID because of the absence of business demand. Now as business demand comes back, as we discussed earlier, and that leisure demand is staying. And that’s a surprise. It’s not the case that, as we rotate out of the pandemic and go back into the office, that leisure demand goes away in the off period time. It appears to stick. And so that’s quite welcome. And so that does tend to dampen some level of seasonality, but you’re still going to have that seasonality. It’s a welcome development and – but they’re still going to have peak season and off-peak season.
Andrew Watterson: And as Bob talked, we can easily tolerate that next year. In fact, our network plan and business plan for next year assumes no MAX 7 deliveries. And so you’ve already figured out that we can operate 2023, just fine with all MAX 8 and the 7s we have today. So beyond that, we continue to take in MAX 8 for a period of time as well. The benefit of having such a decentralized network and kind of really good options around the country is that we can rejigger our network without kind of unwinding it. If you have a big hub and spoke, it’s pretty fragile. You have to operate the hubs and spokes just like the hub is supposed to operate; otherwise you miss connectivity for us. We have a lot of flexibility moving our assets around. So that gives us a much bigger tolerance in some to deal with this.
