Gary Kelly: Well, I am going to try to give you -- I am going to try to answer your question and I want to try to be diplomatic and respectful of the negotiations process here. But I would just say our business model Jamie, is great service and low cost. And we -- every single employee at Southwest Airlines signs up for that, and of course we all need to continue to work hard every day to deliver on those two things. So that is our business model, not. There has never been a promise to be the highest paying airline in the industry. And so to the extent that we're able to do that because we produced great results, I think that is terrific. But all of that needs to obviously be negotiated with our labor groups and that's what happens, and that's the way that works. I think the overriding objective for us is to continue to have a healthy company meaning that we are safe and that we're financially strong. And in order to do that we've got continue to offer great service and our objective is to the low cost producer and live up to the low fare brand promise that we have.
Gary Kelly: Let me just affirm virtually everything you said. The only edit I would make is that actually when we acquired Air Tran, their costs were not lower than ours interestingly enough, at least by my analysis.
Gary Kelly: But clearly there are carriers today whose costs are lower. On that point you and I certainly agree. And first of all, I think that is inventible that overtime that an industry will get more competitive, especially when there is a disrupter as there has been with Southwest Airlines. So it is not shocking at all that we have more intense competition today than in any time in our history. And it is a challenge for our Company and something that I'm very confident that our people will rise up to that challenge. But indeed, it will put an obligation on us to continue to innovate and work very, very hard so that we don’t lose our low fare leadership position in the country. So absolutely, it is different and I think we recognize that the industry is more competitive today than it has been ever. I would quickly add by the way that Southwest has never been stronger. We've never had the route network. We've never had the depth and the breadth of the service that we offer. And we've never had a balance sheet this strong, we've never had earnings this strong. So it's really up to us to continue to make sure that we compete and be the best at service and price.
Gary Kelly: Duane, you were fading in and out, but I think we got the gist of your question. Yes, we have -- we can quantify at least from an internal perspective what we think the opportunity is there. I would just start out by acknowledging that that assumes all else as equal and – but, I'm sure that you and everyone else understand that.
Gary Kelly: Tammy, only thing I would say about -- it’s always a fair question; why now? Why not earlier? Why not later? And I think it's back to that convergence or confluence of things. First of all, we’re at a fleet number that is manageable to think about accelerating retirement in that way. We have more out of service time with those airplanes for maintenance reasons than we do the rest of our fleet. And Tammy made that point. I just want to reiterate. You'll get a lot more productivity out of a new airplane than what we are currently getting out of these Classics, which means you don’t necessarily even have to have a tail-by-tail replacement, although that is our plan. But they'll be more efficient. The other thing is that Boeing was available to us. Boeing had delivery positions and we were able to strike a deal with them, and in a way that worked for them and was win for them. It was win for us. So that was key. With respect to our people, think about the people who have to touch the airplane, the pilots, flight attendants, mechanics, specially. It’s just far easier for our people to operate the NextGen than it is the Classic. That's just a fact. So this will simplify a lot of things for all three of those work groups and in particular, our pilots. So it’s a good deal. If it works out, it will be better for our customers and all the way around we're just delighted that we have this alternative available and we’re able pull all together to end of the year. But it was an idea and a decision that was aggressively pursued in 2015, in fact in the later part of 2015 and fortunately it all team together.
Gary Kelly: That's true. That was already a record amount, and as we've allowed here, we were also beginning to have serious thoughts and conversations with the Boeing company and what -- how that cash flow might flow from that deal. So I think what's material is that we have announced the $500 million today.
Gary Kelly: Yes. You bet, yes sir you bet. No. There is no -- I think our operations folks have done a marvelous job. They are doing what is for us ten turns a day on a gate with well -- in less than full utilization of 18 gates. So the operation actually is doing fine, which simply means that we have --- when we finally get access to all the gates, we will be able to put more flights in there. But you'll note Hunter, that we make changes all over the country, and we don’t make dramatic changes in Dallas, but you've got markets like Seattle that come into mind and Fort Myers, Florida where we make very significant seasonal adjustments. The other things that I mentioned to the media on this very same question this morning is that you know that we have a lot of new flying that's transpired since October 2014. And I went through all that stuff and so has Tammy. So with all of those new way routes, I think we would readily admit to you that in some cases we may have too many flights in some places, we may not have enough flights in places, and so there is always some tuning that continues, and that is all that's going on here at Love Field. So my recollection -- we'll still at a 180 daily departures, which probably cut through everything, and answers your questions best that way. But yes we've got some pluses and minuses in routes, and there's nothing unusual about that.
Gary Kelly: Well. I love your question. Well, everybody's question, but that -- I think that's one that's an interesting one to share. And I'm happy to have an opportunity to address it. We want to be the best service at the lowest price. Period. And describing price, I would agree that we are going to have to do some comparisons between unbundled pricing versus our more bundled approach. All-in, I want Southwest Airlines to be the lowest price. We'll win if we have the best service at the lowest price. And that's been our tradition, that's been our history, that’s what the whole Company is based upon, and that's what our growth plans are fundamentally based upon. I think it is a slippery slope to accept that our costs and our fares can be higher based on service, because as you well know, there is a long list of failures in the airline industry who pursue that exact strategic plan. And it's really a compound. It really not facing up to the challenges of finding more and better ways to compete on cost and on price. So thing I love about Southwest is it's been a Company who has been able to do both. And the other thing that you find I think, which is a slippery slope is companies can change. And while service may not be a great attribute for some of our competitors today, who will go on unnamed, who is to say as they can change that in the future. And so we need to continue to strive to be the best at both, and we need -- while we may not have all the answers at any given point in time, I think that that needs to continue to be our guiding line.
Gary Kelly: Mike, the only other thing I would just point out is we had the same question here after -- so Thanksgiving occurred the Paris attacks. And whether there was an effect on bookings with us, with our competitor, I don't know. That's hard to tease out all of that. But the other thing that's going here is if you looking the border GDP results for the fourth quarter, and they weren’t very good. So it's possible that the industry was seeing some softening in demand that led to more aggressive discounting. And it's coupled with the industry also growing faster than GDP. So it wouldn’t be shocking to find that there was a little bit of a rough patch there and just trying to get supply and demand cleared at the right price. So -- but any of that -- beyond that, we're continuing to manage our developing markets. We're continuing to manage our markets in which there are competitive changes in terms of pluses and minuses in activity and overall the demand -- that all -- as we said -- demand, it all adds up to I think a very solid outlook. And I'll just reiterate one more time, that our results are not adjusted for the difference in stage, length and gauge. If you do that, we're turning in positive unit revenue performances in the fourth quarter for the full year 2015, and that would also continue to be our outlook in the first quarter.
Gary Kelly: It is – I think it was 8.3 in the fourth quarter or so. The high watermark is going to be this quarter and then it will start trending down from there, but I will defer to you on the rest of the quarters, Ms. Romo.
Gary Kelly: So in other words we were already long with a position for '16 and '17 as 2015 unfolded. So Tammy and her team are continuing to work those positions off as best they can, but then any additional hedges that they're doing, they're doing with the call options to answer your question there.
Tammy Romo: It is if fuel goes higher, it certainly shrinks. I'll start there. And no, it is not entirely locked in. But I think the main takeaway there is that we -- as prices go down, so does our fuel bill as well. So yes, I gave you a pretty good amount of detail there on our hedge as I walk through our -- my comments there. So I think we're positioned very well. We know what we have to manage and I think we're positioned well, if fuel prices go up or if they go down from here.
Tammy Romo: Yes, just a couple of comments there to maybe help you out, Duane. We had, again like you said a high number -- high percentage of our markets were under development. You know what those markets are and I'll remind you that the high percentages did include the market that we were converting from AirTran over to Southwest. So the point I'm making there is not all of the markets are created equal. Obviously we reported a lot on Dallas, Love Field and are very pleased with how those markets are progressing. But we wouldn’t expect our international markets as an example to mature at the rate we would say Dallas or even the AirTran markets. So they're all a little bit different, but I can at least help quantify the impact we're expecting here in the first quarter. And if you -- it's probably in terms of -- it's probably at 1 point, I call it -- maybe not even a 1-point impact from development markets. So as we move in to 2016, at least my expectation would be that we'll get some tailwinds from our development markets as those continue to mature.
Tammy Romo: And just again on the cost obviously. As always, it's just part of our DNA at Southwest. We're very focused on costs and being the low costs producer, and this is just yet another way to help us as we’re managing our cost here over the next several years.
Tammy Romo: No. It didn’t have anything to do with the fuel hedge collateral, and honestly wouldn't read anything into that at all. We are more focused. As we said this morning we are launching a 500 million accelerated share repurchase and we'll get that launched soon, and then after that we will have 200 remaining on our 1.5, which was approved at our shareholder meeting last night. So we've gone through that authorization pretty darn quick, returning more than a 100% of our free cash flow in 2014 to our shareholders. So I'm very proud of what we did there in 2014 with respect to the share repurchases. So again, actually that included our dividends. So we are -- I don’t think there is anything more to it than that.
Tammy Romo: Yes. You are exactly right, Savi. The guidance for the full year is more 1%. So you are exactly right. It's just the timing of when our expenses are falling.
Tammy Romo: Yes, Gary I agree. That really was what -- that was primarily what was different from what our forecast was going into the quarter. And by the end of year with the holiday performance in the December, that was actually within our expectations. So as we're just trying to sort through all of that I would just -- our expectation going into the first quarter based on what we've seen so far, and in January is demand seems strong. We're continuing to see strong load factors, but again we're also continuing to see those come in at weaker yields. So at least I guess the way I would characterize at least from what we're seeing so far and our bookings is stabilized.
Tammy Romo: Yes, I'll be happy to take that. We have reduced our hedges here in 2016. So the answer to that question would be yes. We -- we're just looking at what we had last reported to you in terms of our hedge percentages against the main difference would be in the second half of 2016. so we did reduce our hedges there substantially in light of the declining fuel market. So we went from call it 60% to 70% in the second half of 2016 to probably closer to 30% to 35%.
Tammy Romo: That would be going forward, and that's correct. And in fact our 2018 position only represents call options. That's exactly right.
Tammy Romo: The majority of what we've added in 2015 has been call, because all we have is 2018. But yes, I think that would be fair.
