Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning everybody and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Mike Van de Ven, our Chief Operating Officer, has also joined us and you will be hearing from Tom, Mike, and Tammy, so I'm going to be very brief. Given the challenges in the quarter, our people did an exceptional job and produced exceptional results, and I am very grateful to them, I'm very grateful for them and, just at the outset, I really want to thank them. I'm very proud of what our people produced. We produced record earnings per share. From what I've seen, Southwest produced the strongest operating and net margins in the domestic industry, and that is despite our second quarter challenges. We benefited from federal income tax reform, but even that wasn't quite enough to offset the fuel price increases. But once again our people did a great job, as we were under-budget in virtually every other cost category. It feels like the business effects of the April accident are behind us. Our folks did a tremendous job of regenerating booking momentum; close-in yields are strong. We're recovering strongly in third quarter relative to the second quarter, and especially if you take into account the increasing stage length and aircraft gauge. Fourth quarter bookings are also strong, although it's still a good ways out, and the nice thing is that fourth quarter has no headwinds, aside from the usual economic or competitive issues. I want to personally thank Tom and Mike and Tammy for their stellar and steady leadership. And at this time, I'd like to turn it over to Tom to provide an overview of the business, and Mike is going to cover operations, and Tammy is going to wrap it up with cost and financial recap. So, Tom, over to you, sir.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'll start and Tom will clean it up. But I do think that we are in an environment, here in 2018, where the economy is very strong. It's growing and travel demand reflects that. We have improved our revenue-producing capability significantly over the past – oh, call it – seven years and are in the midst now, of course, of taking, I hope, a leg up again. We had some, obviously, well-covered disruptions here in the second quarter. But I think, Jack, most of the things that we're reporting to you are micro, not macro. And no doubt, our competitors benefited from some of our issues in the second quarter and I expect that we will claw that back, and that's happening here. But aside from the – I don't know how you think about it, whether it's micro or macro, when you get down to the industry level, it's still a very competitive industry and the industry collectively is growing, and that means we're facing more competitive capacity as time goes by. But I think most of what Tom is reporting today is mostly unique to Southwest and our execution, working through some challenges. And again, I know we've said it repeatedly, but I think everyone here has done a marvelous job of responding to an unexpected challenge and getting through that. And now I think we've got a lot to look forward to, in addition to planned activities that we're rolling out in 2018. So the nice thing is, we're seeing the results we hoped for and we have more to come. And I'll just put in a little teaser that we have the benefits flowing from our new reservation system, which are well-known and well-covered, and now we need to deliver. And again, Tom's report was we're pretty much on track with that and now we're beginning to work on a portfolio of new ideas that will flow in the future. It's not going to be fourth quarter. It may not even be in 2019, but we need to keep this pipeline full and I'm very confident that our folks will continue to do that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'll start here. We're at a pace to grow in the low 4% range this year. That's down from what I had planned for us for the year. I don't think that we'll grow over 5% next year. That, again, is what we had planned initially for 2018, so it would be something less than that. But we haven't fully baked the year and, yeah, you should – but, Hunter, the point you're making is a good one, which is you should not assume based on what you've seen there for the first part of 2019 that that is our growth rate for the year. I certainly agree with that.
Gary C. Kelly: So now markets take time to mature and we have a set of very mature markets that are well into the profitability range. And we have start-up markets that sometimes will take several years before they reach the kind of maturity that we're satisfied with. But I'll tell you this. Once we decide to put Southwest in a market, we are loathe to pull out. So we have the overall cost structure and operating margins and balance sheet to be patient, and there are a thousand city pair examples over the years that would support that patience. A lot of our competitors, of course, will go in, they pull out, and we're just not going to do that. But wherever we decide to go, it is with, obviously, an eye towards success, which means absolutely fully allocated profitability, of course. We can't achieve the kind of results that we have unless we have a philosophy like that, so I'm not sure I understand the question.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, while I appreciate the complement there and we're very confident and I think our folks have the track record to demonstrate, I did have to chuckle at your report this morning. You know you left the H out of Southwest there.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, the other thing that I noted is that you referred to one of our competitor's historic statement of this is not a hobby. Back to the previous question, it has never been a hobby at Southwest and we have a very long track record of producing. So as we think about the risk associated with next year in light of your question, I wish I could agree with you that thinking about a year is a layup, because it's just a tough business. Things happen. And they just have to be managed and we need to plan and manage the company in such a way that we could absorb the unexpected. And that's why it's important, far from this being a hobby, you have to have a strong balance sheet, you have to have strong profit margin, so you can absorb the kind of unexpected blows that no doubt will come up. It could be higher fuel prices next year. It could be a recession. It could be undesired, back to Tammy's comment, complaint about our – even the modest cost pressures that we're seeing here in the second half, it could be unexpected cost pressures. So all of that has to be managed and there's just tremendous operating leverage in an airline, because of all the high fixed costs. So all that just needs to be balanced accordingly. Now, understanding we're in the business to take a risk as we assess the outlook for 2019, I agree with you. I think that the economy looks pretty good. I'm not overly concerned about fuel price increases from here. Tammy's pointed out, I think, very well how well our hedge is positioned. We have very modest levels of debt. We don't have any significant debt financing requirements. And we have new equipment coming in next year, which is 100% MAX. This year, obviously, we're getting a blend of some NGs, as well as MAX. So it's a pretty good setup for next year. We'll need to manage our expansion and it will be Hawaii. And then secondly, we need to manage the execution of various initiatives we have under way and our spending there, and then just our overall cost. So, as I've put in the press release in my comment, I want more of a focus of our company on the operating cost as a priority than what it has been over the last 5 to 10 years, simply because we had higher priorities. We needed to transform Southwest, which our folks have done. So I would just – hopefully that's responsive to your question.
Gary C. Kelly: We never ever approach a year as if it is a layup. That's, quite frankly, when you get into trouble. But even in a year like this one, we're having a few unexpected challenges, our folks are doing extraordinarily well. So I think we'll be very well-positioned and I think, once again, I believe we'll have a really good 2019.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I don't think we need to change the essence of what Southwest Airlines is to still find opportunities to drive revenues. And I think the way you – it's not ready for primetime, although we are looking at the prioritization of our initiatives over the next three years to see how we might want to fit some new ideas in. The main reason I wanted to bring it up today is, we've had a good flow of initiatives over the last 5 to 10 years, and they have served us well. And we have not mentioned what's next and what is beyond our new reservation system, and we're in the midst of executing that. And I think that there's – fortunately, I think that there are a lot more opportunities and when they're ready for primetime, we'll share them. So it is mainly just to let our investors know that we're not sitting idly by and counting on the initiatives that you know of, that now it is time for us to get busy on the next stream, and I would expect that in the not too distant future that Tammy and Ryan would be in a position to begin unveiling those.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, obviously, it can't be ignored. And I think the one thing that I've not talked about that I do want to just make the point in terms of how we're thinking about capacity is, we have invested a great deal in Southwest Airlines, and especially in recent years. And by definition, the investment means for the future, for future growth. We've just opened up a new training facility across the street from our headquarters. We've just acquired new flight training simulators. We're investing in airports across the country, and all of that creates overhead. And to not add capacity and absorb that would sub-optimize the investment that has been made in the company, which has been very, very necessary. So I would just ask you to also factor that in. A lot of operating leverage, a very heavy amount of fixed costs in our business, and you just leave a lot on the table if you don't fully take advantage of those investments. Now, the concern that you have about higher fuel prices, that's why we hedge. That's why we think it is important to hedge. And I think that it's served us extremely well over the past generation in something that – as I think about the next generation in Southwest, I hope they always employ that kind of a risk management technique. But at the margin, higher fuel prices have to make us a little more circumspect about our expansion, and it probably causes us to take less risk with the additional flights that we add. I think finally, if we do decide that we need to reduce capacity, we have more flexibility built into Southwest today than ever. Again, from a growth plan, it's not literally reducing the fleet, but we have more flexibility today than ever. And it just comes with a penalty, a unit cost penalty, because there'll be a lot of unabsorbed overhead, if you will. So all of that just needs to be balanced and right now my view for 2019 is that it is a year that looks very solid in terms of us thinking about expanding not more than 5%, as I mentioned to Hunter, but certainly it's a year that we feel like the risk/reward is such that it argues in favor of continuing our expansion.
Gary C. Kelly: ...flat plus or minus range, so we've got – as usual, there's just a lot of stuff in the stew. So there's pluses, there's minuses, and that is one. That is assuming, of course, we don't have a similar impact again this year, but that's what's implicit in there.
Gary C. Kelly: And, Savi, the only way I would try to answer your question, it's not different than what Tom is saying at all, but we know where we are today and we know where we've come from, and we're really happy about that. We have good line of sight to most of the third quarter and we're very happy with that. You know, like we do, that trying to forecast 60 days, much less 90 or 120 days out, it's just not accurate. Clearly, one can logically put together a set of expectations that say second quarter turned out pretty good, all things considered. Third quarter, as of July 26, has shown notable improvement, which I would have expected, but you still have to go do it. And then the third quarter is hampered by a few things and those kind of burdens clear in the fourth quarter. So one would expect, I think, that fourth quarter is better yet again than the third quarter. And, obviously, if we're talking flat to up or slightly up or down, logically then you would say, yeah, that means that fourth quarter is positive. So I think all those things ring true. It's just we're not ready to forecast that. We don't have enough information to do that, but we're very encouraged with the trends and I agree with the way Tom described it, which is we have palpable momentum and with a little bit of luck here, the momentum will continue to build.
Gary C. Kelly: And, Helane, I did want to – you didn't specifically ask about it, but just on the business of Hawaii, we have a long track record with our network planning group of predicting the success or failure, quite frankly, of new routes, additional frequencies, and so forth. So their forecast accuracy is quite amazing and, of course, you'd have to factor in the unknown, how will competitors react and so on. But just to repeat that the gateways, say, the four gateways from California to the four island destinations that we've selected, all forecast very well. And then in addition to that, while the inter-island was not our initial vision, if you will, for our Hawaii service, once we were asked to look at that and once we took a good look at it with the way we would flow our aircraft, it also forecasted really well, so we're very enthused about that, how fast it will ramp-up, I think, remains to be seen, of course. As we were talking earlier, nothing is ever a layup, but the work that Mike has been conducting has gone exceptionally well. And, I would say, just from my thumbnail sketch of it, we're right where we thought we would be, but there is still work remaining between now and the fall, and ultimately it's up to the FAA to decide whether they're going to give us the good housekeeping seal of approval here. But so far, that's gone really well. And then on the business side of things, we are no less enthused. If anything, what I was trying to suggest is that as we've looked at more opportunities, we've gotten even more enthused about that. So it'll be our commercial focus here pretty soon and we're going to stick with it and we will succeed.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Great questions. Well, let me be very blunt. We are not looking at assigning seats right now. We're not talking about assigning seats now, and we're not talking about looking at it at some time in the future. Just trying to be very clear on your questions. On the points that you make – well, before I address that, the opportunities that we have to layer in some additional initiatives don't require assigned seating and they are very handsome opportunities. These are ideas. They're until – as my good friend Bob Jordan always says, it's an idea until it's a plan. And so we're in the midst of developing some plans. But it does not require assigned seating to pursue some really exciting opportunities I feel like we have. Now, everything you said is true. There are absolutely customers who demand assigned seating. We do have examples around the world where carriers have gone to assigned seating. Assigned seating does open up an array of opportunities that we could think about. Tom, I think it probably is fair to say that the new reservation system at least puts us in a position where we can more realistically think about that. So I like being in a position where some day, if we decide to do it, we could evaluate assigned seating. And it ain't happening now and it won't happen next year. And why I would want to predict anything beyond 18 months, I don't know, so I won't. But I think, Duane, all I wanted to allow is that – with our investors, is that look it's something that we could consider. There are pluses and minuses on balance to this point. In our Southwest life, we have concluded that we are better off with what we're doing today, and I still believe that by the way, but it doesn't mean that we can't come back and revisit that at some point in the future. But we don't need it right now. And what I'm really excited about here in the near term are things that we don't get asked about as much or talk about as much, and it's all the things on the operations side that Mike Van de Ven has underway with a new maintenance record keeping system, a new flight following system, and just better communication capabilities for our operations employees, which should put us in a position to offer better customer service and be more efficient. Our folks are running a really great airline right now and it will only get better. And now, to be able to think about layering in some more new revenue initiatives is very exciting. And one of these days, we can cuss and discuss about assigned seating, but it's nothing that's happening right now.
Gary C. Kelly: Part of our current thinking is all the facts that you all know, which is if we're not the strongest brand in airlines, we are among the strongest brands, and that's with the product that we offer today, to Tom's point, about what our customers told us more than 10 years ago. And number two, doing it the way we do it, we've been the largest airline in the country for 15 years. So I don't like the saying, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, but there's certainly no evidence that it's broken.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, thanks for the question. I would just want to get my factoids straight here, but the – first of all, we had a very solid second quarter. I think you're familiar with the challenges that we had, so despite the challenges. And during the quarter our fares were down year-over-year 4.4%. So despite the fact that fuel prices were up, we used savings from the tax reform to kind of fund that, if you will, and we didn't sock it to our customers. So we're America's low fare leader. We work hard to keep our fares low. And to the extent that fares go up at Southwest, we try to do that in, obviously, a modest and gradual way. Obviously, if our overall costs go up, it puts pressure on us and we need to be compensated for our service and some things have to be passed along to the customer. But we're in good shape and we had a solid quarter. So we've got some – I think we'll have very good comparisons with our average fare levels this year versus last year. So I'm certainly not warning you or anybody that they need to be looking out for fare increases coming from Southwest. Doesn't mean we won't increase fares. I'm just saying that we're in good shape and right now you're not seeing overall fare increases.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, and again, I think all I was trying to illustrate is that our fares are down and they're down every year since 2014, as I recall. So we're doing a good job of holding the line for our customers, and so I think by extension, because we have not been raising fares overall, I think one can understand that, no, we haven't, "reached the limit." But I think the other thing I would in fairness to you and your question, is we don't talk about where we're going with our fares, and so I wasn't intending to hint to you what we might be doing tomorrow or six months from now. That's not appropriate and for competitive reasons also, we wouldn't want to do that. But that's what our behavior has been and that's where we were in the second quarter, and so hopefully that answers...
Gary C. Kelly: I didn't offer anything specific. It was worse than generic. It was very obtuse and I know that. It's basically just to let folks know that we're working on it and enthused about some ideas that we have. However, to your question, the specific question you posed, we are not thinking about bag fees. We are not thinking about change fees.
Gary C. Kelly: No, that's not in the basket of things that I was alluding to. Now, having said that, we can always think about the opportunity that you just described. I would kind of lump that in with assigned seating, and that's something that we could always do. But, Dave, we can't guarantee today, 20 years ago, 40 years ago, that every time you look for a fare, that we will be the lowest fare. We can't guarantee that. That's never been the case. The vast – I don't know if it's the vast majority. The majority of the time, Southwest will be the low fare and it's an easy claim to make if you include the bag fees and change fees, and that's something that we keep track of. Obviously, we're very familiar with the revenue. What airlines try to do is to generate a certain amount of revenue per departure. And through an array of features that are offered, some customers will willingly pay more and some will willingly pay less, and that is the theory in a nutshell. So your question certainly has merit, but we're not specifically targeting that technique as a revenue initiative at this time.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, yeah, that's how it works. That's my point is that, yes, I think airlines understand that customers – they don't speak with one voice, so they come to us with an array of objectives. Some people want more, some people want less for a cheaper price. And so we try to strike that balance and offer them what we can professionally, expertly deliver, if you will. But, yeah, we do what you're describing today. We offer Business Select today. We offer EarlyBird today. So we do offer an array of attributes, and we try to make it a pure choice for the customer as opposed to forcing a customer to pay for a bag fee. With respect to what our competitors do, we try to avoid the complexity, make it really easy. You don't have to jump through any hoops to have free bags on Southwest Airlines. And that works very well for us and we get tremendous brand loyalty as a consequence of that. So I think the answer to your question is, yes. And, David, we choose not to do those things. And obviously, what we've chosen to do works very well for us and makes us the most profitable airline, so I'm just glad everybody else doesn't do what we do.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Thanks, Tom. Well, as you all know, the operation really picks up steam in the second quarter as summer travel gets into full swing. And we operate over 4,000 weekday flights during the quarter and we carry almost 400,000 customers a day over the period, so that's all Southwest Airlines. We don't spread any of that over partners or regional providers, and I don't believe any other carrier alone comes close to that kind of volume. So I am very proud of our team, our people, our frontline. They are warriors out there. They care about our customers. They care about each other. And there were certainly strong headwinds that they had to lean into to deliver a very solid operating performance in the second quarter. Of course, Tom's already mentioned that the primary headwind was the acceleration of our fan blade inspection program. So we accelerated our program prior to issuance of any mandatory inspection protocols, and we completed inspections on about 17,000 fan blades in 30 days. We also in May had 17 aircraft out of service for about a week as a result of a really freak hailstorm over a small section of our gate area in Denver. So both of those items reduced the amount of aircraft we had available to fly for scheduled service. And that, plus really the normal summer of thunderstorms, put us in operational recovery mode for really a large part of the second quarter. And despite all those headwinds, our on-time performance improved about 0.5 point from last year. So we had about 77% of our flights arrive within 15 minutes of scheduled arrival, and that's a little lower than what I would like, but it's closer to about 81% within 20 minutes. So even with all of those unexpected challenges, we didn't really suffer from lengthy delays. The bag handling for the second quarter was the best in our history, and roughly 99.7% of our bags were flying on the flights that they were tagged to be on. And by the way, that's a complementary free of charge service from Southwest Airlines. We also had the lowest ratio of customer complaints from the DOT this year as compared to the same timeframe in 2017. And just as a reminder, we were the best in the industry in 2017, so again improvements in that area. So my point is that despite very challenging operational headwinds, our people delivered a solid travel experience for our customers, and they did that with a very respectable cost performance for the quarter. Our ETOPS certifications, as Tom mentioned, are progressing. We have our application filed with the FAA and it's under review. We are flying domestic simulation flights using our proposed processes, and we're working with the FAA to amend and adjust those processes as are necessary. And once our procedures are approved, we can begin our training programs, work toward validation flights, and all of those things require a tremendous amount of work and coordination between Southwest Airlines and the FAA, and both of our engagement teams are working hard together every day. So we've previously announced our U.S. gateway cities of San Diego, Oakland, San Jose, and Sacramento, and Hawaii destinations of Lihue and Maui and Honolulu and Kona, and we just remain focused on that effort. So with that, I will turn it over to Tammy.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Yeah, Helane, we had set out a timeframe or a timeline, and what I would tell you is we're along that timeline. So what's important for us right now, so the FAA does have our manual procedures that we have defined. And what we're trying to do at this point in time is enough exercises to make sure that we have thought through all the different things that possibly could go wrong on a flight. It could be a mechanical issue; it could be customer illness on the flight; it could be headwinds; it could be a problem at the airport that you're landing in. And just making sure that the procedure that we have defined would anticipate and address those things, and that we're practiced at doing that . So that's the process that we're in right now. And as we go through that, we'll have some comfort that, yeah, these procedures are well. So I would expect in the next 30 to 60 days, we will understand that these procedures are ready to go, and then we'll begin training and, hopefully, move onto a validation flight after that.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Yeah, and we've already accomplished all of that, so we've already understood that we're going to have a cadre for example of pilots that will go through some ETOPS training, that will pull them off of their normal flying responsibilities. And we've already adjusted our head count needs for that.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Well, as there have been industry inspections ongoing, and I believe those industry inspections are in their final stages, but I'm aware of maybe four or five additional industry findings. And based on those results, GE is contemplating a change in their lube and inspection intervals from something other than 3,000 cycles, and they've talked to us more about something in the 1,600 to 1,800 range. So, based on that, Mary, we just decided to make a proactive change to the intervals. And today our fleet is on a 1,600-cycle reinspection program.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Other than that they were just – there are cracks in fan blades out there with respect to the industry, and I think that more frequent lubrications helped mitigate potentially that and moving that cycle down would slow the propagation rates down and just mitigate some of the risk.
Thomas M. Nealon: I guess, the only thing I'd add, Jack, is just to kind of jump out of that, I think the execution, both the operational execution that Mike talked about and the frontline execution is outstanding. I think that one thing I didn't hit on in my comments that I think is important – and I think this is kind of a macro thing – our marketing kicked back in in a very, very big way. It was really highly effective in driving demand back to our website and even bookings. I think that as we drive more demand to the site and the new capabilities that Andrew and the commercial side of the house have around yield management, pricing management techniques and tools, we're starting to really monetize those things. And I think it's really valuable and it's really important, and it gives us a level of granularity we've just never had before. We're seeing it come to fruition, so I think that contributes a lot to it.
Thomas M. Nealon: Yeah, you're probably very close. I'm not sure exactly if it's $90 but you're not out of the ballpark. I'm sorry. What was the other part of your question, Jack? Is all going to flow through...
Thomas M. Nealon: Yeah. I think there are anomalies in the third quarter that we already talked about. But, again, just kind of back to the base trends we're seeing, strengthening since late May, early June, into July in terms of shopping, pricing, close-in strong, further-out strong. So we're feeling pretty good about where we are. We're only published through February of the fourth quarter, obviously. So where we are in the curve is very, very early, but we do feel pretty bullish about where we are in the third quarter. I think that we are saying flat to plus or minus 1%, and I think we have a real shot on the revenue side, right? But we have a lot of work to do. And where that goes in the fourth quarter, there's nothing that myself or the team is looking at that says, boy, there's something very foreboding in front of us. We aren't seeing that. I think as trends, if they're going to carry on as they are, I think you'll have a very nice third, fourth quarter, so we have a lot of work to do. Just as Gary said, there's no such thing as a layup here at all. So we have a lot of work to do, but that's probably how I would answer that, Rajeev.
Thomas M. Nealon: Yeah, Savi, this is Tom. I think the way we look at that is probably about 0.5 point of upside for us.
Thomas M. Nealon: Well, I wouldn't – I'm not sure I'm ready to say that we're ready to commit to that. I do feel like the trends and what we're seeing are really, really solid. We feel good about that. And I think if we were to see things continue as – hey, listen. I think things are looking solid for us and they feel very good. I'm not ready to commit to positive RASM. But, boy, I'll tell you what, if you're wondering is that what we're shooting for, that's absolutely what we're shooting for is the execution towards positive RASM, and we're going after it hard. We're going after it in terms of pricing, in terms of the capacity, in terms of the schedule, in terms of several things, in terms of the marketing. So we're going after it. Things are blazing, but that's what we're shooting for. That's what we're working towards.
Thomas M. Nealon: And not just looked at it. We actually flew real flights with real customers, real passengers, out of San Diego in I think it was 2005. So, I guess, the reason I bring that up is we are not so wed to things that we're not open to looking at new ideas, new ways of doing it. That actually proved to us that we could do it if we chose to. Our customers actually asked us not to. That was the interesting thing. It was actually the business travelers, interestingly enough. But that work did give results in the new boarding process. I guess, my point is you get a derivative benefit of looking at new things. I agree with Gary completely. It is not on our punch list right now at all. We have much bigger things to get at. But I don't want you to think we are immutable in what our product is and we'll continue to make the product stronger. That's just not one of the things we're going to be working on.
Thomas M. Nealon: Andrew, this is Tom. Just a thought on that as well. I mean, we're pretty proud of the fact that we are a low fare leader. That's part of who we are, it's part of the brand. I think that as we get more sophisticated – I think you heard the rest of the call, as we get more sophisticated with some of our capabilities, we're going to have the ability to manage our pricing and our fares much more specifically. And what I would hope for us to be able to do is to retain low fares without – just retain those low fares, but also drive our other fares up. What I mean by that is, if we could isolate low fares into certain parts of the day where you typically have lower demand, we could still make that low fare available for our customer, and then drive other demand into the meat of the day, where you'd like to try and get a little more yield. But I think it's very important, from my perspective, that we have the ability to maintain the low fare leadership, and that's going to require pricing tools, which is what's part of what we put in with our new res systems. So, low fares are important for Southwest Airlines and for our customers.
Tammy Romo: Yes, hey, Savi. Yeah, it's similar. It's a similar story for 2019. We are 64% hedged for next year, so we're in good shape as well. So kind of a similar story. And as we get to $80 per barrel, we would see those hedges kick in more significantly.
Tammy Romo: Sure. Yeah, let me pull that number for you here. If you'll give me one second, I'll give you the breakdown.
Tammy Romo: Savi, I'll just chime in, too, before I answer your fuel question. Just in terms of the trends from quarter-to-quarter, Tom walked you through all the noise with all the headwinds and tailwinds for third quarter, but I do think it's – we're excited again just to get to the fourth quarter where we have clean comparisons, and so that's a plus. We're seeing great benefits from our new reservation system and what we're seeing in the business trends, again, just repeating what we said earlier, demand is very solid. And what's particularly encouraging is the strength that we're seeing in yields and particularly the close-in yields. So all that to say, we're excited to get these headwinds behind us and looking forward to the fourth quarter. On your question on the breakdown, I believe it was on the fair market value of our hedge, so the roughly $185 million of that was 2019 and $112 million of that is 2020, and then the rest is split between 2021 and 2022.
