Gary Kelly: Oh, wow. Well, we've been asked several variations of that question, although not that one exactly. And right now, I'll just ask our folks to stay focused. We have a very good plan for 2019. We're not at the point yet where we need to call any material audibles. We're working on -- the MAX is pretty much the audible that is tasking our group right now. I have not asked them to consider contingency Plan B, C, D, E or whatever it might be. So, I just don't have a ready answer to that question. I think all of us are working under a reasonable assumption that the MAX is going to return to service in a reasonable amount of time. And then, whether we're back to normal, sometime during the third quarter or to begin the fourth quarter, in the grand scheme of things, is probably somewhat immaterial. I think what all of us are a little more concerned about is if that goes on too long, we have a -- Tammy referred to this, so we have a retirement program. So, Jamie, I think what we would be -- what we would have to scratch our heads with more is just from an operational perspective, we've already planned retirements. And that would imply that capacity goes down from here. But we certainly don't want that. And it would be a lot of work for us to go in and unwind our retirement plan, and I do not want to do that. That would not be efficient. We've got better things to work on, quite frankly. You've asked a much broader, more strategic question. And that's a pretty -- that's an outlier in terms of a scenario. And I just don't -- I don't think that, that is anything that we'll be spending any time thinking about right now. But clearly, strategically, we're in a growth mode, so is the industry. We need to be growing. And we don't -- we -- clearly, we do not want this stagnation, to use your word, to continue very long. But I just don't have a ready answer on that question. And I don't think that, that is a likely scenario.
Gary Kelly: Well, again, just taking your question literally, which I think is the way you intend it, yes, I think that just getting pilots back into the simulator for an event would be a challenge, and that would take time. I think it just depends on what training one is talking about because our pilots are extensively trained. And again, I'm a layperson at this. But my own interpretation is that we already do the kind of training that one would be contemplating to put the MAX back into service. Mike, how many MAX simulators are there even in the world? So -- but the point is, managing the aircraft in a runway stabilizer scenario is something that we already train on and at least as best I can tell has already been covered. So again, I would just go back to we don't know what that would mean precisely. But at this point, we're not hearing that, that will be a requirement. I just go back to we are the most experienced 737 operator in the world. Our pilots are extensively trained. We don't hire them unless they have a tremendous amount of experience, Captain experience, for that matter. So regardless, we'll do whatever we have to do here, but we're obviously awaiting the Boeing service bulletin as well as the FAA or worthiness directive to know exactly what we'll have to do.
Gary Kelly: No. I think that -- I'll just be explicit. We are not taking any deliveries right now and, therefore, we're not paying for anything. So if you just took your scenario, and we don't get any more MAXes delivered in 2019, our CapEx would be dramatically lower. But Boeing cannot deliver an airplane now. So any airplanes that they are manufacturing, again, just to be crystal clear, they're at Boeing Field. And so they are not being delivered and we're not paying for them. Did I get that right, Tammy? Tammy is the one who sends the money. So, I just think she...
Gary Kelly: Yes, sir. And Duane, that's what I was attempting to, at very high level, comment on in my remarks is that -- and Tammy mentioned this. So we're asking all of our departments to hit their budgets. And then, where they have activity-driven kinds of spending to obviously come in under their budgets. So we're not burning as much jet fuel, as one example. We're not incurring as many landings and takeoffs from a landing fees and rentals perspective. So to the extent that we have variable costs, we expect our departments to come in under. We have a series of cost initiatives to improve our efficiency. Those are continuing. And let's just assume that the MAX is back in the fleet in the summertime. I would expect us to hit our cost plan for the fourth quarter, which would be pure. You'd have a -- we'd have our schedule restored. We'd have all of our fleet. And I would expect the cost comparisons year-over-year to be quite good. I think it's a little -- and Tammy and Ryan get this question a lot right now, just trying to project forward to 2020 and what will the costs look like. Again, under that same assumption that we've restored the flying of the MAX this year, we don't see any different cost performance for 2020 at this point. Obviously, the comps are going to be dependent upon what ultimately happens here in 2019. But the cost outlook should be unchanged, based on that report.
Gary Kelly: Now if Jamie's question all of a sudden becomes more of an issue, there's extra training or the training delays the MAX flying or whatever it might be, you understand that I'm not incorporating those unexpected events into that kind of a comment. It's assuming that we're back up and running as per normal with that kind of an outlook.
Gary Kelly: Yes, sir. And, Hunter, the other -- we built the airline to support by year-end Ryan's 775 airplanes, then we've got another 25-ish coming in 2020. So yes, we want to get airplanes and we want to fly them. So the capacity that we're thinking of to begin this year for 2020, that's what I want us to fly. Now again, there's still questions about exactly how the MAX will re-enter service. But assuming everything comes back online and we're up and running, we get all the airplanes, as we have committed to Boeing and they've committed to us, then yes, we would be flying the 2020 plan as we started this year.
Gary Kelly: I don't think I quoted a number. Well, I know I didn't quote a number. So I think all I was trying to communicate at this point, and so this is April, so we've got a ways to go before we get into 2020. But whatever CASM we were expecting in 2020 before the events of this year, that's what I would be expecting next year. How that will compare to 2019, I don't think we're ready to say yet. Clearly, we're running higher on CASM here in the first half and that'll probably dribble into the third quarter. Well, it will because we've already reduced our flight schedule through August 5. So yes, you're going to have an easier comp because of all of this. But I don't think we are prepared today to give you any insight as to what that would be. If you thought it was up 1 to 2 before, yes, I agree. It's going to be something less than that, I just don't know how much less yet.
Gary Kelly: And I think that's excellent. And I -- the one thing that I wanted to be sure that all of you took away from today, I read all kinds of crazy things about the impact on our brand and our customers are mad and on and on. Our business is really good. And it's in -- it's because our employees work so hard to serve our customers so well. So there are -- while no doubt there are always impacts to companies' brands based on things that happen, our brand is unbelievably strong and I think well deserved. And the operation integrity is intact and looks really, really solid, and there is no evidence of any weakness that is unique to Southwest after our first quarter, and I think we're all very proud of that. And again, very proud of our people for making that happen.
Gary Kelly: And the network changes, I think as some of you all have recognized, they were just masterfully done. So while we had to trim some capacity out, it was done in a way that, again, that also maintained the integrity of our customer offering. I'm very, very proud of that.
Gary Kelly: And I do want to make sure that -- there was a question earlier, I just want to make sure that we were clear. And Mike commented on this. But we have 175 seats on these airplanes. We are not selling all 175, for operational reasons. And so that is -- and that was Mike's point earlier. So if you think about, in the context of your question, profitability, longer term, Mike, I think you would agree, the MAX will be the better airplane there. It just has better performance and better range characteristics. But even with that, I think we feel very good, and that's all factored into our modeling. And I just offer that up, Tom, because I think we have upside even to where we are today with the performance in those markets.
Gary Kelly: I would say in terms of the distractions, sort of the unplanned, I don't -- Tom, I don't think that has an impact on the work that we're doing on these couple of secret initiatives.
Gary Kelly: Joe, I think the only thing I would add to that is that every new engine, at least in my experience, has its -- I would just call it, break-in issues. And it doesn't matter whether it's a CFM engine or some other manufacturer. And our technical operations work with the manufacturer to develop inspections and repair processes. And they are doing what they need to do to maintain these engines. So I think in that regard, I didn't want you to get the impression that we are doing investigative work here on the engines right now. We're not doing that. We know what we need to be doing. We're working with CFM to clear some of these items out so that they don't have to be inspected and, especially the fuel nozzle example that Mike was using, as frequently. But it's not unusual for an engine to have some break-in things happen. And the engine for the most part has performed in line with our expectations, especially with the fuel efficiency. It's a great, quiet ride and it's a good engine, and I expect to -- I only expect it to get better.
Gary Kelly: But we'll certainly want to share what we have done to satisfy ourselves that the airplane is ready to return to service. And I think Boeing has work to do to clarify exactly what this functionality is for, what it's not for, because I do think there is a lack of understanding in the media even. And so there's work to be done, I think, on both fronts. But I'm confident that we're up to that task. And I think what Tom mentioned again, we mentioned earlier, which is key, which is we have a great brand. It's one that people trust. And we earn that every day. So we'll want to certainly be mindful of that and message what we are comfortable in committing to. And clearly, we're not going to do anything that we think is unsafe. So that's not even a topic. That's not even a question. But I agree with Tom. I think that there'll be those questions and I think people will get -- I think they will quickly get comfortable with the answers.
Gary Kelly: No. I don't think we're going to have any concern or any risk of using all 34 airplanes. And we'll fill them up just like we always do. The only point I was trying to make was there's certainly going to be some people that are concerned, and they may be intimidated to fly for some short period of time. I don't think it's going to be a massive issue for us. I think that our customers know us, trust us, they know we go the 737. So I don't want to overstate my comment or have my comment inflated. I was just raising that as I wouldn't surprise me if a few people said that. But I think we're going to be fine.
Gary Kelly: Yes, we're basing that, David, on the customers that we are talking to. And we're doing a lot of research, if you will, with third parties as well as directly with our customers. And we're very attentive to what is the customer's perception of the brand through our trip Net Promoter Score as well as our brand Net Promoter Score as well as what we're hearing and seeing on social media. So I think we've got a really good handle on what our customers are thinking and feeling and what we need to be doing. And then on the Boeing aspect of your question, well, yes, we're not happy with this situation. Who would be? Boeing has already conceded that there are things that they need to address and, obviously, we totally agree with that. We have a great partnership. We're the -- I think without a doubt, the most successful airline in history. We've got an impeccable safety record. In terms of our partnership, what's important, obviously, is where we go from here. And I would fully expect that we'll continue to have a great partnership with the Boeing company. With respect to anything along the lines of business arrangements or our contract arrangements or whatever it might be, those are things that we'll take up with Boeing privately. And again, I would just restate the obvious, that this is not a good situation. And we'll all need to work together to work our way out of it. Boeing is a very fine company. They build fantastic airplanes. Mike has said this many times, when we launched the MAX, the MAX 8 we felt was the best narrow-body airplane in the world, ever. And there's every reason to believe that, that will continue to be the case once it returns to service with this software modification.
Gary Kelly: And I think that's key, Mary. Mike used the word learning and it was CFM, not Boeing. But it's anything that is new, there will be learnings. And there will be things that were designed and intended to operate -- or perform a certain way that don't. So that was the point I was trying to make early on the analyst call. That's certainly taking place here.
Gary Kelly: And, Mary, I did want to add to this, I want to be very clear, the timing is a bit unfortunate. And I dread speculation that it's intentional on our part to perhaps consider a change from our current direction with Boeing and the MAX, and that is not true. We didn't reveal that we took this trip. That was a leak by somebody. And so, again, I just wanted to point out there's -- we're not trying to send any message whatsoever. This trip was planned a long time ago, Mike. And so I'll just leave it at that. We have no plan to do anything other than grow our fleet with the MAX. Will that be the case into perpetuity? I'm not prepared to say that. But in any event, the timing is unfortunate.
Gary Kelly: Well, I'll be a little repetitive. We're not planning on adding a different aircraft fleet to -- aircraft type to our fleet, okay. So I'd just repeat that. We are not planning to do that. As a practical matter, we are -- we want to grow our airline and we will grow the airline over the next several years, Mike, at least with the Boeing MAX as a practical matter. So in order for us to add a different aircraft type, that would be work for us, and that's not work that would be completed in 12 months. I don't want to put a timeline on it because we're not working on it and I don't know how long it would take to do that. So hopefully, that at least gives you some parameters to think about. What we might be doing 10 years from now or 20, that's just not what we're talking about here today. But we have no intention of doing anything different in the near term whatsoever. And we're not preparing ourselves as if we have to do something different in the medium to long term either. That doesn't mean we won't change our minds. And there's -- as usual, there's all those caveats. So Mike really answered the question. We have the Airbus, the A220 is new, and we have an obligation to look at it and understand what it is. It is in our wheelhouse, so to speak. It's a narrow-body airplane that would be eligible for consideration to do the mission. That's what he's doing and nothing more.
Gary Kelly: Well, it's a great question, and I think it's a short, easy answer. The answer is no, we are not contemplating going out into the used market. I think the only thing that would, Mike, make sense to me is if we wanted to add some NGs to the fleet is we would unwind some of the airplanes that we already own or lease. And again, we don't have a plan to do that. Tammy, I think you've got 18 retirements planned for 2019.
Gary Kelly: And Tammy mentioned that her plan at this point is to follow through with at least most of them. So there might be a couple of airplanes that we change our mind and decide to keep. But all of this is working under the assumption that the grounding -- that the airplane is ungrounded in the relatively near future and that way, we don't have to wrestle with that question. If it's grounded for an extended period of time, we'll have to develop a plan, quite frankly. And I don't think, Mike, that would include going out onto the used market. But to be honest with your question, we just -- we're not working on that scenario. And we just -- because we don't think it is a worthwhile effort, because we don't think it is a likely scenario. If that scenario materializes, I'm very confident that we can react to it and handle it, but it's nothing that we're working on.
Gary Kelly: And the reason that we don't want to unwind the retirements, that would certainly be vastly easier compared to bringing another airplane on in the market, like Mike said. But he's already set a maintenance program for each one of these tail numbers and we would have to redo our maintenance plan to then add in maintenance under the assumption that we're keeping the aircraft longer. And that's the kind of work that I would -- I just don't want our tech ops department to have to add to their list. They have other things that I think are more important to work on. And we prefer to continue on with the retirement of those airplanes and bring on new airplanes to replace them.
Gary Kelly: Correct. That's from all parties we've talked to. And certainly, I put great reliance on our pilots, on our flight operations leadership, our pilot union. And they are very confident in what we do as an airline, how we train. We just made a $250 million investment in our flight training facility, which is absolutely state-of-the-art and a huge source of pride here. And they are the litmus test for me and they are confident in the airplane, in the training, in the return to service with still some questions to be answered, admittedly. But if they were not, then I would not be. But the fact of the matter is they're very comfortable with the plan as we currently understand it.
Tammy Romo: Yes. So, certainly, by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we would expect to be on a good trajectory assuming the MAX are back in service at that time. So completely agree.
Tammy Romo: Yes, really nothing has changed from our last comment. So we're just setting aside all the noise from the unanticipated first quarter events, our long-term unit cost target remains unchanged. And so nothing -- no new update here today.
Tammy Romo: And the only other point I would add on to that is the flexibility and the strength of our network is tremendous. And I think you are seeing that in our results as we work through all these cancellations. So I'd just put an exclamation point there. And then I would also just point out that we have a new reservation system, new revenue management tools, which are also helping us manage through all the challenges. So just the strengths of Southwest just really do go on and on.
Tammy Romo: Yes. We've done our best based on what we know to incorporate all of the associated costs in our guidance. And obviously, if anything changes there, we'll update you. But it includes our -- it's included.
Mike Van de Ven: So yes, so we really aren't having any, what I would call, significant operational issues with the 800. We're very comfortable with the airplane. We knew, though, that given its range that we would -- we may have to put some lids on the seats, especially in -- when you're flying against some of those headwinds. So that's been the biggest operational challenge for us. We're scanning bags on there, the weight balance program works well. We've got it blocked pretty well. The station performance, we're fully staffed in the stations. The people out there are excited. They're turning the airplanes well. So we're just -- we're learning how to navigate through the Honolulu airport a little bit better and the taxi times on the ground there. But in terms of the operation, the maintenance and the support and the crews of the airplane, all going as planned.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. So when we had -- on March 26, when we were ferrying that last flight from Orlando to Victorville, we did have the in-flight shutdown and it turned back to Orlando. So the working theory on that particular airplane was that there was coking around the fuel nozzles and it created a variance in the hot spots and cold spots in the engine and the hot spot in the engine, we had some damage with respect to a little pressure turbine. So GE went out and asked -- the good thing about the engine temperatures and fuel coking is it's pretty manageable. It builds over time. It lends itself to trends that are detectable and then you can go great procedures to go monitor and inspect and repair or replace those things. So as you asked the industry to look at 25 engines. We looked at 12 of ours. And we've done some engine replacements. We've done some nozzle replacements. The way we're thinking about our fleet sitting down, and I mentioned it earlier, we like to almost get it at a new delivery status when it comes back up and flying. And so if we can do an engine change on that and it precludes us from having to do inspections after we relaunch the fleet, we'd rather go do things like that.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. So, Mary, our fleet team was down in Europe and visiting, but that's not anything unusual. We have relationships with all the OEMs, most of the lessors around the world. And we're just always out there trying to discuss and evaluate economics and opportunities in airplanes. And I had an opportunity to go out to the Paris Air Show last year. And it was a great opportunity for me because I got to talk with Boeing and GE about the MAX. I got to learn a little bit about Airbus and NEO. Bombardier was out there with the C Series at that time. I talked to Embraer. I talked to Pratt & Whitney. And it was just a great way to go, just gather information about the marketplace out there. Every one of those people have great products and great airplanes and really, that was just nothing more than our fleet team trying to gain a little understanding of what's out there.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. But, Mary, [Indiscernible] and I like them all. I like the A220. I like the Embraer product. It was just -- it's kind of like going to a new car show. You just like all the different products that you see out there.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. We've been out of the used market for the last couple of years. We've got most of the NG airplanes out there that we like. It just doesn't make a lot of practical sense for us to go out and search the market for a used or leased NG when we already have NGs on the property that are already in our maintenance program, already in our maintenance profile. It'd just be easier for us to extend that than it would be to go out and get a new airplane. So we're not looking out in the market at all for NGs.
Tom Nealon: Hunter, I think on the distribution side, we started service back in March. We've been on the ground in Hawaii for well over a year in terms of community outreach, community affairs. And so we've already got a pretty deep roots for such new operation, pretty deep roots in the Hawaiian community. And so in terms of distribution, it's what we always do at southwest.com. So they know the brand better than I would have expected, actually, because many people from Hawaii are traveling to the U.S -- or to the mainland rather, and they're flying Southwest. They know the brand. So a lot of local marketing, a lot of presence. And we're actually seeing very strong, very, very strong reception to the Southwest brand on-island. So that's probably how I'd best answer it.
Tom Nealon: Yes, and I think I'd just kind of restate that the 3% objective is the flight we have in the ground. We're going for it. I think that's what we're seeing so far. The first quarter, as you guys know, was a very -- I think you keep hearing the word choppy. Every earnings call, I hear the word choppy. The first quarter was very, very choppy. And we're coming out of that and we're seeing really nice stabilization of trends. We're seeing normalization of the curves. We're seeing normalization of demand and the fare environment seems to be really where we need it to be. And I think that it's just a shame we have this MAX thing going on because it's a pretty good business environment. So our corporate travel, which is a really good indicator of just the economy, is robust. I wish we had more close-in inventory to sell, but we're re-accommodating. That's a pretty good indicator of this core economic strength, and the business climate or the business bookings are strong. Like I said, wish we had more to sell. But that's my commentary on that.
Tom Nealon: I think I've said this before, not sure I've said it on an earnings call, but we have such a built-in customer base in California wanting us to take them to Hawaii that I don't know how much faster than typically we should expect this to turn. I think this will develop faster than other new markets. You might have seen us do with international, where we don't have a built-in customer base. But I'm thrilled with where we are, but, yes, I did do some competitive shopping yesterday, just looking at the fares, and I really like where we are. I mean, we're very early into this and we're at pricing that is -- it's below the competition, but still it's good, solid, strong pricing. And not sure if you guys have taken a look at our pricing on dotcom versus our competition, but I love where we are very quickly in our development curve. So I think when you begin to add the bag fees, the first bag, second bag, third bag, there's a real dramatic difference. And we can make money at that price point because of our cost structure. And we feel great about it, this is kind of the Classic Southwest Effect. So I feel good about where we are, Jack.
Tom Nealon: That's a pretty good question. I think everyone's asking the same question. There's just so much media and coverage on the topic that everyone's got an opinion, and I think that there's certainly going to be some people that I expect would probably book away for some period of time. That's probably -- I have no idea how to quantify that, by the way. But I think there will be some people that do that. I think we have a very good understanding between our marketing team and our communications team. We're doing a lot of work understanding what our customers' perceptions are, what their understanding is of the issues, what their awareness is of the issues, what their concerns are with the issues. So I think we have a pretty good perspective on that. I think what's also pretty interesting, at least from my perspective, is since this has been going on, our customers' perception of the Southwest Airlines, the brand, the company, the people, has not changed at all with the grounding of the MAX. There's some words that they use when they talk to us about what they think of us and they use words like they're very loyal to Southwest. They have a lot of confidence in Southwest. They have a lot of trust in Southwest. And I think they have good reason to have confidence and trust because, as you've heard throughout the call, we know the 737 better than any carrier in the world, and they understand that about us. So we're working through our plan right now. And I can tell you that we'll have a very comprehensive plan that communicates directly to our customers and our employees every step of the way. But that's -- there's more work to be done as we learn more, but we're very focused on it. So appreciate the question.
Tom Nealon: Well, starting on the fuel nozzle issue, Mary, I don't know if it's any sooner than we expected. Coking is not unusual. If there is a good thing about coking on fuel nozzles, they built over time, their trends are detectable and you can clearly create monitoring and inspection and repair or replace procedures to take care of all of that. As Boeing learns more about it, as they monitor their worldwide fleet, I'm certain that they will have design changes or design improvements that they will get into the production line and it will mitigate the inspections that we'll need to do on a go-forward basis.
Tom Nealon: Yes, Mary, I don't think that this Leap engine in its maturity, I don't think it’s all -- its maturity curve is all that different than what this CFM engine was, what the gear turbo fan is, what the Rolls-Royce engine on the 787 is. They all have a kind of a maturity curve. And this one feels, at least in my history at Southwest, we feel like we're right on that curve.
