Laura H. Wright: I think you're right. The cash flow as of yesterday was -- I think I said $304 million compared to, say, $458 million or $459 million. So it's down about $150 million. We have a lot -- we have more than one counterparty. We have several parties that are in profit or asset or liability situation. So it is a little more complex than just looking at the market value. The other thing that we have, Mike, as you know, is we have an aircraft collateral facility that we can use, too. And if you look at where we are, we didn't choose to use the aircraft facility at September 30 just because of some of the economics. With the earnings that we're realizing on our cash holdings aren't very high, it made more sense to post cash. Then there...
Laura H. Wright: And Hunter, as you know, our revenue synergies have always included the elimination of those fees. So that's always been a part of our assumptions with our synergies.
Laura H. Wright: We have a ton of flexibility with the 33 retirements we own, a good portion of them. And certainly, on the one that are leased, I don't anticipate any of the last ones would have any problems, wouldn't add with us extending, and so we have a lot of flexibility. It's just -- I think the fair question is the lead time and what would be the signs that force us to think about that option. But lots of flexibility.
Laura H. Wright: Bob, the only thing I was going to add is the advantage we have with AirTran versus ATA is AirTran and Southwest are one. And so from a scheduling and their network and our network, we're going to be able to build better connections and pricing. So I think it'll even be superior to what we could do with ATA.
Laura H. Wright: It was Southwest only, Gary. And I don't know if I have [indiscernible]. AirTran's full-fare mix for their network is very different than ours. And it's about 3% in the quarter. So I don't know that I can do the math in my head to tell you what the combined is. But if you want to look at it on a relative basis, that's where we were.
Laura H. Wright: I think it's many things, Gary. I mean Gary, and Gary can join in, too. But certainly, if you go back in history, we just had a load factor in the mid-60s. We're in 80. And so you know that the incremental traffic is being driven by the discretionary travelers. So some of that's arithmetic. Certainly, we've raised fares a lot. And even in the old days, when you raise fares, you do see -- we've always seen full-fare go down. So that's not surprising with the number of fare increases we've had. And then finally, bookings, we have a lot of evidence that shows a lot of business travelers book in advance today. So not everybody buys a full-fare last-minute ticket. So I think there's a lot of pieces, but what we still would like to do is check business travelers from a lot of other perspective, our corporate sales, just looking at the type of bookings. And we come back before Friday. So all of those other indications show that business travel has been pretty stable, but we're probably seeing a shift of more of it into non-walk-up tickets.
Laura H. Wright: Yes. And October is our toughest comp as a quarter as well. But Gary's right, September was extremely strong. We're a bit off sequentially, but not terribly. So we think October is really a continuation of what we've seen in September.
Laura H. Wright: Yes. So for 4Q, October, I think, ASM is roughly about 4% on a combined basis. And we had our October last year, PRASM was up 12.5%. And then November and December, ASMs are going to be flat versus last year on a combined basis. Last November, PRASM was up 7%. In December, we were up 5%.
Laura H. Wright: Well, certainly, we've done a lot of -- we have a lot of good European bank partners, but we've had so many access -- so much access to capital typically used. But the U.S. public debt market has been the vast majority of the financing that we've done. So at this point, based on what we know, I'd say it's negligible.
Laura H. Wright: Yes. Okay. And I agree with Gary. Preliminary 2012, cost inflation in most categories. On the capacity front, Duane, in the fourth quarter, total seats in our direct markets are expected to be down a little over 2% in the fourth quarter. If you include indirect markets, down 1.6%. For the whole domestic markets, seats are down 2%. Compared to third quarter, seats were up almost 2% in our direct market in the 3Q. So there, it's a favorable comparison from 3Q to 4Q.
Laura H. Wright: I'll answer the second question first. So the $400 million that comes due at the end of December was 10.5%. So that's $42 million, Glenn. And we get a full year of that next year. The $385 million that comes due on March 1, I can't remember if it was at a 6% rate. I'm trying to do it off of memory. So roughly, say, $24 million on a full year basis, but you've got 10 months of it. So we've got some significant benefit coming next year on our -- below the line expenses -- reductions there. And your first question, I've already forgotten.
Laura H. Wright: Oh, yes, yes. So again, we're still preliminary on our 2012 plan. I think what I shared this morning was $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion is what we're currently expecting. That does include some capital costs associated with aircraft conversions on the AirTran fleet. But it's primarily the 28 new Boeing 737-800 deliveries, as well as progress payments on our 2013 and beyond payments.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, and I think there's 88 of them. So from a practical standpoint, it's just -- it will take a while to do that so.
Laura H. Wright: Well, great. Thank you, guys, for being on the call today. You know that if you need any additional follow-up, to call (214) 792-4847, and we will get back to you. Thanks so much for being on the call today. Thank you, Tom. And that concludes the call.
Robert E. Jordan: Well, I would just echo some of the same things. Of course, we're watching what's happening with their business and their traffic, and there's no erosion in their business that we can detect. In fact, the business looks pretty strong, just like Southwest, as Gary indicated. There's no erosion of particular passenger groups or elites, which is very meaningful. In other words, we are not losing their frequent flyers or losing their elite frequent flyers. There's no reluctance to move to Southwest. In fact, the data and the anecdotes both would tell you that people are eager -- able to travel on Southwest -- current AirTran passengers are eager to travel on Southwest Airlines and be able to travel on Southwest. And the first schedules where we've made meaningful changes in overlap markets that would really test that theory are still to come. So those are schedules for early summer, late summer. But so far, there's -- we've not detected any erosion in business performance or any reluctance in terms of passengers -- their customers to convert to Southwest Airlines.
Robert E. Jordan: No. I think if you look overall, of course, you've got to look at PRASM, PRASM and fees, and then RASM. And so it's all of the components. I think just overall, we have tended to outperform them fairly significantly on a PRASM basis. We've been fairly even on a RASM basis with fee. So I think we have a lot of opportunity there to just shift the components of revenue. Second, a lot of this, of course, is about connecting the networks and driving additional traffic across the combined network that you just couldn't do today. So whether that's boosting load factors or that's moving folks up the revenue management process and chain, so to speak, there's a lot of revenue potential there. So I don't have concerns in terms of moving -- in terms of covering bag fee revenue with other revenue components.
Robert E. Jordan: Right. A lot of answers. But the last thing I would add is that the -- it's a little harder to prove from an analytic perspective. But I think part of -- I think you're already seeing it. So the lending of the Southwest brand to AirTran, for example, we have some distribution between the 2 websites in place already, not connectivity, but you can get to AirTran flights off of Southwest Airlines. There are things going on that I think are providing an up draft to AirTran's performance already because of their connection to the Southwest brand. So some of what you're seeing, I believe, is due in part to the fact that we're pulling the 2 brands together.
Robert E. Jordan: It is that exactly. And different -- because AirTran is -- they're not ATA. The technology that we used with ATA is not necessarily usable again with AirTran. But in any event, with our current reservations technology and theirs, that has to be built, and that construction is underway.
Robert E. Jordan: We're not giving you a definitive date because we're not confident enough to give you a pinpoint date yet. We want it sooner than later. And yes, sir, it should be first half.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, we'll -- that's somewhat unrelated to the question, but it's at least indirectly related. But absolutely. So I think Bob may have pointed this out with his AirTran report, but AirTran does not currently serve Austin, Texas. And so one of the first cities that we're opening with Southwest Atlanta service is a nonstop to Atlanta. So we'll have 2 daily roundtrips in that market on February 12.
Gary C. Kelly: And again, when you say outperform, their year-over-year growth is superior in the third quarter, perhaps in large part because they underperformed a year ago or 2 years ago. But if you look, they lag Southwest margins, which sort of sums all of this stuff up. And the -- we see tangible opportunities to improve the AirTran route network, number one; the mix of nonstop passengers, number two. And again, it's our belief that the totality of the Southwest brand will also be a superior revenue producer as well.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, that would have to be or probably the technique. If we ask Laura to go get us airplanes, I suppose she could do that. It would just come at a cost. So let's just assume that, that is a modest number, half a dozen airplanes potential there. And then the other alternative would be to slowdown the retirements and what kind of flexibility I think we have there.
Gary C. Kelly: And I guess part of the retirement plan is set by trying to avoid major maintenance efforts. So we would have to undertake those maintenance efforts and make that decision to keep those airplanes. But long story short, we have a lot of flexibility.
Gary C. Kelly: So Bob, I think if it were -- if AirTran or a different airline, we would just say co-chair, I don't -- co-chair means certain things to certain people. But we'll be in a position in the first half next year where we can operationally co-chair between the 2 airlines. So as you well understand, they've got their own reservation systems and operation systems, et cetera. So we'll be able to publish in a co-chair-like fashion common itineraries where you have a Southwest leg and an AirTran leg. We'll have it published with the Southwest code. If you went to AirTran.com, they would also have it published in an AirTran code. And we would exchange -- just the classic thing, we would exchange passengers. We would exchange bags, single itinerary, one fare, pretty straightforward stuff. We don't have classic co-chair technology in our system. Importantly, neither does AirTran. And so that's why we are leading you that way, that we're constructing that technology to enable the exchange of passengers and bags, and therefore, expect that to be in place by first half next year.
Gary C. Kelly: The only things -- while Laura was talking, I was trying to think here, and the only things that I might add, I don't think I can add much to what she's already nailed here, but we used to be a short-haul network. And the short-haul routes were business routes. Now we have a lot of long-haul routes with low frequency. And in some ways, one could argue that they're more leisure oriented. We might debate that a bit. But in any event, we definitely see a different full-fare mix on longs compared to the shorts. I think the most compelling point Laura has already made, which is the absolute number of full-fare passengers is closer to what you've seen historically. It's just that we've got significantly higher load factors today. And certainly, over the last 5 years, those have been driven more by connecting passengers being added on. The other thing that's happened is we have added more precision, you might say, in our revenue management and more fare points. And so there are relatively nondiscounted discount fares, if you know what I mean. So they may be less than a full-fare, but they are higher than what you might have in your mind as a 3-week advance fares. So that's different today versus years ago, too. But in fact, we sort of chuckled about this. We're probably the only airline that talks about full-fare mix. And we sort of question the importance of it. We pay attention to it, but we look at our business in a lot different ways other than just fretting over the full-fare mix.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that it may take us a while to funnel our knowledge to get to a more precise conclusion, too. But one thing, we've introduced some new techniques along the way, as you well know. You can see the result, if nothing else in our load factor, over the last 4 years. We have techniques that have been added on in the last 12 months that seem to be driving more business and available periods. So one way of saying that is if you're already full in July, this new technique that we're using to fill up airplanes may not add much. But in a softer month like September, we were pleasantly surprised at how good -- and that's why Laura specifically singled out Revenue Management, because over time, we can see the very significant benefits that some of the new techniques that they're using are bringing. October is just -- it has less opportunity, we think, to fill in some of those gaps. But it's all part of our argument to you that we're winning more share. Bags Fly Free is a fundamental component of that. We are smoothing out what we think as some of the seasonality in our business, and those are the primary drivers that we're finding. So we're having -- we think that now that we understand this better, we'll be able to set some better expectations internally, as well as with you all. But we're giving you a very fair outlook for October, obviously, we're 20 days into it, and know pretty much where we're going to be and feel like that is the explanation.
Gary C. Kelly: And I'll just give a little commercial here for our Southwest revenue team overall. We've made dramatic progress in 4 to 5 years' time. But we know that we are lacking some tools that will bring more value. And we're very excited about constructing those, implementing those and just have a lot of confidence that they are going to bring very significant value over the next several years as we bring them online.
Gary C. Kelly: So Bill, I'm glad you mentioned that. Yes, I'd object to the characterization in that article. So our best estimate, interestingly enough, has not changed. And so we think that we're pretty neutral on the cost side. We're seeing some successes, as Laura reported, on the cost side earlier. Our view of the revenue synergies is still a future. So we still have to realize those. But we are constantly updating our projections there and feel pretty comfortable that the net of it is a $400 million improvement to the combined -- you have to combine AirTran into Southwest to realize that improvement, but it would be coming from the AirTran component of the route structure. So yes, we're very comfortable with that. Just doing math, it would suggest that maybe the potential was higher than that, and that was the point I was trying to make about the reasonableness that we could achieve $400 million. The $400 million is ambitious, and it's something that we think is doable. So with respect to your second question, it was -- is it really talking about the risk and integration that we execute? Is that really the...
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that -- how can I answer your question here. I think that it's really -- so if you'll forgive me for perhaps stating the obvious. Our earnings are not where they need to be. The rest of the industry, earnings have not been where they need to be forever. So as we look out onto the fourth quarter as an example, domestic capacity is coming down year-over-year. Capacity in our markets is coming down. And so if anything, I would argue to you that the competitive environment actually supports us pursuing our strategic goals here over the next several years. So we've committed to you all that we're determined to hit our strategic goals. We all understand that other things happen, whether it's higher fuel prices, more or less competition, but it seems to me that I could argue to you that the competitive environment is pretty good. We had a very strong route network on a combined basis. We have a number of opportunities to optimize the flight schedule, which gives us just a ton of flexibility. We're trying to build the airline such that we can grow it, but we'll only grow it if the profits and the returns are there. So that's -- I feel very confident about the synergies as long as we execute. So I don't think the macro environment will work against us in this scenario.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, it is -- well, first of all, we at Southwest are very supportive of the trade association, the ATA's lead on this. We are already overtaxed. We are already overregulated, which comes in at an enormous cost. Every year, we get more regulations. And of course, we've had to redirect technology resources this year to comply with yet another DOT regulation, which is the so-called full-fare advertising rule. That's just one example. Then you layer on top of that taxes, which have nothing to do with aviation. Much of the proceeds of the taxes were proposed to go to the general fund to reduce the deficit. So if we weren't paying our fair share, I guess I might be more patriotic about that thought. The idea is to make America more competitive so that America can grow its economy, so that America can generate more jobs. The way that we do that in the airline business is we keep costs low. So we make more fares affordable for people so more people can afford to fly, which clearly is what you are asking about. Absolutely, Bill, if our costs go up, fares will be higher. More people will not fly, will not travel. There are 14 million jobs in travel and tourism. There is an enormous opportunity to grow it. And I guess the final argument I would make is that air travel in the United States is down compared to where it was a decade ago. Think of how many jobs there would be if it was growing like it should have over the past decade. So my focus is on creating jobs and certainly jobs at Southwest Airlines. Are you a little overly dramatic? I think, in relative terms, that the departure tax, Laura, I think is about $140 million a year impact to Southwest Airlines in terms of the cost increase. The tripling of the TSA fee would obviously be -- would be a lot more than that even. But in fairness, we're struggling with high fuel cost. I think, Laura, a fuel bill is probably up. If it was up $400 million in the third quarter, just say it's up x4, it's up $1.6 billion.
Gary C. Kelly: So is $140 million not important therefore? I think they actually makes it more important because we're already struggling with such high fuel costs that could go even higher. And so yes, we have an impassioned argument to not only not add more taxes, but we need to relieve some of the burden on the industry so that we can have more people affording to fly.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, it's a little early. So we'll probably need to finish all of our planning for next year and making adjustments as we see that we need to. I think there'll be some cost inflation next year, but we're determined to keep it modest.
Gary C. Kelly: Gary, you can do Love Field as well. We just can't fly nonstop when the Wright Amendment is repealed or relaxed in 2014, but we can still have international itineraries at Love.
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, ma'am. That is exactly correct. We are very enthused about the Sky Interior. It is -- we have a separate fleet type now in the 800. So we do have a unique interior that we have purchased for it. But it does allow us the opportunity to think about what elements of the Sky Interior we might want to consider for either prospective deliveries on the rest of our fleet, like the -- with the 700s, or even retrofitting. So we have made some decisions there and are just not ready to share those yet. But absolutely, that -- I would concede that, that has been a consideration.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I will try to clear that up, and Laura is sitting right here beside me. If she disagrees, she can clear it up further. But no, I think it's very straightforward. We don't see a need to have a different airplane in our fleet like the 717 as compared to the 737. Said a different way, the 717 doesn't bring any unique capabilities for us that would justify having the ongoing complexity by having a second fleet type. So that's just a fact. Then the question becomes, well, what are we going to do about that? So I think that if we had an opportunity that was affordable for us to accelerate the retirement, if you will, of the 717s and replace them with 737s, that would be fantastic. And I think the point that Laura made was very pragmatic, which is, well, that's all true. But right now, we don't have an alternative, and they are under lease for quite some time. So the odds are you're going to see those airplanes operated by Southwest for quite some time. I don't see there's any confusion there at all. But if, in fact, if she and I do find an opportunity to retire them early, we'll give it a very good look because we would rather have the 737 just for the fleet commonality.
Gary C. Kelly: Absolutely. We're talking to Boeing about a whole variety of things, and that would be one. But there's nothing for us to report to you that says that we have any different plan right now other than what you know that we've inherited from AirTran. It's a good airplane. There's nothing wrong with the airplane. It's just as I said, it just doesn't bring anything beyond what a 737 could do for us, and especially in a higher fuel cost environment. A lot's changed this year compared to where we hope to be in 2010 with fuel prices, and that certainly has some bearing in the way we're thinking about utilizing the 717.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think it's confusing. Every year, we raise fares. And we try to do that at a -- in a frequent pace and at a modest rate. And every year, we also have sales. So the -- so in other words, there's nothing inconsistent with that. We have an array of fares in our fare structure. We have some customers who are extremely price sensitive and will only fly at a certain fare level, and we want to get at least some of those folks on board our airplanes. And we use that fare sales as a technique. What is a little different, in fairness to your question, though, right now, is that we are -- it's probably a little out of our historic character to be launching a fare sale right now seasonally. And that is simply, and I think Laura tried to speak to this earlier, the bookings that we have in place are strong. But we've admitted that we're very cautious, and we just don't want to take any chances in this macroeconomic environment and would rather err on the side of getting more bookings than less. So it is a reflection of that nervousness, if you will, about the overall economy. Again, you look at our results, we had very strong revenue results in the third quarter. We are seeing a continuation of that thus far in October. Bookings look strong. So there's no sense that the economy is weakening by our business. We're just not taking any chances.
Gary C. Kelly: If we did, you would know it, pal. But we are -- no. So the straight answer is no. We don't have any orders yet. We are very desirous of the next-generation engine technology, and therefore, airplane technology. We are absolutely talking to Boeing about that. And we have been talking to Boeing, as you know, Terry, for the past 6 years. So we're right in the midst of -- because Boeing, of course, just made a decision late summer to go forward with the 737 MAX. And so we are just now being briefed on what it does, what it doesn't do, and it's just too early to give you an answer on either our evaluation of that or what we might do.
Gary C. Kelly: I absolutely not. I would expect that we -- again, this is a long, many years' discussion that we have had with Boeing Company. And I am sure that they will meet our needs with respect to delivery positions.
