Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Marcy, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2016 earnings call. As we speak, we are recovering from a system-wide Southwest technology outage that occurred yesterday about 1 PM, there was a network equipment failure and the planned redundancy or backup failed as well, and this hindered the recovery efforts, and especially with some of our older legacy systems. Ultimately, the network was virtually fully recovered and restored around 12 hours later, roughly 1 AM or 2 AM this morning. And since then, the operation and that is airplanes and flight crews and customer re-accommodations have been working to catch up. I want to apologize to all our customers that were affected yesterday and today, this is absolutely not the kind of service that our customers expect or what we expect of ourselves. And of course our 50,000 employees, jobs to serve our customers became significantly more difficult as a result of the computer failure, and I do want to thank them from the bottom of my heart for their collective efforts to recover, those efforts have been truly heroic. So, hopefully after a day of recovery, things will be back to normal tomorrow morning. Tammy's going to take us through the quarterly results and I just wanted to point out a couple of highlights. First of all, we had a record performance in many ways, traffic, revenues, load factor, earnings, return on invested capital; it was a very strong quarter also in terms of customer service and operations. Next, we had very solid revenue growth on 4.8% growth in capacity, and that was driving industry leading but modest unit revenue growth of 0.6%, and that was in line with our expectations. Revenue trends have been up and down all year. Now we're seeing softer fare trends in July, August, and notably with close-in bookings, given overall industry revenue and capacity trends that we've been monitoring, none of this is shocking, but it is disappointing. We're still anticipating strong third quarter margins and profits, strong cash flows and continuing shareholder returns, but we will need to factor these softer trends into our future plans. So, for now, our second half 2016 plans are unchanged, but we'll continue to look carefully and evaluate our 2017 growth plans. 2017 is going to be an exciting year; we have the 737-8 being launched next year, we've got new technology being deployed next year, we are opening an international terminal at Fort Lauderdale, we've gotten our preliminary approvals to serve three cities in Cuba, and we have an outstanding request to add Mexico service to LAX. So a lot of exciting things going on and certainly 2017 is going to be a very big year. I want thank our people for all their hard work and the tremendous success in driving these results, and also congratulate them on another quarter of record profit sharing. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Tammy to take us through the quarter.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, and sure Mike, and a very logical question, one that we know that we're going to get from you all here today. We're different than the industry. So, we don't publish 330 days' worth of inventory and the other aspect of the – our competitors' approach is they mostly over-schedule. So, they'll publish more, they'll claw that back and we just don't use that technique as you know. We don't publish as much inventory and what we do publish we very much intend to fly. So, we rarely go out into a published schedule and make changes. It is easier for us to hold a few flights in reserve and then publish them later, as opposed to taking flights out and re-accommodating customers. So, it is a – I don't know if it's so much a philosophy, but it is certainly a practice that we've used. The modeling that we've been – and second, the trends that we are complaining about this morning are very recent, and that's one reason that I mentioned to you all in my opening remarks is that we've seen inconsistent trends over the first seven months of the year. Really going back to December, Tammy, I think of last year. So, we don't know that weeks will make a trend, the bookings right now for the fall were quite good. I wouldn't want you to conclude that that means that we're predicting positive unit revenue comparisons yet in the fourth quarter, but what I mentioned earlier that I was disappointed, that is our goal, our goal is to have positive unit revenue growth every single quarter and certainly for this year. We're falling short of that right now for the third quarter and that obviously will give us a cause to rethink our plans. The final point is, as we have discussed this in recent weeks about the opportunity to reduce the schedule primarily in the fourth quarter, we've not been able to model a scenario where it was profit positive for us to do that. And so this – in dealing with these incremental capacity choices, we think that actually would be harmful to Southwest in the near term as opposed to helpful. So I think the more productive work effort for us right now, on July 21, is to think about our next schedules and what our plans are for 2017. So hopefully that's responsive to your question.
Gary C. Kelly: But year-over-year, yes, the developing markets are definitely down, but they're being overcome, if you will, that improvement is being overcome by increasing fare competition. So, obviously the industry is continuing to add capacity every month. And we can get the traffic, but we have to work hard with fares do that. The nice thing is we're seeing, in terms of more positives, we're seeing good strength with our corporate sales, very nice growth there, our Rapid Rewards program continues to grow very nicely, and those are sort of outside of the "fare environment" and then our ancillary products continue to grow. And that's primarily EarlyBird and the upgraded boarding product. So, we have a couple of tools. And I guess the other thought was that freight was relatively soft in the second quarter. So, hopefully, there'll be some opportunities to regain some growth with the cargo business there. So we'll have a number of things that we'll be looking at to try to boost revenues, but certainly as time goes by here this year, the tailwind of the developing markets, I agree with Tammy, it's going to continue to wane, but we have some – we're 4% in development this year, and I think this time last year, it was closer to 20%.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think so. What's interesting is, if you go back 20 years, we were, as you know, such a short-haul carrier. And I think what a lot of people misunderstood back in the 1990s is how much business travel we had, and some of that again was very natural with the short-haul orientation we had with high frequencies, those were convenient schedules that were built for business customers. So I don't – if anything, I'll bet you that we're less reliant on business customers today than we were 20 years ago. Business travel, as you know, is very sensitive to the cycle, and – if that's where you're going with your question. The other tool that we have today to help manage through softer periods is we just have better connecting capabilities, and a lot higher load factors today than we did 20 years ago. So, I still think that we're very well positioned for a change in the cycle. I think we're obviously a low-cost producer, and have a low-fare brand, we have a very loyal brand, and people do travel during recessions, they just look for more bargains. So, generally that's worked very well in our favor in the past.
Gary C. Kelly: Oh, I was just trying to be responsive to your question. No, I don't think that's where we are. I think GDP growth is pretty steady. It's – you all know all the macros, real GDP is 2%-plus and domestic industry seats are up closer to 5%. So, I think that's not anything new, we've been talking about that for quite some time. And as I mentioned in my remarks, I don't think it's shocking that we find this sort of ebbs and flows of fares. But right now, it's – we are at a spot where, in particular with the close-in pricing, fares are softer than what we were expecting.
Gary C. Kelly: Yeah. I'm glad you asked me the question. So, let me try to make sure that I'm being clear. I am not predicting positive RASM, I'm not remotely suggesting that, that is a possibility based on what we're seeing right now. I'm simply acknowledging to you all that that is our goal, that was our goal for the year and we're falling short of that goal and we can't be happy about that, that's all I was trying to point out. What we are able to do, in the meantime, of course, is continue to sustain very strong profits. We're enjoying low fuel prices and very strong operating margins are our expectation here for the third quarter. I don't have any reason to believe that that will change in the fourth quarter, but we have initiatives that come online in 2017 that bring with them the opportunity to boost our revenue production. So, we're in a period here between now and then, where we're just going to have to focus on blocking and tackling good revenue management, excellent customer service, tweaking our route network to try to use those levers here for the next several quarters. I think all the capacity questions that we're getting here today are very appropriate and that's something that we're going to have to take a very close look at. I agree with Tammy's point earlier, if that is one of the main levers that we have, we're just not prepared to give any 2017 guidance yet. And of course, I'll just remind everybody that last year, when we did guidance well in advance, it was – I think it was somewhat misunderstood. So, we've got to work to do in 2017, we've got the goal to boost unit revenues in 2017 and based on third quarter trends, we've got a little work to do.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, that would be hard to do. I'm sure that just taking your question literally, I'm sure that there is a scenario. I wouldn't want you to think that it's a likely one, but as I think we pointed out, we don't want to – we don't see a compelling reason to tinker with the capacity that's published, certainly for the third quarter or the fourth quarter. So, these are recent trends and not ones that we're happy with. And so, as I think we've said several times, we've got some work to do. And as we typically do, we'll provide more guidance for the capacity plans here in the fourth quarter.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, and as I'm assuming you know well it's – forecasting airline revenues is always treacherous. So, basically what happens is trends get extrapolated, there is – we'll start a month with half of the bookings in place that we would expect for that month. So, it's not necessarily a ground up – from the ground up kind of a forecast. I would say that the guidance that Tammy is offering today for the third quarter unit revenues of down 3% to 4% is much less than what we thought at Investor Day. So we've – in a short period of time in another words, we've reduced our forecast by 1.5 points to 2 points.
Gary C. Kelly: So to 2 points. Now, that's mostly weaker revenues that we're seeing here for July, August. There was a question earlier about September. September does look better than July, August, but it's not anything that we're willing to tell you that you can take to the bank at all. So, the trend could change. We could be overly pessimistic here, it is most of the change in the trend as, again we've attributed it a number of times here today to the close-in bookings. And that is just simply saying that our – we have a lot of competitors out there the week of travel that are offering very hot fares, and we must match to get that traffic, it's just that simple. So that is a change in technique and a change in trend for us. The all-in result is still quite good, still falling, still – as I said before, it's just below our goal. The only other thing that I would mention is that there is a consistent quarter-to-quarter decline in revenues. Going back now all the way to probably the second half of 2014 when we began to see lower fuel prices. So, we're off-trend in the third quarter compared to second quarter, and the second quarter is also off trend compared to where we would expect to be relative to the first quarter. So these are, not having talked to you a lot personally, we call these sequential trends; you probably use the same term or technique. And that is basically the technique that we are using to arrive at this prediction of down 3% to 4% in the third quarter. So, we'll take steps to try to arrest these trends and to get back to positive unit revenue comparisons and again, as I've said a couple of times, we've got quite a bit of work to do to try to – to get back there, at least here in the near-term.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'm sorry, I just – I can't do that math in my head. And again my answer with Mike Linenberg earlier was specific to the fourth quarter. So, we looked at some fourth quarter capacity changes that we could make and none of those looked productive to us. So, it will be – we'll spend our time better working on 2017. So, the hypothetical you're asking, I'm not – I can't readily answer, but clearly that's something that we want to look out here for 2017.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, the advantaged fares are just a fare. It's a technique, it is a low fare. We predicted 15 years ago that all carriers were going to – have to become low fare carriers. It is a very competitive environment and carriers use a variety of techniques to offer low fares, that's from the lowest-cost carrier to the highest-cost carrier and that changes all the time. And we don't talk about our techniques and we are certainly not going to comment about our competitors' pricing techniques.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Savi, when we were having the same conversation three months ago, this was not the topic. So, we've got a change in trend. We'll need to evaluate that and see if we need to make some adjustments. I'll remind you that we had some secular opportunities to step up our growth in 2014, 2015. The added capacity that's coming online here this year is very modest, I believe, Bob, it's about 2%. So, you got the carryover effect of increasing the flying for the Wright Amendment, taking on the flying of the slots that we acquired for Reagan and LaGuardia. And then launching international service, which was a function of integrating AirTran and then what is true expansion, any way you look at it is launching international service as an example out of Houston Hobby. So, you have the full year carryover of that from the fourth quarter of last year. So we are, as we've said many times, we peaked in that capacity growth in 2015, we're coming down here in 2016 and now I think we're getting into a point where for 2017, we need to be thoughtful about how fast we grow. The other thing that's going on with our capacity is a fairly significant changing gauge. We're not adding a lot of trips. We're adding more seats than trips because of the up-gauging, and then we're getting a little bit more productivity per airplane per day because we're flying a little bit longer, so there's just less time sitting on the ground. So, all of those are adding up to more available seat miles than, I think, really tell the story about our growth, but I don't know – again as I've said, we're not shocked that this is where we are. We've been leading the industry consistently with unit revenue performances and I think has very much justified our growth. We've got record earnings and record returns on capital, so we have a little bit different economic and fare environment here that we're seeing in July, and again, we're going to react to that, and stay tuned.
Gary C. Kelly: Oh, no, we have the absolute flexibility to flex up or down. And then we have tremendous flexibility to allocate capacity around the country or add or subtract international for that matter. As I think about the international, that's higher risk and truly expansionary, that's real growth. What are wonderful opportunities for us to add capacity remain in the domestic markets with our point-to-point system, either adding frequencies in markets that are spilling traffic or alternatively, connecting to cities with new non-stop service; that has much lower risk than adding a new Caribbean destination. And that is part of the reason that as we look at – just taking the fourth quarter as an example, why we don't see a profit positive move that close-in given that we already have this fixed capacity, you already have the employees, we've already got the airplanes, we've already got the corporate overhead, it's real hard to justify pulling in the capacity that close-in. So we're much better served to look a little bit farther out where we can impact the cost in more of a variable way and avoid the capacity increases that way. But we have plenty of opportunities to grow the airline. And whether we need to be growing at GDP or something faster or slower are all things that we're going to have to continue to judge, and I'm just not ready to give you an answer today.
Gary C. Kelly: No. No. I appreciate the question, but the premise I would push back on. I think that certainly more than any other airline – and I'd put us in there with top-notch industrials, we have done a very fine job of trying to balance the needs of all of our constituents. And we've taken very good care of our shareholders. And it's interesting that you describe the current period as a time of crisis when in the first half of this year, I believe we've had all-time record shareholder returns – in six months. So, if that's a crisis, I'll take it. But the notion that we put one over the other is an unfair characterization. We must have good employees, we must take good care of the employees, we have a very intensive business and we truly care about people. We care about our people and then in turn we care about our customers. And it is a virtuous cycle, and to think that you can simply ignore that and say, we're only going to focus on the shareholders, doesn't work, it's not sustainable. But we're famous for telling everyone, and admitting, that's who we are and we're just not – we're not going to apologize for that. It's worked; this is the most successful airline in history, that is now turning out record earnings. And so we want to sustain that. We want to sustain the returns for our shareholders and the best way to do that is to continue to take very good care of our people.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I am unclear as to how we are part of the problem. So, feel free to elaborate and I'll do my best to answer.
Gary C. Kelly: What I would just roll up to though here, is rather than talking about any specific pricing or specific capacity questions that are really, as we all understand, off limits, our goal is to have positive unit revenues and we have seen that become – through the first half of the year we were doing a pretty good job there. The second half of the year now has emerged as more challenging for the reasons that we have articulated and I think it is incumbent upon us to figure out what we are going to do about that and we have all the tools that you are aware of. We have pricing, we have ancillary revenues, we have our capacity, and then of course new revenue initiatives, and we'll take a very close look at all of those and see what we can do to hit our goal.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think we had a decent – I don't think we have a reasonable prospect of having positive unit revenues in the third quarter. It probably is difficult to assume that for the fourth quarter. So that doesn't mean we won't make a hearty effort in that regard, but we'll certainly be looking very closely at that for 2017.
Gary C. Kelly: I think again, I know you all are pressing for specifics, we're just not prepared to give you that kind of a capacity outlook for 2017 or a bright line. I'm not happy with down unit revenues of 3% to 4%. And hopefully that tells you what you need to know. I'm interested to see if those trends continue and then we will take action accordingly.
Gary C. Kelly: That is a very fair question. I think we have hard work (62:25) to answer that because we do have significant redundancies build into our mission-critical systems and those redundancies did not work. I think we need to understand why and make sure that doesn't happen again. Every company has its challenges and things will break. We just need to make sure that they break and can be fixed in such a way that it doesn't have that kind of impact on the customer experience. So, we've got some work to do to restore confidence in our customers. We're obviously very passionate about serving our customers and determined to never have that happen again.
Gary C. Kelly: And to my knowledge, we haven't had anything like this in our history. So, this is something that is unique for us. What we do understand is that the – some of our older legacy applications were the culprit, whereas a lot of the newer technology did recover as planned, but it's also integrated in networks that, again the whole system did not, it was not recovered and restored. Now eventually, it was, and there all of that was fixed through the course of 12 hours and over the course of 12 hours, multiple things were attempted to try to recover very quickly and ultimately they sort of went back to bedrock and rebooted everything, is probably a simplest way to describe it in layperson's terms.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, that's a fair question, David. I think this is – we're not even 24 hours into this. So, the first priority is to get the operation back up and running and serve the customers right now that need to get where they want to go. So that is our priority. Then to take a step back and understand why all the redundancy that we have invested in did not operate, that comes next. Mike, I don't know if you have any more information. Mike has been more involved with this as our Chief Operating Officer than I am, so.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, the investment timetable, I don't know. I think in terms of – I think the simplest way to describe this is, you can relate to power and a backup generator, where if the power goes down for whatever reason, you flip a switch and you've got a diesel generator that kicks in. So that conceptual backup did not work. And we need to understand better why that is, and we're just not prepared to do that yet. In terms of accelerating our investment, we're making significant investments in the technology already. And that – we've been talking about that, David, for some time, the need to do that. We have a legacy reservation system, as an example, and that is a major undertaking, and one that we're all looking forward to having that replaced next year. So, it will over the next three to five years, we'll have significant replacements of our legacy systems. I think we're already moving as fast as we can and in the meantime we'll just need to make sure that our business recovery processes are robust and will support the situation when another router breaks, because inevitably one will.
Gary C. Kelly: And I just wanted to add on to that quickly, Rich, yes, we're worried about the financial impact of this, but what is far more important is the inconvenience that we caused our customers yesterday and today. And I feel very bad about that, we're very apologetic, and we want to just work hard to again restore their confidence in us.
Robert E. Jordan: We're working on the basically the spring break – post-spring break period, and that'll be published here in the next couple of months.
Robert E. Jordan: A couple of things. We don't have March published and then you also have the impact of leap year here this year.
Robert E. Jordan: Sure. As Mike talked about, priority one is obviously to get back up and operating and then right attached to that is to make sure we take care of our customers. So, everybody affected yesterday and it's going to continue today. So, all of our customers affected yesterday and today, we'll be contacting every one of them in some form here over the next couple of days and handling them. In addition, we just posted a full week extension of a major sale that we have going that was intended to end today. So, we're going to extend that for a full week to make sure everybody has access to those great fares, again that we're going to end – the sale was going to end today. So, – but again, priority one is to take care of our customers. So, everybody affected will be hearing from us.
Tammy Romo: Sure, Julie. Yeah, as we look forward, September does look to be a little bit easier comparison. But what our current forecast represents is really just a continuation of the trends that we're seeing here more recently. So, as we updated you at Investor Day, we knew our year-over-year comparisons were going to be difficult here in the second half, simply because of the lapse of the Chase agreements, but we have factored in the recent softening that we've seen particularly in our close-in bookings. So, we've – it's our best guess on our current trends, and obviously, we'll keep you updated as we move along here in the quarter.
Tammy Romo: It's lapped largely simply because we're getting back down to a more normal percentage of development market as a percentage of ASMs.
Tammy Romo: And Julie, just to be clear, back to your question on trends. What was implicit in my comments on September is that we would assume a little bit of improvement there just simply because of comparisons, but we've done our best to extrapolate current trends out into the full quarter.
Tammy Romo: What I can give you right now to help you out is what we have through what we've got published with our schedules. So we are currently published through early March next year and our scheduled ASMs are up in probably the 6% range, and February I think is up a couple of percent for February. So that's where we are and as Gary indicated earlier, we're in the process of evaluating beyond that period. So I just don't have a forecast to give you beyond what's out there in the published schedule.
Tammy Romo: We'll be retiring our Classics fleet here, as you know, between now and October 1, 2017. So – and as we described earlier, we'll be down to a manageable number of Classic and you can think of it as those being all out of our fleet by our fourth quarter schedule. So, we're still working through all of the details on that.
Tammy Romo: Well, all else being equal, just simply because of the fleet, you would expect that to go down now. Again, Duane, we're just working through all of the details for next year's schedule. So, as we sit here today, I'm just not in a position to give you exact year-over-year ASM guidance for next year. But as we go through the year and as we work through the Classics, particularly in the second half, all else being equal, you would expect that to bend down.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. Thanks, Jack. Yeah, the maintenance – our maintenance costs, you'll continue to see that trending down as we retire the Classic fleet and I would expect our maintenance unit costs in the third quarter to show some improvement as well. So we'll continue to see a relief in that as we retire our Classic and so we're – that should be a favorable trend as we move forward.
Tammy Romo: Yeah, those were just January and February. So, January probably up in, would you agree 6% range in February, up year-over-year a couple of percent.
Tammy Romo: The full loss, let me see if I have that handy. As I have the fair market value beyond third quarter, which I provided, which was $775 million, the net liability, you're asking for our total portfolio, which would be a net liability of $775 million beyond third quarter. Is that your question or are you asking for a break-down between...
Michael G. Van de Ven: Yeah, it was a router failure in our network. And the recovery mechanisms did not work as planned with that router. And it slowed the rest of the applications down to such an extent that they weren't usable.
Michael G. Van de Ven: And so, but the severity and duration of this on our operations was, as Gary said, extremely unusual and we're trying to dig into that detail to understand that better.
Michael G. Van de Ven: So, David, we need to, as Gary was saying, we need to jump in and understand exactly what happened in this specific event. We will then have – add that learning to our recovery profiles with the intent, as mentioned earlier, with the intent of making sure that our recovery happens quicker and the issues don't expand quite like they did in this event. So, that's the first thing. The second thing that we're doing and have been doing is we are making significant investments in our technology, we've talked about, our Lone Star program, we've talked about our other operational investments, and all of those are going to bring our infrastructure and platforms up to a more up-to-date technologies. And that will allow us to recover faster than what we've been to do in this particular event.
