Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Rocco. And thank you all for joining us today. And just a moment, we will share some brief remarks and then open it up for Q and A. And on our call today, we have our Chairman of the Board and CEO, Gary Kelly; Executive Vice the President and Incoming CEO, Bob Jordan; Executive Vice President and CFO, Tammy Romo; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Watterson; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Van de Ven. Just a few quick notes here. So first we will make forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations of future performance and our actual results could differ substantially from those expectations. And second, we had a few special items that are first-quarter results, which we excluded from our trends for non-GAAP purposes and we will reference our non-GAAP results in our remarks today. So please see our press release from this morning and our IR website for more information on both topics. And just a reminder that we are hosting our Investor Day in New York on December the 8th so stays tuned for more details on that, and we will go ahead and get started. So, Gary, over to you.
Ryan Martinez: Thank you, Mike. I believe we have analysts queued up. And just a reminder to please keep your questions to 1 and a follow-up if needed. So, Rocco, please go ahead and begin our analyst Q&A.
Ryan Martinez: Okay. Well, that puts us at time here for the analyst portion of our call today. I appreciate everyone joining us.
Gary Kelly: Ryan. Thank you, very much and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. After five quarters of pandemic weakness, we saw a dramatic recovery in terms of passengers, fares, and revenues. And obviously, that was very encouraging. It would've been even better, but for the delta variant surge, which began to affect us in early August, of course, the balance and revenues came with a lot of bumps in the operation though, as our historic staffing models left us short and caused us to miss our reliability plan for the quarter. And that required immediate attention and action for future schedules, which we have taken. So, I would be the first to admit that things are messy. It is also very encouraging to see the earnings potential, and especially considering the business travel as far from recovered to 2019 levels and our capacity is not fully restored with 24 airplanes are still sitting on the ground. It also illustrates that this virus and its effect on our business can be unpredictable and volatile. And the burden to manage through all of this falls to our people. And we've gone from not enough to do to too much to do in a very short period of time. And as a perspective, of course, I think we'd all take the latter scenario any day. It has been a huge challenge for our people, so I want to thank them. They are warriors. They have performed exceptionally well and especially considering the challenging circumstances, I am very proud of them and they remain and always will be my top priority. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to our incoming CEO, Mr. Bob Jordan, who will give us a quick overview.
Gary Kelly: And if I could just pile one in, I would -- if you think about airplanes, airports, and people, I think we've got a line of sight on airplanes.
Gary Kelly: And that's pretty much in our control. Airports, I think, are close to that. And I absolutely -- I agree with Bob and Tammy. The goal will be to get back to people productivity that we had pre -pandemic, and that we're just going to have to work our way through that. But that will absolutely be the goal.
Gary Kelly: I think it's yes and no. So right now, the way to think about it is it takes more people per departure than before. The analogy would be like the United States participation rate. Our participation rate actually producing flights is less today than historically, and Bob ticked through it, it's excess sick, more people on leave, etc. As we get the pandemic behind us, I for one think that that will revert back to the mean, and we'll trend and achieve prior productivity rates. The plus on what's you're asking in terms of hiring is we've got 24 airplanes sitting on the ground doing nothing. We've got airplanes that we want to add to the fleet next year. So absolutely hiring will address that and that will be a productivity contributor on the airport and the airplane side.
Gary Kelly: And Duane -- and Andrew, you chimed in on this, but I don't think that it's so much a stage length long-haul or short-haul as it is more of a tilt towards leisure markets. So that lends itself to thinner frequencies, may be longer distances. Obviously, Hawaii has a huge impact on averages here, because we beefed up that service. But a lot of our traditional business markets were a higher-frequency short-haul, and we've sent those out. So, I think it's more, Andrew, the leisure business that we've adjusted now, and we want to go back to restoring, which will be more short-haul, more business-oriented, which beefs up the backbone and helps with recoverability. So, I don't know if there is a learning that we've had. I think actually things are playing out the way we thought. But we're all anxious now that demand has recovered. I mean, that's encouraging thing here because now we're in a position where we can sort of pursue our strategy. It's playing out like we hoped and we want to keep the new markets we added. We just want to get back to restoring the traditional Southwest networks, which we think is going to drive a really nice profit. They'll develop very rapidly.
Gary Kelly: Yeah. I'll just pile on very end here, Duane, but the biggest learning that I've had is, and I talked about it earlier, is this industry ecosystem. And it's dependent on having people at work. And it doesn't matter where it is. It can be hotels, it can be van drivers, it could be people working at the airports, but the people, if you have enough people, you can have an up-tempo business and that's what our business -- our whole industry's business wasn't as fastest tempo as everybody had planned it to be. And that's where I think everybody got into issues with their on-time performance and their staffing in their crews. And so, everything that everybody else said, I totally agree with it. To me, it's people in the industry that slowly tempo down. We want to be an up-tempo operation and to get that we need more people, we needed more frequencies.
Gary Kelly: So, an assumption that I made was that we're going to call them and say, okay, it's time to come back. They're going to show up. Everything's going to be just like it was. And it's just not. And so, I do think I personally underestimated that coming into this year. I'll just repeat what I said earlier. For a long time, we had nothing to do, and then all of a sudden, wham, we had to pick up the pace like Mike was describing, and it's just been messy. So, I think all that will smooth out both with our existing employees that we're trying to get back in several back and new hires as well, but it's not going to be here in the fourth quarter. It's going to take a while,
Gary Kelly: Yeah, I'll be there for Investor Day and my transition date is February 1, so I'm going to come back and haunt you one more time. See you in January.
Gary Kelly: Well, Mary, I think it's 2 different things. We have an executive order that's mandating the vaccines, and we're doing everything that we can to comply with that. Number 1, we're encouraging everybody to get vaccinated, and if they can't do that, then their option is to seek an accommodation. So, I don't see them as inconsistent, it just simply -- I for one, am empathetic with those who don't want to be vaccinated, and it's not -- I don't see that it is our role to enforce a mandate coming from us. This is the U.S. Government's President of the United States, I respect that, and we're doing everything that we can in good faith to implement it. So, I don't believe that we're going to be in any difference spot than any other airline in terms of our health and safety,
Gary Kelly: Well, we will at the right point. The deadline to comply with the federal -- the executive order is November the 24th. And right now, we've got a majority of our employees have reported. Of those who have reported, the super majority of them have been vaccinated. But we still have a large percentage who have not reported, and it would just be pure speculation on our part how many of those are already vaccinated, we just haven't heard from them yet for whatever reason. So just be patient with us. When we get to November the 24th, we will obviously be sharing that information.
Gary Kelly: Well, I disagree with the assertion that it's created complications. Our primary challenge is we just don't have enough people, resources to match up with the effort required to operate flights and serve our customers. When we do get into a situation where we're trying to manage irregular operations. We've got a great strategy with backbone, with depth. And that's clearly on our work plan for 2022, but Alison, there's just -- there's no way to manage through a pandemic other than when the demand is cut by 98%, it would be foolish to fly the same schedule. So, we -- that schedule has served us well. It's something that we're very enthused about going forward. Now we very quickly and happily shifted to a need to go back and restore some depth in the network, and that will be very, very welcome. But in any event the kinds of challenges that we've had this summer, we'd have them whether we had the old schedule or whether we had this schedule. They're -- the root cause is we just need more people resources, period,
Gary Kelly: And it's not as if we have dismantled the network, it was built over 50 years. That's also incorrect. It's a pretty big change from where we were, but certainly the bones are still there.
Gary Kelly: I'll let you guys take the letter. I'll talk about the vaccines. And if you don't mind, I'm just going to give you 2 minutes on what our objectives are here. 1. We are -- and this somewhat ties in with Mary's question. We want this pandemic to end, so we certainly want to do everything that we can to encourage people to get vaccinated. I for one believe that that is the past, and that's the path that we're promoting. We have tried to encourage people to get vaccinated and further with incentives, as opposed to using a more punitive approach as an example like charging employees if they are unvaccinated. So, we're not doing the latter, we're doing the former, which is try to encourage. So, I think that's important as a background here. Second, our objective is to take care of our people in every way that we can; in terms of their safety, in terms of their health, in terms of their job security. I think everyone should get vaccinated. However, I respect other views and especially when you consider how much information there is out there, and pretty much any view you want to find support for, you can. And that has to obviously be confusing for people. So, I don't feel that it's up to me to force people to get vaccinated. So, I think that's important in answering your question that you know that those are two of our objectives. As a practical matter, we've got important trips for our customers coming up in this quarter. In other words, the holidays. The last thing I want as our people distracted was something like this vaccine mandate. The last thing I want is for people to fear that they won't be able to work or have a job. And so, we simply put that to rest. And that ties in with -- so that objective, I'm sure you would readily recognize that it's fourthly, which ties into that. We are a government contractor. We have been for decades. It is important to us in a variety of ways. And number one, we serve the military with charters. And number two, we're part of the civil reserve air fleet, which as an example, just helped with African refugees. So those are important to us. In addition to that, they are our largest customer. We carry the mail; we carry a number of government employees as passengers under this contract. So, we're going to do everything that we can to maintain that contract. And we didn't ask for the mandate, but we got it. And the order is from the White House, so all of the agencies we actually contract with, they're getting direction, which is very general from the White House. And as that direction evolves, we evolve with it. And I think what again, just to tie in Mary's question, all I was trying to communicate to everyone is that we are not on a campaign here to force everybody to get vaccinated. What we are trying to do is whatever we need to do to comply with the executive order so we can maintain our government contract status. And if that means that we can do that and not force people off the job in December, that's why we -- this is an evolving process working with the government in terms of what they expect. And very clearly, we wanted our employees know that nobody is going to lose their job on December the 9th if we're not perfectly in compliance. It is a work in progress and we're going to continue working in good faith to meet the requirements of the executive order. But I've already said and I'm sure you heard that we're not going to fire anybody who doesn't get vaccinated. How we work through the people that don't get vaccinated or don't seek an accommodation, we're going to have to figure out and we're working with the government on that. But we're not going to fire anybody. It makes no sense that we would not respect that and find some way to work with our people on that. And that's what we're determined to do is get the right balance between taking care of our people and maintaining our government contractor status.
Gary Kelly: And as I think everyone on the call knows, it's a political issue, it's a polarizing issue, and there are very strong feelings among some on both sides of this question. So, my job is to take care of Southwest, to take care of all of our people, whether they're on one side or the other, and we're going to do our darnest to accomplish that.
Gary Kelly: David, I just can't pass up the opportunity to say that I agree with your thought that executives ought to have at least two alcoholic drinks before these conference calls. However, I will say that no one in this room has done that. So, I believe that the Herb Kelleher way, but we're not subscribing to it, at least not yet. And now I've talked enough and I forgot your questions. On the percentages, I'm not prepared to share percentages because I don't believe they would be helpful or realistic. We've got a November 24th deadline that we're working hard towards. The majority of our employees have responded to the call for either an accommodation or a vaccination, And the super majority of those who have reported so far are vaccinated. But I don't know whether that percentage would be meaningful or relevant to because there's a large percentage that we have not heard from yet, and I have no idea what they will do or how vaccinated they are. And just remind me what your first question was? Oh, the testing.
Gary Kelly: No, we have -- of course not. You've got the executive order, and so do we. And you either get a medical accommodation or religious accommodation. Now, whether there's a testing requirement for those who are accommodated, there's no guidance in the order on that. We're aware obviously, of the proposed OSHA regulation, which has not come out, and which does provide for testing. So, the two are not reconciled for us at this point. We are working on all fronts. But yeah, we know what you know on that front.
Andrew Watterson: Thank you, Tammy. I'll provide some additional color on our revenue trends and outlook and point you to our earnings release for more detail. To some of our third quarter revenue performance, it was disappointing to take a step back on the revenue recovery trends we experienced from March through July. The impact of the Delta variant began impacting revenues around the beginning of August, and we saw slowing and inconsistent pass-through traffic and bookings along with an increase in trip cancellations through about mid-September. In terms of overall revenue loss, September bore the brunt of the impact and we saw that across all geographies in for both leisure and business travel. As with prior waves, when we have a step-down in demand, especially with the slide we saw in business demand September, yields are tough to manage. However, we had better success in terms of maintained load factors in the low 80% range for the third quarter. The silver lining is that the overall impact for the Delta variant estimated to be 300 million in Q3, another a 100 million in Q4, was less severe than what we experienced from prior COVID waves. As you may recall, operating revenue stalled down in the mid negative 60% range from September through February. So, travel demand is much more resilient today than this time last year. While there's a lingering impact to fourth quarter operating revenues from the Delta variant, revenue trends have improved substantially since mid-September. Trip cancellations have decreased and stabilized, and we've seen an increase in bookings across all geographies for both leisure and business. Operating revenues are currently expected to improve sequentially throughout the fourth quarter. The booking curve has normalized, and bookings thus far, for the holidays in November, December are healthy and supported by improving leisure demand. In fact, our overall booking curve is currently trending in line with 2019 levels for the holidays, which is encouraging. In terms of business travel trends, our managed business revenues were down the lower 60% range in both July and August year-over-2-year, but took a step back in September to down 73%. Over this trend has reversed as we are experiencing steady improvements in business bookings thus far in October. Based on current trends, we expect managed business revenues to continue improving modestly. in November and December and end at down roughly 60% by year-end. This estimate is less optimistic than what we previously shared prior to the impact from the Delta variant, as many corporations pushed back our campus openings until after the New Year. But we remain cautiously optimistic about overall business travel improvement throughout year-end and we believe there is some pent-up business demand, and there's a chance that we see a pick up at a faster climb as we get into early 2022, We are now live on all three of our plan GDS platforms; Amadeus, Travelport, and Sabre. We have now removed the friction from businesses working with Southwest, and we have a full array of distribution channels that they can choose from. Early indications from our GDS launch are we are gaining incremental volumes through the GDS channel and seeing a great response for Southwest fares through the GDS. As expected, we're also seeing some channel shift from our direct connect channels to GDS, which is perfectly okay and sets us up for broader fuel to corporations to the channel of their choice. Turning to our new markets, they continue look well and overall performed in line with expectations in third quarter. Hawaii markets were impacted more severely as travel warnings were issued against travel to the islands. However, all of these growth markets have shown improvement recently in line with the broad-based improvement we're seeing across the rest of the network. And lastly, our Rapid Rewards program continued to show progress in third quarter with other revenues up 10% on a year-to-year basis. We remain convinced about the growth opportunities of Rapid Rewards and our program portfolio, which we recently expanded in terms of our credit card offerings. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Andrew Watterson: Yes. To build on that, if you look at the aircraft numbers that Tammy is talking about, that implies it's going to take us over a year to fully restore our network. This is a longer-term play. And we talk about restoration overall like that, but that's a subset of that, a very large subset which is the depth we talk about. And so, the depth markets are primarily business-oriented markets. So, we expect to, with the pace of business travel return, bring in those depth markets over our next year. Those same depth markets are the ones that also facilitate recovery, the day-to-day recovery that Mike was talking about. And our March through summer schedules as we anticipate seeing a step change in that level of density and depth in our network. We won't be fully restored again for over a year. But the part which really appeals of business travelers and helps micro recovery, we expect to see substantial progress from March through the end of summer.
Andrew Watterson: So, we're seeing incremental benefit clearly from GDS. It happened just -- when we live with Sabre, a 1/3 of the 3 just before the Delta variant. So given the turmoil of the Delta variant, it's really hard to be conclusive with the trends. The enhance, clearly though, it is incremental, the shift we had planned for from our direct channels to these indirect channels, how to give you a little bit of context, some of our largest corporations actually use all 3. So, they're using Southwest swap is, they're using our direction ACT, and now they're using TDS. And they using it for different populations and travel purposes. So, the amount that's going through each of those 3 channels, really depends on the population of who is traveling at that Company right now. So, it's hard to make definitive statements about what the overall shift will be, more kind of done and dusted here as business travel finishes out its ramp up, but right now we see it's clearly incremental and we certainly planned in our business in case for a substantial amount of shift.
Andrew Watterson: I think the first thing is we moved in the summer, we curbed four schedules based on overseeing with staffing and Tom ended up -- Gary and Bob referenced. And we just took more people per trip, and so we made big lower trips from October through the end of the year. So just the level of capacity versus staffing was the initial issue. The second is the day-to-day recovery is more difficult when you have fewer options for free accommodation without reaccommodating the customer, the crew, or even the airplane to get it where it needs to be that night. And so, bringing back that density, we've identified as the number one thing that will help our day-to-day operations recover more easily when there are things that are exogenous shocks from weather or something else that allows us to recover. And so, getting that back is going to be -- or what we're using our aircraft over at least the next year. And is it kind of -- that our network that was pre -existing in 2019 will come to look a lot like what we have at the end of next summer, at the end of next year, that core part that operated very well and produced good results. We'll start to look a whole lot similar. It takes a while to get there, but that's where we'll be using the aircraft for versus say, growth in breadth options, which would be used during the pandemic.
Andrew Watterson: That's correct. The restorations should be very low risk. And the leisure portion is absolutely correct. In fact, if you dig into the issue Mike talked about with connections, it wasn't so much the nominal connections of kind of customers, which are actually flat, slightly down. It's connecting bags, it cutting bags were up because we have more leisure customers. And leisure customers checked bags at a higher rate of business customers. And so, as we get back to a better business-leisure mix, we should see the proportion of bags and connecting bags coming down on the network, which will also be a tailwind operationally,
Bob Jordan: Yeah, and I'll give you the 50,000-foot view, maybe the way I'm thinking about it is we've got -- nothing is normal right now. There are just all kinds of fits and starts in the business and different behaviors, and so you've got extra cost and inefficiency that comes through the network moving around. We've had schedules, we cut them back, you've had inefficiencies that have come through just hiring, we're staffing, it takes a while to get people through training, we're still behind. It takes a while for those folks to become productive, so you've got cost inefficiencies there. We had changes in behavior, I think those are largely COVID -driven, so we have obviously direct COVID pulls were people they're literally pulled off camp, can't work because of a COVID contact. We have excess sick leave as compared to normal. We have more folks on leaves as compared to normal. That's likely due to -- connected to bringing folks back from those extended leaves earlier than they had planned. So, there's all kinds of stuff that is in there. And it's hard to tease apart exactly what the value is of each. So, I'm with Tammy. Job 1 is to stabilize all of that and then work to get ourselves back to pre -pandemic levels of productivity and efficiency. And from then work on cost pass savage. Job 1 is to get back to the -- to wring all this out and back to the productivity that we had prior to COVID.
Bob Jordan: Edwin, I actually think the learning and wasn't on the network side. I mean, our network folks and our operational analytics folks are on top of all this stuff. They understand what we're doing. And then obviously, they understand what we have done to ourselves. If we back off frequencies and depth, obviously it's going to be tougher to recover our customers and move our crews around. So, we knew all that. I think that -- I think the two learnings are -- again, we've talked about this a lot. We depended on some hiring to get staff to support that network and it was just tough to get there. So, by the time we were ready to fly, for example, the summer, we just weren't staffed to the point that we thought we would be. And the second learning really was how important the margin is, whether it's cruise or round operations, but I think especially cruise. And as we had lower margin things like reserves and all that, the operation is just -- it deteriorates faster as you eat up that margin that you've got especially on the crew side. So, to me really the learning is on just how important it is, Mike talked about this, to have that margin in the crew network especially as you operate. And then again, in a centered network with lower frequencies, as you have to use a part of that margin to move, cruise around, and those kinds of things, it's just not there. So, to me there were learnings that are really more there, the importance of staffing, than they were on the network design.
Bob Jordan: And one last question and I'll be done, is the -- I've gotten it a lot, which is the requirement to have new hires vaccinated, is that hurting you? Is it limiting your applicant pool? And the short answer is no. We have, I think 50,000 people in the hiring or applicant process whenever we decided to shift and require that our new hires be vaccinated, and we've seen less than 2% drop out of the process because of that. In other words, the 98 plus percent are either already vaccinated or are going to get vaccinated in order to be able to come to work for Southwest Airlines, which number one tells you it's not an impediment, and number two, it tells you people want to work for Southwest Airlines, which is terrific.
Bob Jordan: I think the data proves it out. If you look at our performance from August and then look September and beyond, when we reduced the amount of flying. Our on-time performance substantially increased into September all the way up to just before October 8th. You added the fact that there's one runway in Dallas which is a big -- probably it was more than we expected. Our performance during that period of time with reduced activity but still this broad network was satisfactory. Now, we want more depth because it helps our business customers, it helps recovery, all things being equal. But it's a tailwind we're seeking, not necessarily a root cause.
Linda Rutherford: Thank you, Rocco, and welcome to everyone, members of media to our call today. We can go ahead and get started with the Q&A portion. Rocco, if will just give them some instructions on how to queue up for a question.
Linda Rutherford: No, I think you handled it well, it's just our all-out efforts around education and awareness is to get employees in one of two buckets, and that is to be vaccinated or to seek an accommodation if that is what they need.
Linda Rutherford: Thank you, Rocco. Of course, any members of the media who have follow-up, please contact our communications group. They are standing by at 214-792-4847. You can always visit www. swamedia.com. Thank you all for joining us.
