Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Marcy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter results, $126 million, were excellent. I'm very pleased, very happy for all of our Southwest people. They worked very hard to get us to this point, and I am delighted to see them rewarded for their efforts. Demand was very strong and very steady and resilient, you might say, considering the extreme weather and all the flight cancellations. And I'm very grateful to our customers for hanging in there with us as well. The bad weather definitely cost us but we still managed to stay on plan. Fuel prices continued to be stable with some help from our fuel hedging program, and currently, we expect fuel price stability to continue with modest hedging protection, at least for 2014, at about 20% coverage. I'm very pleased with the progress on our 5 strategic initiatives, starting at the top: All-new Rapid Rewards is, of course, up and running and very smoothly. And in my opinion, and where our folks are delivering the best frequent flyer plan in the business, and it is exceeding our expectations. Next is the 737-800. We're now up to 54 units in the fleet. It's delivering high load factors, very strong revenues and, of course, lower unit cost. So very pleased with that initiative. Third is the rest of our fleet modernization. It's very much on track. The Evolve seating retrofits were completed last year, and those aircraft are also delivering the added revenues at a lower unit cost. The AirTran's 717 retirements are underway, gradually being replaced by 737s in Southwest. This, too, significantly boost revenue per trip for the, really, the same if not lower cost per trip. And then finally, we're continuing the accelerated retirement of the 737 Classics. All combined, these fleet activities are providing a boost to our fuel efficiency gains as well. We completed -- next, we completed the first phase of our reservation system replacement with the on-time launch of our new international reservation system that was done on January 27. And even more satisfactory, it's performed flawlessly. And finally, the last year of the AirTran integration is right on track. Aircraft remain transitioned out of AirTran and effectively into Southwest. Flight crews and dispatchers are transferring into Southwest at the same rate. Published flights are rapidly coming down in the AirTran brand and coming up in Southwest Airlines. The commercial aspect of the integration will be done by year end, and we'll have some wind-down activities that will spill into 2015 but all those should be invisible to customers. We'll launch more flights from LaGuardia, Reagan and Love Field as planned. LaGuardia and Reagan slots, of course, resulting from the AA divestitures, and then Love Field expansion is due to the repeal of the Wright Amendment. And then next year, we'll launch more international flights and out of our new international terminal that's under construction at Houston Hobby. So a lot of things going on in 2014 and they're clicking right along. We're working on our 2015 plans. We have a desire to grow modestly next year based on the results that we expect for 2014. We are on track to achieve our return on invested capital target for 2014 and of course, as usual, that assumes no change in economic fuel price or cost trends. But assuming we keep the fleet flat next year, our roughly 695 aircraft, given the large number of out-of-service airplanes that are coming back into service in 2015, in addition to the up-gauging effect of trading out 717s for 737s, as well as adding 737-800s, that would increase our seat capacity next year in the 2% to 3% range. But until we report otherwise, you should continue to assume a flat fleet for 2015, and that will allow for meaningful growth. Our balance sheet is in superb shape. It should strengthen this year as we continue to produce strong cash flow and pay down debt. At the same time, we've continued to reward our shareholders with share repurchases and increased dividends. And our liquidity is exceptionally strong, supporting these balance sheet moves. So in short, a great quarter and especially considering the weather, the integration drags that continue in the high percentage of developing markets. So I'm very, very pleased to be here with you all this morning. And now I want to turn it over to Tammy Romo, our CFO.
Gary C. Kelly: And, Mike, the only thing that I would add to that really perfect answer is that most of the obvious stuff is gone. So in other words, the way you were describing it, I don't think there are any material inefficiencies there by having a dual brand because our marketing folks are managing to one marketing budget. So you might say that the AirTran brand -- in other words, it's possible that the AirTran brand could be a bit under-supported, but in any event, I think there are definitely inefficiencies in the scheduling of 2 separate fleets that Tammy was referring to. And those, I think, we've at least described qualitatively but I don't think we have a number to that yet. But most of the obvious stuff is gone. We don't have 2 headquarters, we don't have 2 -- we don't have anything like 2 headquarters, departments operating, that's all consolidated into Southwest. So it's really the inefficiency of having 2 operating companies, I think, is where the big opportunity's here.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I'll let Tammy speak to the slots. I believe that's confidential, so we have not disclosed that. But the Love Field gates are obviously -- there's only 2 of them, so it's a rather modest opportunity there. But in any event, at this point, we don't have any other interest.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, international, Savi, is so small. It's only 1% of our total capacity right now. The international opportunity that I highlighted that you're aware of out of Houston Hobby is fourth quarter. So it's not going to have a material capacity impact on 2015. If I'm thinking out loud, I think the vast majority is going to be domestic and probably oriented towards -- what we've already announced is our plans to expand the Dallas Love Field, so all of that will be domestic. So it'll be heavily weighted towards domestic.
Gary C. Kelly: Now we -- and let me just repeat, again, that we're only published through October. So these are committed plans that Bob and I are sharing with you. That's just our -- assuming that the fleet is flat and assuming you see that kind of seat growth, that is what I would assume the split would be with those markets. But we could decide, just to be fair to your question, we could decide, between now and whenever we publish the second half schedule, that we want to put more capacity next year internationally. But that -- to me, that's what is assumed with that flat fleet.
Gary C. Kelly: I think the answer to your first question is yes. You just look at the continued unit revenue growth. And that includes bringing down the AirTran brand and bringing those flights up at Southwest. And the other, there is no thought to confusing the brand by offering bag fees on certain flights like international. No.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, again, I think it's premature. First of all, we're -- we want to grow but we're cautious. We -- the first priority here is to hit and sustain our return on capital. So I think that's really premature, but if -- I think it's going to continue to be a relatively modest component of the Southwest route system for the near future, for over the next several years.
Gary C. Kelly: Glenn, on your headcount productivity question, the other thing -- and of course, I know you know all this, but you can't just use trips as the only proxy for the headcount. So the available seat miles are probably a better proxy for flight crews. And then the trips are also getting -- some of them are getting more flight attendants per trip as an example. So there's a -- while, yes, the trips are down, and it does provide some relief for some workgroups, it is certainly not all.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think it's premature to say. I think that's really not so much a strategic question as it is tactical. This is a very tactical business, and especially when it comes to growth and growth opportunities, I think, number one, is you have to have a strong balance sheet. Number two, you have to have confidence that your earnings will provide adequate returns, and then you have to be confident that you know how to manage growth. So we've been a growth company for most of our history, and I do feel like the company has a lot of institutional knowledge about how to identify new markets and about how long it takes to develop them and about how much should be exposed at any given point in time. The other factor, of course, over a longer period of time that is key to your question is what are fuel prices going to be; and then, secondly, what our overall costs going to be because that will mean everything about generating more passengers and traffic and share for Southwest Airlines. So under the assumption that we continue to be if not the low cost producer or darn near close to it and maintain our low fare brand and fuel prices remain stable over the next decade, I think we have significant opportunities to grow the fleet from here. I wouldn't say that that's 10% per annum, I think that, that was for this industry and for our company otherwise. So something in the low-single digits makes sense in terms of a planning horizon. But you are right to point out, John, that here, in the meantime, when you go from 2012 to '13 to '14 to '15, there's a lot of noise from year-to-year. And so once we get clear of 2015, that's something we'll be focused on, and we'll want to manage our growth very carefully and again, with an eye towards keeping the balance sheet strong and hitting our return on capital.
Gary C. Kelly: Well -- and Tammy, you chime in, too. John, you've been very thorough as well in your analysis. That is all intuitive. We have the same view that you do. We have not finalized our plan yet, and therefore, we're just not ready to provide any guidance. But if you think about the swap from the 717 to the 737, just to repeat what I said in my remarks, the costs are essentially the same. They may even be lower to operate the same number of airplanes, yet you're getting 26 more seats on every single departure. So when we talk about growth for Southwest next year, I'm not going to argue to you that it's free because it is true that we can choose to have fewer airplanes if we don't believe that we can generate that much traffic. But you're right, with this -- the growth we're talking about in the near term should come at a very modest cost relative to a normal view of a fully allocated unit of growth. So that certainly factors in somewhat to our thinking, but the bottom line is we need to be comfortable that we can generate traffic to absorb the increase in seats that we are planning for next year. So if we end up growing seats 2.5% next year, then we need to be comfortable that we'll grow our traffic by 2.5%. If we don't, then I don't think that we should be pursuing it.
Gary C. Kelly: No, but I think it's just common sense that tells you that if your base business is not achieving your return target, why would you increase the base? I think it's just that simple. As a practical matter, the other thing that we keep reminding you and everyone about is that there's just a lot of work going on. So the aircraft movements out of Southwest, AirTran and into Southwest are going to be in record numbers. And then for Mike Van De Ven and our operating departments, that creates record numbers of training events for employees, so it's a lot of activity to manage. If you then said, "Now I want to grow by x number of aircraft on top of that," I just think that that is unwise on its face. So for several reasons, we want to maintain relatively flat capacity in 2014, but the main reason is we haven't hit our 15% target yet. So I think we need to do that first and then make a judgment about whether that's sustainable with growth.
Gary C. Kelly: And again, that's what I was trying to say earlier, which is if we're going to increase seats, we need to be comfortable that we will also increase customers. It helps mitigate the risk to know that the growth is going to come online at a very attractive cost, but that's not the reason to grow. The reason to grow is because we believe we can increase the traffic and the revenues and then it would, again, come hopefully at a very attractive cost of debt service.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't have a problem in debating where the target should be. And as -- I think it also depends on how fast one grows. So if we don't grow, I think that the target probably should go up. If we do grow -- the main thing is are we creating shareholder value or not. And so it's a matter of art as to how much of a premium over our weighted average cost of capital we need to be earning. You look at -- of course, you're an expert at this. You look at broader indices or broader performance across industries, which we do, and feel like the 15% is an adequate return. But that's something that we obviously would continue to consider and talk with our major shareholders about. And so the other thing, and you know the industry well, that I would remind you is that there are very few -- there are no airlines who have hit a 15% return on invested capital over this cycle except for Southwest Airlines. And that is what we did in the '70s. That's what we did in the '80s, and that's what we did in the '90s. So that history alone would tell you that it is not -- it's not a layup to hit that. But in any event, Tammy already said that that's our target and the target has not changed. Does that mean that it will forever be 15%? No. I don't think -- I wouldn't say it that way, but certainly, for 2014, we work very hard for a decade to get to this point and are not going to be ashamed to turn in that kind of performance, if that's the way it turns out.
Gary C. Kelly: For us, we've got opportunities to consider. Red-eye flying and things like that, and that is something that Bob and Mike are thinking about, but we don't have any plans to make any material change in the way we're scheduling the fleet, for any reason for that matter. But that would be the 1 exception perhaps to the shoulder flying comments.
Gary C. Kelly: Jamie, I was just going to clarify that at least on the freight side, since we haven't talked about freight, we are adding more and more markets since AirTran did not previously carry freight. So I think we have decent opportunities to grow the freight revenue category. But the other category that you asked about that Tammy mentioned, yes, that will continue to decline.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Jamie, you're right, we are efficient. But we have things that are tangible today that are under discussion that would give Southwest more flexibility and make Southwest more efficient. So as good as we are, there are always things that can change. And as a matter of fact, there are absolutely some examples with competitors. And if you will permit me, I won't share who those are. But in any event, absolutely, there's always opportunities with every workgroup, always, to find ways to improve. And the nice thing is we're doing well, we've got good news, there are definitely some things that we can do for our people going forward as well and keep Southwest strong and build well for all our employees, and that's a wonderful place to be.
Gary C. Kelly: Terry, we are waiting patiently to see what the next step is in the process. So as far as I am aware, we are still in the running for consideration.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think that sort of gets into the contractual aspect of the lease, and nothing that I really want to comment on. So I can understand why somebody would argue for that, but it's going to be up to the City of Dallas and its lease with American and their sublease rights to determine how to apply this. So I'd rather not comment on that.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Love Field is -- of course, it's going to happen, so we've already preannounced that we'll be selling more flights to more destinations sometime soon. So we're not taking bookings yet, Andrea, as I think you know, on the 15 new nonstop destinations that we've announced. That's a "stay tuned." I think Tammy mentioned already that our business out of Love Field is up significantly. It's up double digit this year even without the new flights yet. So I don't know that we can quite explain that other than just a great service that our Southwest warriors offer every day. But yes, our business in Love Field is good, and we're looking forward to launching the new service here later this year.
Gary C. Kelly: And again, this all assumes 737 service. The geographic footprint is all of North America, including the Caribbean and actually, the northern reaches of South America. So it's a very exciting opportunity, 200 airplanes. I didn't do the math in my head, but that would be about, not quite 1/3 increase in the fleet. So it's longer-haul flying, which takes longer, and it is higher revenue, so maybe our 10% to% 15 estimate is low. But we need to walk before we run here, and we're excited and ready to get started.
Tammy Romo: Yes, no. There's -- we -- I agree with you. We certainly -- there are some inefficiencies as we maintain 2 brands, and just the fact that we -- just from a scheduling perspective and a crewing perspective and especially, given that we don't have a stable -- we've been managing our schedule through this integration. I agree with you, there will be -- should be some opportunities for improvement next year. We haven't -- we'll start to work on our plan here for 2015 very soon, but I would anticipate that there would be some efficiencies that we'll be able to gain next year. We haven't put a figure to it yet, but, yes, we'll certainly work to wring out any efficiencies that we can. And of course, our unit cost will also benefit from the up-gauging in our fleet modernization efforts as well.
Tammy Romo: Mike, I'll give you just one example of an inefficiency, it's just as we're going through the transition with the implementation of a new reservation system as an example. Right now, we are maintaining 3 reservation systems and, of course, with the goal to ultimately get to one. So we do have some of those inefficiencies that we'll continue to work through. So it's those types of ideas that we'll need to -- or opportunities that we'll need to continue to work as we plan for 2015 and even into 2016.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Glenn, I think on just your question on trips relative to headcount, we obviously had a lot of inefficiency just due to -- I'll attribute that largely to the weather. And on the profit sharing, again, our profit sharing was $29 million for the quarter and that was reduced by $6 million related to acquisition and integration costs, half of which were incurred in first quarter '14, and the other half related to integration costs incurred from April 2011 through December 23, which was in accordance with our profit sharing plan. And so the integration costs that deferral period -- for that deferral period totaled about $385 million, and that will result, and this is probably what you need, Glenn, and that will result in $58 million of lower profit sharing expense to be recorded January '14 through December 2018, and $3 million of which lowered our first quarter '14 profit sharing expense.
Tammy Romo: Those just flow right through, like you normally would. So that was our -- we're past our cutoff period. So yes, that would just flow through the profit sharing calculation as normal.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Hunter, what we did recently is we did tighten restrictions on our Wanna Get Away fares, and that's just essentially -- it's just a no-show. I would consider that really more of a no-show penalty, and essentially, if you don't call and cancel your flight, those funds would be forfeited.
Tammy Romo: Well, Hunter, I guess I'll comment and then see if Gary or Bob have anything to add. But in terms of -- usually, the online, as you know, those are usually customers looking for discount fares, and we have no issue with that on southwest.com. We drive a lot of customers to southwest.com because they know that they can rely on us for low fares. And just another, I think, interesting fact, too, is that once we started distributing AirTran fares on southwest.com, we quickly became their largest distribution channel. So we're always looking at advertising and always looking for ways to spend those dollars more efficiently, and we'll obviously continue to do that going forward. But at this point, we don't have any major changes contemplated for our distribution strategy.
Tammy Romo: Yes. And we certainly have realized that, to Bob's point, which all that's been factored into the synergy numbers that we provided for AirTran.
Tammy Romo: I think it's demand. Yes, clearly, what we're trying to do is optimize the network to match customer demand, and I think our commercial team is doing a great job with the network and -- as evidenced by our first quarter results.
Tammy Romo: Yes. Our maintenance costs that we did have, that came out a little bit lower than expected for first quarter just due to shifting. But all of that has been incorporated into the guidance that we gave you, so it's not -- I don't -- it's not material.
Tammy Romo: Oh, part of that is weather. If you look at our increase, the 3.5% CASM increase, unit cost increase, excluding profit sharing and special items, really, most of that was attributable to weather for the quarter. And we also had some shifting in our technology spend, but -- so some of that will get shifted out throughout the rest of the year. But again, that's been incorporated into our 2% to 3% increase for the full year in that guidance.
Tammy Romo: I said other. And that's just obviously, as we're moving AirTran flying over to Southwest, that would be the ancillary revenues. But -- and so we'll see that's just simply the remainder of ancillary charges going away as we move them over to the AirTran brand.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, I would agree. It's really Dallas, and it's really the investment in the DCA slot flying and the LaGuardia slot flying that carries it into 2015. And as Gary said, our international business is a very small percent of the total already. So even Houston on that, for part of the year, it's a small percent of a small percent. So it's really the domestic.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, Hunter. This is Bob. I'll just add a couple of more things. Obviously, AirTran uses the OTAs, and to Tammy's point, we've seen no issue converting AirTran market flights to -- and customers to southwest.com. In fact, those markets are converting and maturing at a rate that's better than a typical new market for Southwest, so I really believe in our distribution strategy. The other thing really on the advertising, when you comp us to others, you've got to think about total distribution costs. So what's -- what you've got to add back are they're paying for GDS fees and bookings, and there are all kinds of costs that you have to look at in total as distribution, in addition to just advertising. And every time we look at that across all of our competitors, we are in the lowest, whether you look at that on a per-passenger basis or a per-revenue-generated basis. So I'm very comfortable with where our costs are, if you look at total distribution costs, which would include advertising. But as Tammy said, we're always watching our advertising costs. I mean, as an example only, we're managing the combined AirTran and Southwest brand basically at the same level of advertising cost that was Southwest only prior, so we're constantly looking for efficiencies there.
Robert E. Jordan: We are. We -- for 5 years now, we've cut those early and late flights really just based on demand. I mean, it's a flight-by-flight, market-by-market exercise. And yet, we've got more flights than ever where the demand is in the day, so I think it's a great thing from a financial and flight performance perspective. Yes, I would expect that -- I wouldn't expect that trend cutting early and late to continue at the pace it has over the past 5 years. So I think we're more stable now, but I don't see us going back.
Robert E. Jordan: Yes, I think so. The domestic market is obviously much more mature. So the international markets that we're looking at are -- there's still a lot of room for development, so more room for competition, a lot of higher fares. Obviously, those will connect very well to our very mature domestic network, our very wide domestic network. So I think there's a lot of opportunity there. But it's a lot of opportunity on a relatively small base compared to the total. So yes, I would expect, to Gary's number, sort of the high-single digits, low-double digits is where I feel like we can grow to. But again, that growth rate -- the growth potential on the current base is much larger simply because the base is so small today.
