Gary C. Kelly: Thank you, Marcy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. We are very pleased with our second quarter financial performance. Excluding items, second quarter profits of $273 million is an all-time quarterly record. It's up 126% year-over-year. Earnings per share of $0.36 is also an all-time record and it's up 140% year-over-year, and also $0.03 ahead of Wall Street estimates. The sluggish economy was no help. High fuel prices were no help, although they at least were lower than the first quarter. But I give all the credit to our people at Southwest and AirTran. And once again, they did a great job of running a very high-quality airline with solid on-time performance, excellent baggage handling, outstanding schedule reliability. And at the same time, our people at both airlines are doing an exceptional job of integrating AirTran, and our people have done an extraordinary job of rolling out a lot of new initiatives like our All-New Rapid Rewards program, the Boeing 737-800, the Evolve seating retrofit for our 700s and a number of other initiatives. And in particular, as we outlined in the release today, the AirTran integration is very much on track. The AirTran business was a significant contributor to our second quarter profit record. A couple of things to note there: First, I'm very proud of our team's efforts to get a deal with Delta and Boeing to replace all of the Boeing 717s and retire them from our fleet by the end of 2015. The operational and cost benefits are obvious with an all-Boeing-737 fleet. But the revenue benefits are huge, given that we've got 26 more seats with the 737 at essentially the same trip cost as the 717. So after gathering up all the one-time accounting charges for this deal in 3Q, the ongoing rental expense versus sublease income is essentially awash once we start delivering the 717s to Delta. And Laura is going to cover all of that in more detail in a few moments. And further, we have significant technology work underway related to the AirTran integration. Our top priority is an international reservation system implementation that's on track for a 2014 deployment. Next is the systems capability at both airlines to connect the networks and the itineraries, and that work is on track for our first quarter 2013 deployment. In addition to core AirTran profits, that acquisition is contributing profit synergies in line with our expectations, and we continue to target $400 million in synergies from that for 2013, which is more than double the current run rate that we have. Still related to AirTran, each airline continues to make aggressive but prudent schedule changes. International cities are being added in AirTran. Small cities that don't fit the Southwest model in this high-fuel-cost environment are being closed. During the second quarter, Southwest picked up additional slots at Washington Reagan. We received authorization from the City of Houston City Council to proceed with an international facility at Hobby Airport, and that's targeted for 2015. And work at Dallas Love Field is on target, on schedule and on budget, and all of that is in anticipation of the full Wright Amendment repeal in October of 2014. So needless to say, there's a lot going on at Southwest. It is already bringing significant shareholder value, and there's a lot more to come over the next several years. I want to thank our Board of Directors for their hard work and their devotion to driving shareholder value. In May, they increased our authorization to repurchase shares to $1 billion, of which half of that repurchase has been completed. And they also more than doubled the quarterly dividend to $0.01 a share. Our strong cash flow, our leverage is low, our annualized return on invested capital for this quarter actually exceeded our 15% requirement. And so you can see why the board took these actions by all of these strong positions and strong performances. And then finally, while we remain cautious about the domestic economy, our business seems to be holding up well. Fuel prices, at least right now, are no higher than they were in the second quarter and hopefully, they will be lower this quarter. But we're keeping our capacity roughly flat this year and next until we're comfortable with our earnings performance hitting our 15% return on invested capital target. And of course, this quarter's results were a great step forward in that regard. So Bob, without further ado, I'll turn it over to you.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we definitely have some opportunities to stimulate demand. But I think that it will be perhaps a bit more tactical in the future than it has been in the past. And also, it has to be at a revenue production level that hits our 15% return requirement. So I think step one is just restoring our profitability to those levels, number one. Number two is to make sure that we have the capabilities in place to pursue expansion opportunities, which we are doing, that's adding the 737-800, that's investing in international capabilities, those kinds of activities. We'll have access to airplanes to be able to grow the airline. So all of those necessary pieces will be in place. And then it's just a matter of, again, making tactical decisions about what new markets we might want to add. Because it's tactical, I think we just have to wait and see when we're ready to add aircraft, what opportunities are available, and that'll be a function of capacity in the market and the price in the market. So Bob Jordan and I both highlighted Houston Hobby and the international opportunity there, which is a perfect example to your question. I'm hopeful that we will be hitting our return requirements so that we can add aircraft, because there is a significant opportunity to lower fares and grow the market in Houston Hobby internationally, as one example. And there are plenty more examples like that, but I think we just don't want to get the cart before the horse. So the first thing is we need to hit our profit targets, and then we'll be in the position to make those kind of choices.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Helane, I'll try to answer your question here. I think first of all, by federal law, Love Field will be limited to 20 gates. I guess it is limited now. But certainly, the new airport construction will be 20 gates. We have ample access to those 20 gates to support our operation. We'll be able to grow from here. We have a very strong business in Dallas, as Laura just reported to you. That is very nice growth in what is a pretty tough economic environment. So we're very pleased with our business here out of Dallas. We always take the competition seriously, but I think we would be delighted to compete head-to-head against regional jets every day. So in the grand scheme of things, our big competition out of Dallas is coming from DFW Airport, not Love Field.
Gary C. Kelly: Dan. Hey, Dan. Let me just interrupt you there. That is the 2011 required presentation. So that, first of all, that's not this year, that's last year. And I'll defer to Marcy as to what we'll have on our IR website for AirTran, if anything, separately. But we're having a harder time separating the profits between AirTran and Southwest as time goes by because they just -- they begin to blend more and more together. But again, I'll defer to Investor Relations over the next several days or weeks. But there was a significant operating profit from AirTran in the second quarter, that's fact number one. Of the $485 million operating profit, which was an all-time record, x items, I don't recall off the top of my head, but as Bob Jordan mentioned earlier, the operating margins at AirTran lags Southwest's margins some. But they're not far off. So they were a substantial portion of that $485 million.
Gary C. Kelly: So I apologize for the misinterpretation there, but the -- but that was a 2011 chart that was required at the time for combining financial statements. I think it's because it was split between -- there was AirTran standalone for a month and Southwest owned it for 2 months, and that's the only reason that's in there. But I agree with you that it is somewhat confusing.
Gary C. Kelly: Well for the most part, our utilization is still very high and especially in relation to prior years. Since 2007, we've concentrated more of the flying into the meat of the day, sort of 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. And the block hours per day are down somewhat year-over-year, but I think that probably suggests, Laura, that maybe we have some opportunities to add more flights outside of the mean part or the meaty part of the day. But...
Gary C. Kelly: I think we reached down about 1 point, 1 percentage point. So we're down about 1 point, Mike, here in this second quarter. I think it's pretty...
Gary C. Kelly: Well, we're -- the 12 months ended June of '12, we hit an 8% return on invested capital, I believe that's in the press release. This quarter, if you annualize the second quarter, it would be over 15%. And that's not my prediction for the next 4 quarters. But it just at least puts in perspective the kind of progress that we've made towards that goal. If we can sustain the current core earnings and then drive the values that we're targeting from the AirTran acquisition from the All-New Rapid Rewards rollout, the fleet initiatives, I think the way Laura categorizes those in her mind probably includes the 800s. Sometimes, I separate them in my own mind. But in any event that the -- what we have detailed for you in the press release shows very significant pretax earnings contributions coming from this collection of fleet initiatives, 800s, the Evolve, the swapping of the 717s in favor of 737s, and I already said Evolve. And by the way, we -- back to Duane's earlier question, we will likely retrofit 100 of our Classic aircraft with Evolve seating as well. But that won't meet the time line that Laura shared earlier. So all told, those more than take us from our current levels to the 15% returns. So we've got a very nice portfolio of opportunities that will bring very significant value. And with respect to your specific point about 2013, whether it's well beyond 2013, I don't think we're prepared to say at all that we won't hit our target next year.
Gary C. Kelly: And just to tie-in again, Ray, on your 15% question, we've had a 15% target for 25 years. So that has -- I don't see that changing. So there's nothing new about that. On American, I think we agree with you that certainly, what we have to plan for is a much stronger, much more viable, much more cost effective competitor in the future. The old American is gone, and it will be replaced by something. So we agree with you. So we're gearing for stronger competition in the future. And that certainly provides the kind of discipline that we need to keep our costs low and our service levels high. Whether the reorganization of American results in some kind of opportunities for us, that's pure speculation right now on our part. But just like we were able to move very quickly to pick up a couple of slots at Washington Reagan, we know what we want to do with the airline over the next 5 to 10 years. And I think we've got the horsepower to move. And as some opportunities present themselves, I think we can decide and move quickly.
Gary C. Kelly: And just so I don't confuse anyone, our plan for integrating AirTran is unchanged from what you initially described. In other words, we will follow through with moving all of the AirTran operations into Southwest Airlines with the product that you know and love today at Southwest Airlines. Absolutely, we've learned a lot from AirTran. I think they do operate differently, and they are an outstanding operator. I mean, they have very strong on-time performance, outstanding baggage handling, and they have a different method of scheduling than we do. And they manage their fuel loads different than we do. So there's a number of things that are still queued up for us, I would say, as opportunities to continue to explore. We don't like to make massive changes to our operating procedures. Safety is our top priority. We want to make sure that people are fully trained and before we undertake a very large change there, we're very measured and very reasoned about how we go about that. But those are a couple of items that I'm very excited about that I think over time, Bob Jordan and Mike Van de Ven have been looking at and some things I'm sure we will implement. The biggest value I think that they have brought to us besides just seeing how another company works is international. Because our ability to research international fares and profits is much -- as you know, is much more difficult than what we're able to do domestically. So this gives us not only just the operating expertise and experience. And we admit, at Southwest we're novices to this, so get that from AirTran. And in addition to that, we get very meaningful insight into those international markets. And of course, these are markets that are expansion opportunities for us. So all of that is really invaluable. But they're very fine people, and they're very excited to be joining Southwest Airlines. We've added a lot of former AirTran folks into our leadership team. And again, I can't say enough of good things about our AirTran family members. They're doing a great job.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, let me just -- while Laura is thinking about your maintenance question, just to clarify, we had an original useful life plan for our Classics. We accelerated the retirement of those. Then when we reached the -- in our planning, then when we reached the deal for the 717s, we pushed some of the accelerated retirement dates back a bit. But they're still earlier than what they would have been had we kept them the entire useful life. So I don't know that that's meaningful to your question. But...
Gary C. Kelly: Yes, there's just a lot of things that are going on in our fleet estimates and retirement dates, and then are we going to have a 717 deal. So I think all that now is finally settled, and Laura has also updated salvage values and just a number of things related to all of the depreciation charges. But on the maintenance...
Gary C. Kelly: I think that's -- the same question, same answer that we've discussed perhaps as early as in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. We had -- first of all, we introduced a new frequent flyer program that simply required more support at our call centers. Now as that -- we actually have seen our calls offered this year compared to last year come down substantially. So I think some of the pressure that we had in our call centers is already behind us. The other thing that we are always trying to manage, Glenn, is just the right balance of staffing and overtime and other forms of premium pay. Last year, I felt like it was a little bit pushed too hard, and we had too much premium pay. So we have allowed for some of our staffing to increase in operating groups across the company, primarily in the call centers, by the way. But the overtime and the premium pay and all of those categories are down substantially, and the overall unit costs performance in salaries, wages and benefits was quite good in the quarter, as an example. So I don't expect our staffing to continue to increase. It has slowed to a crawl, if anything, for all the reasons that you pointed out. So now, all we're doing is simply trying to optimize the cost and the service levels, understanding that we're trying to keep our fleet roughly flat and more importantly, our trips and capacity roughly flat.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't think we can give you any answers to those questions. I think first of all, we're managing the business and in particular, our operating cash flow. Secondly, we want to manage our operating cash flow in such a way that it drives free cash flow. So it will have -- we'll be thinking about having an available amount of money that we want to provide to our shareholders. But that, again, that just depends upon the performance and the availability of that money. I think the other way to think about the share repurchase and the reason that the board did authorize an increase back in May is because we were anticipating that we would before the next board meeting, which is next week, that we would be completing the first authorization. And we certainly wanted to acknowledge to you and the rest of the market that we're still willing to be a buyer, given the circumstances that I described. But there is no deadline. We'll certainly give no pricing guidance or timing guidance whatsoever.
Gary C. Kelly: Gosh, Matt, I don't know that I have any particular reaction. Clearly, Spirit is one of just a very few airlines that are adding aircraft and expanding in this environment. And so we're mindful of that, and I don't know if you heard Laura's report earlier, but we're continuing to manage well, I think, out of Dallas Love Field and are looking forward to the day when all of our construction is complete over here and the Wright Amendment restrictions lapse. But Spirit is adding, they're adding airplanes and they're adding flights. And I think that's a fact. And they're a very, very fine airline, and we take that competition very seriously.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, very simple: because the cost of converting the aircraft is going to be higher than what we would have spent on it. And for us to make a deal with Delta, we agreed to pay those conversion costs. I would just -- just to further explain, we just amazingly found a home for all 88 of those aircraft. And so you might think of it as a volume discount that we were willing to offer to induce our sublease customer here to take those aircraft. But that's all it means is that the cost of converting the aircraft is going to be more with this deal than what we thought it would be. And as to how we make that work, well again, Laura explained that the value that we get from not flying the 717s and instead flying the 737s is substantial. So it -- what -- we'll pay for that conversion cost in the first 6 months.
Gary C. Kelly: No, I was saying the cost to convert an AirTran 717 into Southwest, we were going to spend $50 million. The cost to convert those over to Delta is going to cost $100 million. We're spending more money on the aircraft conversion, and there's also some modest accounting differences and subleasing the aircraft versus just using it ourselves. But the fact is, the Delta conversion cost is more than what the Southwest cost would have been.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I think it's a little bit too early to tell you what the fare environment looks like, at least for the second quarter until we get all the earning results. But I think we have some idea what the rest of the airline's revenue results for the quarter, and they were all pretty good. I think the airline business right now has adjusted to the state of the economy and higher fuel costs. So I don't see that -- but again, based on Laura and Laura's and my earlier report, we're looking for a solid third quarter. We have some distortions with the Fourth of July holiday following on a Wednesday that she commented on and, I don't know if you heard that, Andrea. But otherwise, I think our business looks like it's continuing along. What I said earlier I would just repeat, which is I think it's prudent to be cautious in this environment just given the state of affairs in the world and our domestic economy. But aside from those normal cautionary comments, our business is continuing to be strong. We have very full airplanes and at least no immediate threat of higher energy costs like what we were saying in the first quarter, that seems to have steadied. I won't agree that these lower energy costs, which I heard some commentary earlier this morning on. They're not low. They're very high. But at least there's steady. And when we've adjusted our business to these levels of fuel costs.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, Andrea, sorry, I had the same reaction. Fuel costs aren't low, and we're not seeing any significant penalty for fuel hedging. Fuel hedging, by definition, is an insurance program. And best case is we spend some money on that coverage and never have to use it. So we had -- I think our folks have done a marvelous job of managing our fuel hedge position. There was a $0.03 penalty in the quarter, if you want to call it that...
Gary C. Kelly: $0.04. And that's -- we have positioned the fuel hedge this year to allow for declining prices and for the most part, our folks have participated with all of the reduction in fuel prices. With respect to our program going forward, we're about 30% hedged in the second half of this year, close to 60% hedged next year, about 50% in 2014. We've got positions in '15 and '16, all that is in our press release. So no, we'll continue to be very active in fuel hedging because if you don't have the protection in place, it's an enterprise risk. So it's really just that simple. So then the challenge for our folks is trying to spend an appropriate amount on the program that doesn't penalize the company. We spent less money on fuel hedging in 2012 than we have over the last couple of years. And again, I feel very good about our fuel hedging program. We have substantial protection in place when fuel prices go back up, as they certainly will.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, I think -- I'm looking for the comps, John. But certainly we think July, the fact that we had July 4 on a Wednesday produces a tougher year-over-year comp than what we expect in August and September. I think we also have July, as you say, a very optimal month, and I think we've noted in the past that some of the suboptimal months, and we just have more room to grow revenues than we do in the peak periods like July. But overall, our bookings for the quarter look solid, and we don't see anything for August or September. But I would admit that July is impacted by Fourth of July.
Laura H. Wright: Okay, I'll take the first one. So in the quarter, Wright Amendment revenue was $74 million. That was versus $63 million a year ago. Year-to-date, it's $1.34 billion versus the second quarter. So very strong. And Gary, I will let you talk about...
Laura H. Wright: Yes, and then there's [ph] 2Q '12 11 hours and 24 minutes was the block time average for the quarter. Last year was 11.41, but at '10, it was 11.11, so it's some. And I think we peaked at around 11.50 back in '07. So it's still very, very high.
Laura H. Wright: We can do that, Duane. We have 50 converted through June. We expect to convert about 200 more, about 100 in the third quarter and 100 in the fourth quarter. And we will be done in the second quarter of 2013 with all of the 700s.
Laura H. Wright: When you're talking about the fuel efficiency and all the economics, we haven't provided anything in 2013. As you know, the Evolve seats we're actually expensing. They're not being capitalized, so that's actually adding to some of the cost pressure and why you're not seeing net improvement in the 2013 time frame. But certainly – or 2012 time frame. But certainly as we get into 2013, we have the majority of the fleet, we'll see some nice gains on the fuel efficiency and just the overall CASM from those, but we haven't provided any 2013 guidance yet.
Laura H. Wright: Yes. So we expect capacity growth in 2013 to be modest. That's going to become as a result of the extra seats from the 800 and Evolve. First quarter will be flat to relatively down, but full year will be a modest increase.
Laura H. Wright: I did not. I think I told you that for the full year we're going to be relatively flat with last year.
Laura H. Wright: No, it's actually weighted towards 2013 and 2014. The 2012 estimates are about $1.3 billion, so it was modest, but the real difference is in '13 and '14. Right now, '13 is 1 to 1.1, and that had been in the 1.4 rate so it's definitely the next 2 years when you see most of it.
Laura H. Wright: And I'll let Marcy correct me, but I believe the July benefit was $36 million last year. So again, I think going back to John's question earlier, that could be playing into some of the comps year-over-year in July as well. But...
Laura H. Wright: I don't know if we've broken it out, Savi, but what we have disclosed is with the Evolve, the 6 extra seats, that's conservatively a couple of hundred million a year. This from some pretty easy math on that. You've got the benefits of the 800s and the Classics being retired, that would really make up. All 3 of those together make up the $500 million.
Laura H. Wright: You bet. So in the second quarter, our EarlyBird was $40 million, that was up from $36 million last year. I'll get your first quarter in a minute. Pets, UMs and excess bag charges were $19 million, that was slightly different, Southwest against standalone, that was equal to last year. And I don't know if I have 1Q in front of me. Again, I think that's something we can follow up with you. Marcy Brand will give you a call.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, and so what I'm going to say to Gary's point, some airplanes still aren't accelerated somewhat. We have 40 Classics retiring this year, which is a significant number. So we do expect to see benefit. But all in all, when we look at the total operating costs of the 717 on a nominal basis compared to our 737s, when you look at ownership, maintenance, all the operating costs, they're about the same. So when you think of it that way, we're not expecting to see maintenance increase as a result of this deal. And we'll still get the benefit of the Classics that have been accelerated from where they were.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, we will give guidance on that for our 2013 plan. But certainly, with our fleet plan, we expect to see improvements over time with the acceleration of both the 717s and the Classics.
Laura H. Wright: Yes, Glenn, it was 38% in the quarter, and we expect it to be in that 38% to 48% range for the full year.
Laura H. Wright: It all depends on what your nondeductible items are, as well as just what your full-year PBT [ph] is. So that's why we are giving you a range. But certainly, a 38% range is reasonable.
Laura H. Wright: And Glenn, I was going to add to that is on the AirTran side, Southwest is doing all of the ground service AirTran had outsourced previously in the stations that we both -- and we're doing that much more cost effectively, but it does mean we have more heads than we had on a combined basis.
Laura H. Wright: I think that's probably reasonable. Let me just walk you through, Hunter, some of the items just so you can understand where the costs are coming from. But to your point, 2Q on a CASM x fuel, it was up 4.3, it was 2.7 with our profit-sharing, just to put that in perspective. And what we've got in the half of the year is I think Dan asked a question on Evolve. We've got 50 airplanes that were down in the first 6 months. I think it was maybe only 40. And we've got 100 per quarter in each of the third and fourth quarters. So that's going to be expensed, and that's going to put more pressure on our maintenance expense in the third and fourth. But high return on investment on that. On the airports, we've got some really nice credits that happen to hit in the second quarter. So all in all if you look at our airport costs for the year, they make sense. But first half is coming in lower. We are having some adjustments on our depreciation and ownership as a result of the myriad of things going on in the fleet side that are going to hit the back half of the year. And advertising is the other item where we significantly underspend on advertising and deferred a lot of that. So again, that's an investment that's going to hit in the back half of the year.
Laura H. Wright: Kelly, it really comes down to their design for the spec of the airplane. So they're going to make more changes to the airplane than we would have.
