Michael G. Van de Ven: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon to some of you all and morning to others. As you guys know, the third quarter is a transition period for the operation, and we began the quarter with very heavy summer flying. We had just over 4,000 flights a day at the beginning of the quarter, and we ended up in late August and September timeframe with just under that amount. And the operation is often impacted in this period by a combination of high load factors and weather, and this year just wasn't any different. We had a tough last half of July and early August with 2,200 weather-related cancellations as Tom mentioned. In addition to those cancellations, though, we experienced more weather-related ATC/Block delays this July than we had in any July over the last 10 years. So despite that difficult environment, our people were just, they were magnificent. And I think we delivered superb operational performance for the quarter. We expect to finish fourth in the DoT on-time performance for the quarter, and that's based on our marketing carrier results. And that's an improvement of three spots over last year. We set a third quarter record for the lowest percentage of mishandled bags in our history. And our DoT complaints that have been reported through August were at 5-year lows and are down 24.5% from last year. And just as a reminder we were number one in the industry last year. In our fuel efficiency, as Gary mentioned, continues to grow in terms of the ASMs we produced per gallon. And we're improving at about 1.1%. And again that's primarily as a result of our fleet modernization efforts. So we've had very strong operational results in terms of reliability and hospitality. I think that will continue into the fourth quarter. And we're going to spend more time, as Gary mentioned, focusing towards our efficiency and cost opportunities as we move forward. A couple other highlights in the third quarter, we announced that we are partnering with the State of Maryland to build a maintenance hangar in Baltimore. That's going to house three Boeing 737s inside the hangar and will also provide us with additional parking spots of up to eight airplanes overnight. That's our first hangar in the Northeast and it's really a needed addition to one of our busiest cities. We've also previously announced our intent to add both a pilot and a flight attendant crew base in Los Angeles and those will be open and up here in December and the first part of next year. And that will in part support our Hawaii efforts. And then speaking of Hawaii, it's our expansion focus for next year. And just subject to the timing of our ETOPS certification from the FAA, our goal continues still to be to sell tickets at the end of this year and operate flights early next year. So, with that brief update, Tammy, I think I'll just turn it over to you.
Michael G. Van de Ven: So the ETOPS process takes around 12 to 18 months. That's generally the scheduled time for that process, and we're coming up on just about 12 months of work in there to date. So we have made – continue to make steady progress with the FAA on it. And I would say that we have completed really the regulatory reviews of the manuals. And we've got the feedback from the FAA and made the changes, and we are transitioning now from the design and documentation of our ETOPS procedures into what I would call a demonstration phase. And that's characterized by us doing tabletop exercises with the FAA and then ultimately validation flights. And so we're in the process right now of trying to get those tabletops and those validation flights scheduled. So we've got a couple of months to still do that before the end of the year. Hopefully, after we get that done and we would have the certification in place, then we will begin the process of selling the tickets and trying to book up. So we've got the resources and the locations ready in Hawaii. We've got the equipment there. We have our people bid and staffed, ready to go out there. And as soon as we get the approval from the FAA, we can start our training program with our people. And so on the operations side we'll be ready and then we'll just coordinate with the commercial side of the business.
Michael G. Van de Ven: Sure. Sure, Mary. So if you don't mind, I'll maybe just give everybody just a quick refresher course on the program because it's fairly complicated. But we do have roughly, as you know, Mary, 35,000 fan blades probably supporting our fleet. And the inspection program that's mandated out there today is to do recurring inspections every 1,600 cycles. And the inspection technique you use with that is an ultrasonic inspection technique. And so the engine remains attached to the wing of the airplane, and we do it on overnight checks with the airplane. And that inspection technique is designed to tack cracks as small as 0.016 of an inch. Then in addition to those when the engines comes off for overhaul at the normal overhaul period, an Eddy current inspection is done, and that will detect a crack down to 0.021 inch. And so both of those detection capabilities give us multiple opportunities to identify cracks in any blade out there long before they would become an issue. So, Mary, as you know, after we had 1380, a big fleet-wide inspection program not only just at Southwest Airlines but worldwide. And so we had identified some of the cracks during that process. But now we've got the steady stream in state, and we have not found any cracks with that UTI inspection process during our steady state of 1,600 cycles. But we did last month during a normal engine overhaul, there was a crack found with an Eddy current inspection. And again that was a small crack and so long before it became an issue. So I think we should expect that on an ongoing basis, we'll find one or two of our 35,000 blades cracked through these processes. But that's why we're doing them. And I feel really good about the program that we have in place and I think we are hopefully killing it at this point in time.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, obviously, great question Jack. I think we're very motivated. And I admitted in my opening remarks that the confidence level we have with revenue forecast 15 months from now or 14 months from now can't be that high relative to our confidence level on the cost side of things. So we admit that going in. Revenues can be tough to predict. And I think just couching it in those terms based on what we see right now and based on the plans that are already underway we're very convicted to that. So, Tom, is here and leads our commercial organization along with Andrew Watterson and Ryan Green and we're well along in our planning for 2019. The specifics are pretty much what you know. And I thought Tom was very clear in his report that we had a plan for 2018. We're delivering against that plan remarkably well, remarkably accurately, I guess, I can say. And we're looking forward to the full year benefit of many of those things for 2019. And so if you like Tom can sort of renumerate what those are. In terms of new revenue streams for 2019, we don't have anything to report there today. I did tease last time that we are busy working on the next stream of initiatives. And it will be next year before we're ready to talk about those. So you'll have to stay tuned on that. And Tom as I'm thinking out loud, I don't know that anything new will necessarily come online in 2019.
Gary C. Kelly: I think, said just a little different way, based on what our plan is for 2019 we're not depending on new things that we have no experience with. Now, from a macro perspective, it's not necessarily trying to give you a read on what we think about the economy next year. If you'll just forgive that, I mean, our guess is as good as yours I suppose. But we're not assuming any change in the economy and broader industry demand. As we look at the industry macro levers, supply and demand, I think are in pretty nice balance right now, and I don't think that that will get out of balance next year. But it's a pretty strong environment right now, and I think we have some easier comps, to be blunt, in the first half of next year. That was pointed out by one of your colleagues last time, and we fully acknowledge that. So that's a factor, but it makes the at least 3% RASM growth I think a very viable goal.
Gary C. Kelly: That is correct. And based on what we know right now, I don't think we're willing to commit to anything different than what we've said. Now clearly Jack, we'll be working very hard on this, and we'll owe you and the world an update on our progress, and I would say, Ryan, in 60 days. I'll leave it up to Investor Relations exactly what we'll do next. But we're not done with our 2019 plan and I haven't done this for a long time with you all. I don't remember a time where we ever gave you this much advance insight into the following year. But this one was different enough that quite frankly we felt the obligation for full disclosure here. So this is where we are. I'm not going to say I don't like it because I'm just not satisfied with it. And I think I was also trying to articulate for everyone the perspective that wow, our folks are doing a really good job on so many other dimensions. It's hard to say that you don't like it. But clearly, it's a result that we can't be satisfied with. We need to be a low-cost producer. And if anything, our goal is to drive our unit cost down and not up and certainly up that much. So I gave you an array of things at least to give you some insight as to what we would be attacking here. And I'm going to ask – I've already had a number of volunteers to take on the new initiatives here, and Tom and Mike will head that up. And I'll be asking them to devote a significant amount of their time to these efforts. The balance or the trick here is to keep everything in balance. So we don't want to chase this challenge and all of a sudden let our on-time performance degrade our customer service. And that's why I think the perspective and the balance is correct. So we'll want to make some smart decisions here. But clearly, we can't be satisfied with that kind of unit cost inflation, and we're not.
Gary C. Kelly: I was just – and thanks for that question. It's another really good one. Because I do want to be as clear, and I know Tammy does too, as we can on where we are for 2019. It was really just a perspective that a lot of investment and initiatives have occurred over the last decade. Our load factor, Mike, I'm going to have to guess off the top of my head a decade ago was 10 points lower. So some of the cost that we're incurring today as compared to 2008 are simply because we have a lot more customers per departure. We have a lot more bags. And so some of these cost increases, in other words, are acceptable to me, if you want to describe it that way. There's a lot more to it than that, but most of our transformational efforts were geared towards driving more revenue, and we have been very, very successful with that. We had a huge investment in a new frequent flyer program, ultimately followed on by a huge investment in a new reservation system. And, Tom, as far as I know, the reservation system, which is very valuable, only increases our unit cost. So it is significantly more costly than what we had before. But the business case is really solid. It's just paid for on the revenue side. So that's all I meant there. And then just admitting to you and everyone that for us to manage our cost more aggressively, it's just going to have to take the higher priority and just a lot more elbow grease, because the cost – we are optimizing our schedule, but what we are not realizing is the cost efficiencies that go along with that. And we're going to have to work hard to achieve that. So the other thing I would speak to is – I was very careful with the words. What we are telling you is we're looking at least 3%. So I'm not ready to provide any more information than that because that is all I feel like we can accurately tell you at this point. So that's really the report today. And then as we finish up our planning and as we do identify and commit to some initiatives here, we'll have a much better number. Again, I'll defer to Investor Relations over the next 60 to 90 days, and we'll update you there. So hopefully that answers your question.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, nothing specific, Hunter. It was just acknowledging that a company or its leaders or its people can only do so many things at one time. We've got a really good multiyear program planned in terms of strategic initiatives. A lot of it involves technology construction. And at least for this era, for Southwest, a lot of it involves new technology or replacement technology for Mike Van de Ven and our operations team. So we've starved them a little bit over the last decade because again our focus was more on the commercial side. So it's simply to admit that if we're going to have a major cost initiative or two or three or four, something may have to give. And I don't have anything specific in mind, but my colleagues will confirm. I've been worried for some time that, as usual, we have more things that we want to do than we have capacity to complete. So something may have to give there. So it's just – if you were to come back and ask the uninformed question of how are you going to fit these things in, I think that that's part of what we have to figure out here over the next 60 days is what might make sense. And of course, none of our leaders want to give up on anything because they're all individually very good ideas. So, it's not necessarily to warn you, it is basically just to say that's where we are in this task that we're going to have to crowbar it in on our to-do list here somehow and it's got to bear fruit.
Gary C. Kelly: Let me see if this is in line with what you're asking. The goal is to – I think there's – it's sort of multifaceted. But every year we have a goal to grow our unit revenues. And then I would say from that we have a goal to hit an overall return on invested capital target, which we well exceeded that for a handful of years here. But that is always a goal year-in, year-out. So then within that there would always be a goal to grow earnings and at least sustain if not grow margins. The tax savings is real. So, I don't – it's a little hard and I would debate this with you Savi, it's a little hard to think about pre-tax margins today compared to a period where tax rates were higher because there is some interchange between the tax savings and pre-tax margins. They haven't been competed away at Southwest, but hopefully you get the point there. It's just not – it doesn't all just drop to the bottom line over a period of time. But the main point here in the near term with the early guidance that we're giving you for 2019 is that our goal is to at least sustain and hopefully grow our margins for next year. And it doesn't matter of course in that sense whether you're talking about pre or post-tax. But in terms of trying to – I don't think we have gone back and took a prior year margin and said how will that compare to 2019 or 2020 or 2021. We just haven't done that. And in fairness to Tammy's answer. So what we are focused on is – just so again everybody is clear, we had a really good plan for the third quarter and we executed. Now we have a really good plan for the fourth quarter and we're going to focus on executing that. And in the meantime we're going to finish our plans for 2019 with elements that aren't satisfactory to us and then come back with a firm plan for 2019 that we will give you again a lot more update and insight into. But at least preliminarily those are our goals and right now they don't seem unachievable. But there's a lot of work to be done between now and finalizing our plan. And again there's more information to come on that.
Gary C. Kelly: I love the question and especially the opportunity to try to clarify that. Oh! Yeah, we will absolutely need to continue to innovate and challenge ourselves and think about ways to bring on new revenue streams. That work is already underway. At least with the way we were coming into the planning season here for 2019, I wasn't thinking that we would want to attempt to deploy anything new in a more urgent way along the way you've asked the question. I think, it's very reasonable...
Gary C. Kelly: ...you asked your question that way, and so I would agree with you that that would be a consideration. Now some of the things that we haven't shared with you have a build to them. And there we – we can't turn them on January 1 to be fair to the things that we do have in our minds that we want to pursue. That doesn't include the other kinds of things that we might dream up that say you know what we need to do this and we are going to do it January 1. So all of that is in play. I'm very glad you asked the question. The main focus I want to have though is on the cost side of things. And I have always had in my mind that at some point it will need to be a higher priority. And as I pointed out in my remarks the time is now. We are not seeing the kinds of efficiencies here as we begin to trim the schedule back that I was counting on and so we're just going to have to work that much harder to do that.
Gary C. Kelly: No. Okay. We feel very good about Hawaii, and the work. I think, Tom and Mike, both commented on the status of that work there. So...
Gary C. Kelly: Well, I may have to go back and reread it and reflect on your interpretation there. But, Tammy, you can help me explain here. I think the...
Gary C. Kelly: ...part of what we were – and I think, Tammy and I have both covered it. But just to make sure we've been clear, there are known cost increases coming into 2019. So, we've been spending money on airports. Mike retired the classics and bought new airplanes to replace those. So there are line items that will see cost increases. We know about that. And that's what I was trying to point out. Those investments have been made. We've implemented a new reservation system. That depreciation is flowing through on and on. So those things are known. The airline also has not in many cases added enough capacity yet to absorb some of these step increases and investments. Some of them are very, very fixed. And as time goes by, you will see unit cost declines, and of course, I know you can imagine what those are. So the opportunities for us are – they're classic opportunities. It is our corporate overhead, which is much more discretionary than having – as compared to frontline operations. But operations is key here. It's having a very high-quality schedule that Mike delivers really good on on-time performance that helps keep cost down. And then, we just need to turn airplanes efficiently. We need to have efficient en route times. All of those things combined to produce very efficient and low-cost operations, which we're famous for. So, there's always opportunities to go in and fix things. And again the challenge for us is to make sure that we don't make changes that mess something else up unintentionally. So we've got a very good schedule right now. And just thinking about 2019, we're very enthused about its revenue producing capabilities. It may be a little harder for Mike to staff it and to operate it, and so we just want to again try to keep these in balance, so there are things that our commercial team can do to perhaps make it easier on the operation from a staffing perspective. And a classic example would be we have a lot of originating flights early in the morning at an airport and then nothing for them to do all day long until the airport goes to sleep. That may be great for revenue, but it's not the most efficient from operating the airport just to give you some color into what we mean. And we'll be pursuing all of those opportunities and our folks already have a plethora of ideas to pursue.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, there is – if you just think about the reservation system and we've shared that cost $500 million many, many times, not all of that got capitalized and not all of that flows through over time through depreciation expense. And it is beyond me to explain to you those rules on which one is which. But in – while we are currently working on developing a lot of technology for our operations team as an example, there is – I'm searching for the right word. Our costs do balloon as all this work is underway. We need extra help. And sometimes it shows up in consulting and professional services, maybe some other software firms or whatever it might be. And it also flows through the business side. So these technology projects are wonderful, but they are very expensive. And so not all of that – Tammy off the top of your head I don't know if you have a rule of thumb. But it's – I mean, it's not even 50% capitalized.
Gary C. Kelly: And Duane, you remind me of an earlier question that I don't think I ever answered. I know we're over our time. So I'll try to be quick year. But there was a question about whether or not this was sort of a transitional year and the inflation goes away post 2019. And that may very well be. I don't think we are prepared to give you an answer on that yet because obviously the 2019 information is important to you and is new information. And we want – I want us to be comfortable that whatever we tell you that will happen next that we've done enough work to be able to support that. But I do think that that's a reasonable thought that this is somewhat transitional. But we need to be comfortable with that. Obviously, we do long-range plans. But the longer they are the less certain we are that they are realistic. So we'll want to revisit those longer-term plans now that 2019 has come more into focus before we answer that question.
Gary C. Kelly: I don't know, I'll let Tom guess on this too. And maybe Tom and Andrew have some sense of what other airlines see. We have a different frequent flyer program. Every seat every day is available for redemption, and it's de facto revenue managed. It takes more points to make a booking the week of travel than it does to get an advance purchase ticket. So there are natural revenue management controls over that. But I think they would also tell you that we're really indifferent where those awards get used. The accounting has changed, so that the revenue recognition doesn't penalize that. So in other words, you won't see it. And our assumption is our customers earned these points and they're going to fly them somewhere. If they want to fly to Hawaii or they want to fly to Amarillo, it's all good by me. But I can't imagine a scenario like the old days, people were worried about we're going to fill this whole airplane up with zero paying frequent flyers. I can't imagine that scenario. But if it happens that way, you still won't see a problem.
Gary C. Kelly: I'll make one other quick business argument to you, which will hopefully give you – if you're not convinced yet, more comfort, which is remember, the awards are earned in two basic methods. One is you can fly and get a point, but you can also spend money with a credit card and get a point, and for those we get paid. So the way we look at it, whenever we have a redemption, it's not zero dollars coming in. It's realizing the deferred revenue or the air traffic liability that was already received by Chase in payment of those points. So maybe some customers literally have – they're taking a "free ticket," but most of them have a blend of credit card and flights. And so that makes it even easier to get comfortable that it's a good business decision for the company to manage the frequent flyer program this way.
Gary C. Kelly: So, Conor, from the time we get the certification, it's days to publish is the way to think about it. And then what Tom was describing there is from the date that we then publish, we could be flying in weeks. I think a lot of that, when we fly we'll be more dependent upon what is the calendar. We don't want to start flying on Christmas Day, as an example. So that will be a factor. But anyway, you get the idea. There won't be a long timeline once we get the approval.
Gary C. Kelly: Mary, the only thing that I would add just for emphasis is that, we know enough now to expect that a very small number of blades will show up with a crack. So that's what Mike is saying. That's what the protocol is for. I think that we and the manufacturer have been delighted with the success that we're having with our procedure. And again what Mike was describing with Eddy current, CFM or GE, I guess, does that. We don't do the Eddy current test and that's only done at the engine overhaul step, Mike...
Gary C. Kelly: And Mary when you and I talked earlier, I may have misspoke, by the way. You were asking me about the flight cancellations. And I thought most of those were attributable to Florence. And I think Mike was pointing out – I don't know if you heard his report earlier, but most of that, it sounds like, Mike, was in Denver and Baltimore.
Gary C. Kelly: So I just want to – if that was important to you, I want to make sure that you know that I was a little off-track on my answer earlier.
Gary C. Kelly: Yeah, I don't mind doing that. I'm not going to give you much information, but I would say so that your mind doesn't go there that we're not thinking charging for bags. We're not thinking about charging change fees. The good news is, we have other opportunities that we can explore that will actually enhance the Southwest brand and not detract from it. So that will absolutely be our goal. And by the way, I'll just quickly add, I don't think it would be revenue positive for us to charge for bags. That's sort of implied by my earlier comment. We like the fact that it's more customer-friendly, but we also believe that we get more customers and therefore more revenues by that approach. And it helps to be the only airline that does that. So it provides a bit of – interestingly some distinctiveness that we've, I think, capitalized on very well.
Gary C. Kelly: But otherwise, I can't really give you any other teasers as to what we are up to until it's ready for primetime. And that's – sorry, it's just not ready yet.
Gary C. Kelly: If it's kind of a broader economic, sort of more macro insight question which we get often, we're not seeing any signs of economic weakness and demand is very strong. I agree with Tom, that the business versus leisure mix is very strong. Corporate sales is a real outlier with its strength and it's just an overall very good report.
Gary C. Kelly: Well, yeah, a great question. And of course, I'll just talk more broadly if you don't mind about our international segment and it's relatively small. It's only roughly 3.5% of our capacity. But Mexico in particular is off trend. And really it's not just the third quarter. It's this year. And I think the rest of the industry has been reporting the same thing. I did share with you that if you just take domestic versus international, our domestic performance was RASM up 2.3%. If my memory is accurate it'll be close at least on the international segment on really a modest capacity increase overall, but the international segment was down about 3.5%. So it's a pretty big gap between international and domestic. I'm a believer in Mexico and we've had a really strong demand up until this year from leisure customers going to the beaches. And I think that will return, but I think we've seen a pretty widespread weakness across the travel industry. And you could speculate on the reasons as well as I could but consumers have options, and if they feel like they've got better options, they'll go other places. So it may have in fact helped our business in other Caribbean beach destinations for all I know. But in any event, we're definitely seeing – like the rest of the industry, we're definitely seeing a weakness this year. And I don't see any signs of that abating dramatically, but it does sound like it's not getting worse and maybe we'll see some strengthening here.
Gary C. Kelly: We're not ready to make any cuts at this point. The only thing that I would say is that – and Tammy made this very clear with her comments with the analyst is that our focus with our – not more than 5% growth in 2019 – is Hawaii. And so we're not planning on adding any meaningful amount of international flying in 2019 because of that. But we haven't shared whether we plan to trim any routes and that's something that we routinely do. But again, there's nothing to share about that at this point.
Thomas M. Nealon: Well, I think what we're seeing is the ancillary products are growing in a pace faster than our core business and our credit card business is very, very strong and such. I think it starts with just the close-in current environment is very, very strong and I think that one of our areas of focus is just that just focus, focus, execute and drive that into 2019. And I think what we're seeing is the initiatives are paying off. I think that our One Res initiative whether it's O&D bid pricing or the pricing capabilities, the credit cards, the ancillary, these things are paying off. We're seeing real strength in our corporate sales business. That's a really bright spot for us. And I think when you look at some of this more broad-based of our key focus cities, there's just real economic strength and the performance is outstanding. So we got our work in front of us but I feel very, very good about what we know at this point.
Thomas M. Nealon: Helene, my guess is you'll see a lot of Rapid Reward redemptions early on, a lot. We've been acquiring customers and credit card holders for the past year very, very intentionally. And they just, as you said, are building their points up. And as Gary said, we don't care. We would love to have that plane full of passengers. Whether it's a cash passenger or a Rapid Reward passenger, I'm indifferent. They are good customers and we're getting our financial piece out of that sale. That's how I think about it.
Thomas M. Nealon: I think, Conor, that once we get that certification, we're ready to go. Andrew and the commercial team have been working on the schedule and how that builds over time and how quickly that kind of thing, it's a great schedule. We're excited to get out there. But once we get the certification, then we'll publish the schedule and it will be flying within weeks or a month, I would think. Back to what Mike was saying, our facilities are ready to go. Our teams are over there. The aircraft are ready, and we've been working on this for quite a while. So we are really just chomping at the bit ready to go once Mike pulls that trigger and says okay, commercial, we've got a go.
Thomas M. Nealon: This is Tom, Alison. We're seeing strength in both leisure and business. In fact, what we're really seeing, it's not just strength in both of them, but we're seeing our corporate sales slice of business really perform very nicely. And I think part of that does have to do with some of the revenue management techniques and tools we talked about earlier in terms of some of our pricing techniques and our ability to create higher value itinerary result kind of stuff. But bottom line is I'm getting to revenue management behind you. I think that our corporate business is really performing really nicely. We are seeing very strong performance there in terms of loads and in terms of fares in passenger. And I think that our leisure business just continues to perform nicely. So at 84% load factor, which is down a point, isn't bad, we still carry worth 40 million passengers. So we feel really good about that, but the mix is very strong and our business mix is really picking up.
Tammy Romo: Sure, I'm happy to take that. Yes, we've incorporated all of our any anticipated rate increases, our agreements into the guidance that we provided this morning. So you've got all of that baked in, which I would point out based on what I've read from some of the other carriers, I noticed that not all the carriers have incorporated that into their guidance. So, what we've given you is fully loaded with our expectations.
Tammy Romo: Savi, I feel like we have really recaptured our fuel cost increase here. We've got a nice hedge that's mitigating that and that's properly covering 25% or so of the – if you compare our hedge versus the increase in market prices I feel like we're recovering a nice chunk of that just from our fuel hedge. And of course from a revenue perspective we're performing well there. So to deliver this quarter margin expansion we're really proud of that. So we feel like we have largely recovered that.
Tammy Romo: Yes, excuse me. On a pre-tax margin, I think that goes back to just our earlier discussion on the cost, Savi. We're going to have to work through that here in our planning process to offset some of the headwinds. But we delivered on all of our guidance here in the third quarter. And, again, we're kind of focused on the pre-tax margin and again delivered on a very solid margin both operating and on a pre-tax basis. So we'll keep working at that. But pre-tax and after-tax, we feel like we're largely recovering that to the bottom-line.
Tammy Romo: Yes. It's – yes. For 2019, it's roughly $270 million. And I'll share 2020 that's about $175 million.
Tammy Romo: Yeah. And just to add to – just to help you out where some of these pressures are going to manifest in the P&L, certainly we do expect some headwinds in our depreciation. And that is from the investments in the technologies that we've been making here. So you'll see some – we'll see some headwinds there in depreciation and amortization related specifically to the technologies. And then of course salary, wages and benefits is where you'll see some pressure as well on a unit cost basis year over year as we work to absorb some of the investments that we've made here over the past number of years. So – and I would expect salary, wages and benefits to be the most significant driver of our unit cost pressure next year. So – and some of that will fall out in other as well. So we don't – again we're – I'm not ready to give specific line item guidance today because we're still working our way through the plan, but at least directionally that will – can maybe help you with your modeling. And then just another thought that I had as Gary was talking just as we look ahead to 2019 and just thinking about some of the inefficiencies that we've at least talked about, we'll – and as we grow into that we would expect to absorb some of that. But our – just one note on our 2019 ASM guidance of no more than 5%, as I mentioned that does include Hawaii flying. And that's estimated to be about half or so I mean of our planned year-over-year growth. And you – and I know a lot of you look at our – follow the Diio schedules. If you look out at Diio, you can see that our capacity without Hawaii is quite modest. And I think they're trending in the 1% to 3% range without that Hawaii flying. So we're anxious to start our Hawaii flying and ramp up our schedule there. So hopefully that provides a little more color as you're trying to complete your models there.
