Mike Van de Ven: Thanks Bob. In addition to all that work that Bob just covered, we made significant adjustments to our operation in this bleak COVID-19 world. We started the quarter navigating through cancellations and customer re-accommodations based on a weak demand. The lack of demand led us to implement aircraft parking and storage programs. The trip cancellations created crewing and hotel challenges. And in the midst of that, we also introduced the Southwest Promise which drove significant changes in our operational procedures. Throughout all those efforts, our people produced the best quarterly operation that I can remember. They were heroic. They were magnificent. Their teamwork was superb. So as I mentioned, the month of April, we were reducing flights and re-accommodating the few customers that flew on the other flight. We had nearly 4,000 flights a day scheduled in April, and we operate about half of those. All of those cancellations kind of begins with our on-time performance. And overall we were 98% on time on flights we did operate, our on-time performance for April was 47%. That pulled down our overall quarterly results to 71.5%. We were more than happy to make that trade-off given the cash savings of not operating those near empty flights. But from May 3 June 30, we were able to adjust our flight schedules for demand, and we operated those schedules as published. Our OTP for that period was 94.8%, and that's the best May and June performance in 25 years. Our bag handling continue to improve with the rollout of our bag scanning program last year, and we added cargo scanning here in the second quarter. We had the lowest level of mishandled bags in our history in second quarter. Our customer Net Promoter Score was also the highest that we have on record. So our network design and our decision support tools that we're using in our operations create a solid foundation for whatever the future holds. We have the ability to add or cut flights close in as desired, and that operational flexibility is just critical in this environment. So turning to the fleet. We had roughly 400 aircraft in long-term storage or temporary parking programs in April, and that included our 34 MAX aircraft. Since April, our daily scheduled trips increased throughout the quarter and into July. And then additionally, our loads were increasing on each flight. And so we added roughly 6,900 extra sections beyond those scheduled as a result. Those items required more aircraft availability. So we added 300 aircraft back into the active fleet. And at this point, we have about 100 aircraft including the MAX, and long-term storage or temporary parking programs. We remain committed to the MAX. We look forward to its return to service. It is our most cost-effective airplane, and having it back into service will give us more certainty in terms of fleet planning. Given the most recent Boeing and FAA comments, we're hopeful to begin revenue service in late December. But given the history of delays, it certainly could slide into the first quarter. It will take at least a couple of months from the date the FAA formally ungrounds the aircraft for it to fly in revenue service. And that time will be needed for manual updates coordination with our certificate management office, required maintenance on the aircraft, pilot training and then validation on readiness flights that we want to perform. So wrapping up one of the most active, action-packed quarters that we've ever had, we navigated through the activities exceptionally well, producing superb operating results and customer accolades for our service. And as I said during the last quarter call, we are at war with COVID-19, and we are blessed to have a ferocious group of warriors that are ready for the fight. And they inspire me and our customers every day. So Tom, with that, over to you.
Mike Van de Ven: Or shortened. Yes, we have constant communication with the project teams over there. And what I would tell you is that there's nothing in the return-to-service work, whether it's maintenance work on the aircraft or pilot training or other things like that that are adding any significant length to our time frame. So as I said, I think it will take us a couple of months to get that airplane back into service. And the biggest thing on the time line, it really is the pilot training. We think that we can get that training event done per pilot in a day, and we have nine simulators available to go do that. So we think it will take us somewhere around nine or 10 weeks to get our pilots trained. And then after that, we can get most of the rest of the work done within that time frame.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. I think the downside to continue on BBR is just a continuation of an old platform that we want to begin to move our customers to industry standard platforms, and that's where they want to go. So that's one of it. But I think in terms of continuing on with the conversations with Sabre, I've worked with Sabre since 2001 or 2002. It's always a challenge. It's a good company, but they're challenging to work with. We've been working for two years to get a contract. And at some point, you just need to call it and move forward. And again, to move forward with platforms and to companies you can do business with. So we're still using Sabre to get their product. We are still using some data -- or some of Sabre's data translation and migration products. So Sabre is a good technology company. We've just had a really tough time cracking the nut on how we conduct business, one with the other, in this GDS world. So that's where we are. So there are no conversations going on at this point. I don't expect there to be any conversations going at this point for some period of time. But we felt we can't do it, so.
Mike Van de Ven: Yes. It's interesting. Amadeus is the world's largest GDS. They have a very, very small presence in the U.S. today. They are quite hungry to build a very strong U.S. presence. Now we're going to have them up and live well before the end of the year. Travelport is resurgent, and they have three good platforms. So to Gary's point, we do have options. This -- back to Sabre is a good company. It's just not working out for us with them in this category. But I'm OK with where we are. We'll be able to hit our objectives. It may take a little bit longer, but we'll be able to hit our objectives.
Mike Van de Ven: We know Mr. Calhoun well and have a long relationship with him. So our communication has been open with him. We knew Dennis well also, so we had good communications with Dennis. So I wouldn't say we've had -- Boeing has been a good partner with us through this. They've kept us informed of what's going on. They have -- the lines of communication are open. We talk to them each week about the process and have stayed pretty close with them on it, so no complaints in terms of the communication.
Mike Van de Ven: We -- this is Mike. We had -- we just had an agreement with Boeing that we would take no more than 48 aircraft in 2020 and 2021. And that was back at a time where the return to service was projected to be earlier for the MAX than it is today. So those are some of the discussions that we need to have with Boeing and with the COVID-19 environment that we have and the delay of the MAX, what that looks like. So it feels to us like 48 is the maximum. And that we probably have a need for something less than that. Okay.
Mike Van de Ven: No, it's really just -- it's just really trying to get an order book, a delivery sequence that we all agree with.
Gary Kelly: Yes, Hunter. I would say that that is one element of it. I think we're trying to rack up as many competitive advantages as we can. Fortunately, Tammy got this question earlier this morning, but we've got very high-quality financings in place. We've done two senior unsecured deals at very reasonable interest rates. So it's evidence of our ability to access the capital markets. We've got -- we've unleashed some collateral that we had to pledge early on during the crisis with a couple of different bank term loan deals that we were doing, but all that has been freed up. So at this point, we've got $12 million in collateral available, $10 million of that is in airplanes. So the -- as I'm sure you know, the terms of the government loan are pretty onerous including a significant file of warrants. So yes, I think we would much rather avoid those. And I think what's near and dear to shareholders' hearts is it puts restrictions on dividends which I object to, and share repurchases. I object to that as well. We're not paying dividends and share -- buying back shares now. But obviously, we'd like to have that flexibility in the future, and I'm sure you would too. So there's a lot of reasons why we'd like to avoid that. And if our competitors have it, absolutely, I think it puts them at a disadvantage.
Gary Kelly: I think -- and Tom may want to chime in too, from a strategic standpoint. But if you just look at our overall business model, we looked at it again and challenged ourselves whether we needed to make fundamental changes in this environment. And we have concluded quite the opposite, that we're in a very strong position. And I would put the fleet strategy in that conceptually as well. I know that Mike believes that the MAX is the best narrow-body airplane in the world. It's frustrating that it's been on the sidelines all this time. But certainly, the lack of complexity oriented around having a single fleet type is extremely helpful. This is a low cost environment. It's another opportunity to sustain that. We'll have to continue to evaluate our fleet strategy separate from our overall business model going forward, but it's a high hurdle to overcome to commit to a second fleet type. One of these days, I assume that the company will, but it's certainly not obvious that that's anything we need to do anytime soon. So yes, short answer is I do think that that's a welcome advantage currently.
Gary Kelly: I suppose it is. I think again we're able to do senior unsecured, where we don't have to pledge anything and other than our good looks and our credit. So we -- I'm happy that those things are potentially available to us, but I don't think we need them. We've got $15.5 billion in liquidity. That needs to be more than enough to see us through. And we've got a pristine balance sheet, still low overall interest carrying. So that's all good, but we don't need it.
Gary Kelly: We -- I agree with that. The only thing that I -- because I know that we have incurred some cost -- some significant cost reductions would be point number one. What I think we would be -- to give your question serious consideration, I think what we would need to -- what I would at least need to think through is what things are timing and simply deferred as opposed to more permanent reductions. One thing that I would want to -- first of all, I think it's fair to admit, we don't have a plan per say. So this has turned the world upside down. So we're in -- we're like a patient in intensive care. And we are working to get out of intensive care, and it's a 30, 60, 90 kind of a time horizon. We're debating right now, as an example, what kind of "plan" that it's worth even working on for fiscal 2021. So right now, we've got a laser focus on getting the company to breakeven cash flow. So that's -- and that's going to take -- it's a volatile -- more volatility than we've ever experienced. That's going to take a lot of management. It's going to take a lot of iterations. And certainly, one way or the other, it's got to take more passengers. You just can't cut your way to breakeven. So hopefully, that's instructive. However, I like the direction that you're headed because we do -- we have discovered some efficiencies. The working from home as an example, is pretty interesting. I think that it will allow us the opportunity to consider avoiding some capex in the future, whether it's building a parking garage or expanding buildings or whatever it might be. So I think there are clear opportunities there. I think that the way that Bob Jordan has led the voluntary separation program has probably allowed us some structural cost reduction across our pay scales because they're very senior people that are electing to take that. So yes. It's probably -- again, it's a somewhat stream of consciousness to your question, but that -- I like your thought, and that ought to be an objective of ours. I just think in fairness to your question, we have not done the work to be able to prove that. But clearly, in this environment, we need to keep our cost -- we need to crush the cost down and need to be imagining and innovating like never before so that we can pull that off. One of the things I worry about, quite frankly, is that we've cut investments to the bone. And in terms of just the digital world and opportunities there which we have significant ones, we put those on hold. So at the appropriate time, we'll want to come back to that and make sure that we're not shooting ourselves in the foot on that. But that's a question that's a little too early to give you a specific answer.
Gary Kelly: And we have options. We've got lots of others. We have fantastic options. And we're going to push these new options we have really, really aggressively.
Gary Kelly: But again, our intent right now is to take zero and not have the any government loan, just to be clear.
Gary Kelly: It's kind of interesting. The -- our intent is not to do this forever, nor do our customers expect for us to do this forever. So we're going to have play this by ear and see what sentiment looks like on that kind of thing. But honestly, at this point, if we weren't blocked in the middle seat, our load factors aren't such that we're foregoing any revenue, right? So it's not really costing us right now. What has cost us something is adding in the 6,900 additional sections or flights to cover those flights that did reach capacity, why lose the demand? So we put flights in to capture that. As I said, 80% cover their costs, so we're profitable. It was a handsome profit. 20% didn't. In that 20%, probably represented $5 million or so for the quarter, and it's probably 4% or 5% near capacity points of ASMs, if you will. So pretty modest, but net the 80% that was favorable against the 20% of the cost was $5 million, it was an easy decision. So I think we're in a good position with that.
Gary Kelly: No. No, they're -- if you're saying, will -- once we pay our salaries through to September 30, will there still be PSP money? The answer is no. I think going into this, the way the treasury department kind of sized it all up is that Tammy Romo, our CFO, and her folks, put in a grant request for an amount of money. And basically, the treasury came back and said, we'll give you 76% of what you asked for. And that was all based on again projections for what our spending would be. But the point being is the PSP, while is very welcome and very appreciated, it's far below what our actual spending for salaries, wages and benefits will turn out to be. So there's no leftover. It's the opposite.
Gary Kelly: Well, there is energy behind that, speaking for Southwest Airlines. And personally, I'm a huge advocate for it. And Linda I think just this week, if not today, we are beginning our prototype with Dallas Love Field to test that. And Alison, it is for the sole purpose of trying to demonstrate to the TSA the efficacy of the process and so forth. So the Airlines for America is unanimous in its support for the temperature checks. So we have not lost our enthusiasm. I can't speak for the administration. So I wish they would take it up and get this done. It's one more layer of safety and defense against spreading the virus. Obviously, things aren't going the way we'd like in the United States in terms of cases, so I'm anxious to get moving on this. So no lack of enthusiasm on our part.
Gary Kelly: Yes. I think the way to visualize the situation with Boeing is that, basically, where we go from here needs to be negotiated, period. It's almost like we don't have a firm contract for deliveries. So all of that has to be completely reset because Boeing is out of compliance with their contract.
Gary Kelly: Well, let me make sure I'm understanding your question. Are you -- so first of all, we have not decided that we will furlough or lay off anyone, OK? And then if your question is, could there be furloughs among certain work groups and not others I think certainly, conceptually, anything is possible there. In other words, we could find that certain work groups are not overstaffed, other work groups are. I think anything, at least in my mind, it's contract by contract. And then we have a large population of noncontract employees also where we have more flexibility as to how we can think about these things in their favor, quite frankly. So -- but we'll have -- we have plans and ideas about what we would pursue if we're faced with that prospect. But right now obviously we're working very hard to avoid it.
Gary Kelly: Yes. Yes, that's the way to think about it. And all of that is a work in progress. And as we were -- if you were listening to the analyst portion, we're -- we had, on June 30, we had a great plan for August. And now three weeks in, we're finding that August has changed significantly. And so we're just going to have to be prepared to have a lot of volatility and have to be prepared to make frequent adjustments because it's really almost impossible to plan right now. But yes, the rule of thumb that you should be using is that we'll be lowering our capacity in the fourth quarter, roughly 25%. And if demand is like it is today, that won't be enough. We'll need to be smaller than that. Tom, I don't know if -- and Mike, if we can be bigger than that. I.e., more capacity than that. I think you have some flexibility there, but we're probably capped at about 75%-ish, it seems to me, with our voluntary exit program.
Gary Kelly: And to just sort of inferring the perspective that you're coming from, well, this is one thing that we're trying to do for our customers. And I would say that we are in a stronger position than our competitors. We're trying to continue to offer your community a very good flight schedule. And that's the balance we're trying to strike here is match supply with lower demand, but not cut the supply so much where you have virtually no good flight options. So I think you'll still -- regardless. I think you'll still have a very good flight schedule in San Antonio. And I think like Tom mentioned, we haven't cut -- we haven't eliminated service to any of our domestic markets including Hawaii for that matter and don't intend to at this point. I can't promise that into perpetuity, but whether we're back to full capacity in San Antonio at year-end or not, you'll still have a good flight schedule.
Tom Nealon: It is kind of interesting when you step back going through this COVID thing, you get it -- you're pretty introspective sometimes. You have to step back and look at it. I'll tell you what I think, and this is part of the restructuring work. But I feel like our network is fundamentally very, very sound and very, very strong. I feel like our business strategy, but you have to go back and look at is you're looking at restructuring is very, very fundamentally sound and secure. And a measure of how it couldn't be is based on a very efficient operation which is where the 737 comes in. It's based on low cost which is where the 737 comes in. It's based on low fares which does drive our low cost which is where the 737 comes in. So as we go back as part of our restructuring, think about our fundamental strategy. Our core corporate strategy remains very, very sound and intact, and that's what we're going to build on in terms of the restructuring work going forward. And maybe even believe that it's more appropriate than ever for the current environment. So actually, we're very, very confident, but we've got to get more passengers. There's no getting around that.
Tom Nealon: Well, yes. Just real quick. This is Tom. We're pretty excited about getting back to Hawaii. And I think our -- I get the quarantines are moving so frequently. I'm getting them all confused. But I think Hawaii was -- were planned to having service return in September, if I'm not mistaken. And we're going to begin to restore so today, we're really kind of a final service level of service. Very -- two flights from the mainland to Hawaii and a few inner islands, that's about it. We're really excited to be in to get that back into our pre-COVID. We're going to build the Hawaii, California market and the inner island market. That's what we were slated to do. Governor Ige I think very appropriately, extended the quarantine. So we pulled that back. But we're excited to get back to Hawaii as soon as we're allowed. And I think the same thing is true with the international travel, as soon as things are good to go, we're anxious to get back in those businesses as well. But today, we're only serving I think Cancun, Montego Bay and Cabo. So we're anxious to get going, but it's just not time right now, but we will.
Tom Nealon: Yes. I think what you're seeing is -- we're not picking out San Antonio. In fact, our CEO's from San Antonio...
Tom Nealon: Yes. But we just had to pull back our network pretty significantly. So typically, we're running 4,000, 4,200 flights a day. We're somewhere around half of that. So we've had to contract. Now we've done this without closing any stations or any cities, but we've had to pull our flying in. So San Antonio is one of the markets where we're doing that. So we're anxious to get it back up to its prior capacity levels though once demand is there.
Tom Nealon: I'd rather not try to lead you. I think if we can get and stick with down 25%, I think you'll have a good flight schedule. Exactly how that will compare to where we are today, I don't think we know. It's just too complicated, trying to schedule an airline and optimize it as infinite solutions. And it is peculiar sometimes how things end up with some markets have more flights and less flights, and so I don't think there's any way to give you a good answer on that. I think just trying to -- like golf, just trying to get on the green here is just trying to say that you will still have a very viable flight schedule. And something that we -- again, you would be happy with and we'd be proud of. But I can't give you a specific answer.
Tammy Romo: Yes and no. I'd be happy to take you through that. Really, just to kind of start off with, our core cash burn, as I mentioned, is really intended to be our ongoing spend. So we include -- our operating expenses are a good proxy for our cash expenses. And then we include our kind of normal amortization of debt. So we do factor that in as well. So really, it's just, for the most part, our operating expenses, cash operating expenses less our revenue, and we adjust that for the amortization of debt and interest and so forth.
Tammy Romo: Yes. We're -- right now, based on the demand environment, we would likely shift some of those out, as I mentioned earlier. We -- of course, right now, we don't have a firm date on getting the MAX back into service. As Mike mentioned, that's probably kind of a best case maybe the end of December, that could shift into next year. We just don't know yet. So we've got some work to do with Boeing, but to really -- the point is, and we have the flexibility to shift that out. So that's -- so the quick answer to your question is yes, we have flexibility there.
Tammy Romo: We are in discussions with the treasury now. We have signed the term sheet, as you all know, but we're really still in discussions to finalize that. It may be that we have to take a small percentage of the loan on September 30, but we're just -- we're -- it's just a little too early to say for sure because we haven't finalized that yet with treasury.
Tammy Romo: We're not obligated. We have on September 30. There may be some small draw required on September 30, but we would have until later, close to the end of March, to draw down on that. So still working through all that. And we should obviously have that process worked through in the coming weeks.
