Patrick Pichette: Perhaps why don't I just jump on the technical question, then let Larry get to the second one. So look, I think that the headcount fluctuations, you'll remember last year when Larry said that we were at what was the kind of the edge of what was tolerable. And look, this short-term variability is actually the very best proof point that we don't manage kind of quarter-to-quarter and try to smooth things out. It just happens that in the first quarter, at this time of year, it's a bit different than when you come back in Q3 when you have all of the graduate students that actually start with us, so there's a bit of fluctuations there. So I wouldn't read that much into the numbers, but we're basically continuing to push on plan for hiring for this year.
Patrick Pichette: No, we just have -- let's go through the mobile CPC question. So Mark, I think that this one is -- think of it as so much upside for us because essentially mobile is exploding in query growth and the formats themselves are just adapting already a lot and from a relatively crude base to so much more in the future. So that you're absolutely right that right now they don't monetize as well because we're kind of in what search used to be in 2002, 2003, 2004. So as these formats kind of continue to get better and better, we'd expect much better performance on them.
Patrick Pichette: Do you mind, Larry, why don't I answer the last one first because it's really easy and then you can jump on the rest. Look, on TAC, if you look at our percentages -- as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, I mean it's basically stable. I mean, it moves a little bit here and there and you have partner mix and FX mix between mobile and others, but it's not actually changing in any dramatic way. So what you have to see in there is just the regular mix of both traffics and partners that come in and out all the time as well, so that I wouldn't read too much into that. I'll let Larry answer the real sexy question.
Patrick Pichette: Without giving -- look, the short answer is yes, and that's what the core answer of my message to the market was today. I think that you have a combination of international factors. You have a combination of new formats. Ad formats drive a lot in terms of paid clicks. If you think of even the sitelinks' extensions that we've -- like we have a new generation of sitelinks for this quarter, right? This is a perfect example of a product where by adding additional lines that are more targeted, so instead of having just kind of, trucks or -- and then you go down into the second layer, right, you have less CPC for that additional sitelinks. But if it's a better ad, people click a ton more on them. So it is really all of those 5 factors that actually drive them. And that's why we're continuing to kind of be pretty happy with the health of the net effect, which is real growth. Certainly, internationally, I mean it also -- you can see our mix between international and non-international. And that's driving it as well. So you have all these factors at play. And we're pretty happy with what we're doing there.
Patrick Pichette: Carlos, why don't I take the next one, the issue of our cash balance. We have a healthy cash balance, I had mentioned a minute ago, and we still believe  that it's an incredible strategic asset for us. You saw it last year when we decided to make the purchase of MMI, and we continue to monitor this cash balance. And for the time being, we really believe that, that strategic asset has a ton of value. So we'll continue to monitor it and we have a process by which we actually review it on a regular basis with the board, and those questions are always asked. So we have a good governance process around it. But for now and the time being, we have nothing to announce on it.
Patrick Pichette: Why don't I jump on the -- because mine again is not a very strategic one, it's more how we proceed. Look, it's lumpy because there's just timing decisions, right. We would -- there's probably a few areas where we would have like to actually make investments in Q1 and for a bunch of logistics reasons or otherwise, we couldn't. And so -- and you'll notice that's why there's kind of like $350 million difference between Q4 and Q1. And you should just expect it to be lumpy and that's just the nature of -- data centers are kind of big and clunky. And when you buy some piece of real estate, it's big and clunky. So there is quite a bit of variability into it. But we're -- again, I wouldn't take any one data point to start making a trend out of. So it's tough for, but I think that you can see we're committed to capital. If you look at the last couple of years, we've really made kind of significant investments and we'll continue to do them because it's a real strategic asset to us as well. So I'll let Larry answer the first question.
Larry Page: And the question, I guess, about our products. I think we're working very hard, and I've talked a lot about this to make our Google experience be more unified and feel like one great experience for people. And many of the products you mentioned, Google Wallet, Offers, Maps, I mean, they apply kind of across many of the things we do. And so I think you'll see better integration of those products over -- through the rest of our products has already exist with Wallet, for example, across many different parts like Google Play and so on. And I think you'll see that increasingly happen over time just as we make these experiences better. They'll come up when you expect them to come up and when they make sense for users. I think that's definitely a big area of focus for us.
Larry Page: This is Larry. I'll add something, Mark. I think the mobile CPCs -- I mean, people always spend their most effort on the major -- whatever the major source of traffic or revenue is, and those are growing really quickly, albeit currently, obviously, there's more on desktop. I think over time as a reverse, and I think that the ability to kind of on your mobile to do local kinds of transactions, to really easily communicate with people and to do the kind of capabilities you have on your mobile device. And the fact that you spend most of your money locally, I think that over time that may actually reverse and the CPCs action may get better. But I think we're very bullish about that. We're making a lot of investments in that area, in things like Offers and so on and Wallet. And we're very, very excited about the potential there, and also Click-to-Call and other things that we do. So I think, for example, it's a lot easier to call someone from your mobile than it is from your computer right now. And so if that's how you're relying for transactions, actually mobile CPC should be higher for that. So I think you just haven't seen the focus on it and we're moving more and more focused on to that, both on our sales side and our customers are moving focus onto that, but I'm very, very bullish on that.
Larry Page: I think I didn't mention specifically the 70/20/10 in my letter. I should have, that's a good addition. So we definitely still see a -- most of our resources should be going to our core businesses, which really Search and Ads and a few of those things I mentioned that's really fallen to that core, I think. And then there's 20% kind of near things and maybe another 10% on the really speculative things. Through our whole history, we've really struggled this and have 10% kind of on the speculative things. Generally, it's much lower than that. I think the real thing that's needed on those projects is some management. Those take up bandwidth. You saw our announcements of Google Glass last week, which I was very excited to go out. You've seen the driver with his car kinds of things. And it does our take our executive time to deal with those things and so on, and so I think that's the real investment we make rather than being huge amounts of dollars on those kinds of things generally. We've got a limited number of things we can do. As I've been saying, we've been trying to focus. So trying to make sure that we have the right speculative bets as well as the right bets we're making on our core products and so on. And I'm pretty excited about our ability to do that. And I think it's hard coming from the outside because I mentioned in the letter I published today that Android took 3 years, plus 3 years kind of to really get to where it is today. That's 6 years, and you all haven't seen android, right, for those 6 years. We've seen it for those 6 years and we really invested in it. It's not so much money at the earlier stages, but attention. And that's an important, I think, discipline for the company to have.
Larry Page: I'll take the first part, Carlos. I think the -- this is Larry, and I think it's a very good question. And I think one of the things actually had in my remarks when I took out was to talk a little bit about Search and just enough time to put it all in. And I actually covered the question you're asking. I think one of the most amazing things I think we can do today that we couldn't do even a few months ago is to really -- I have this friend Ben Smith, right, who's a person at Google. He has kind of a common name. Now when I do a search actually, it finds the right person and it puts him in the search box. So for the first time, the search box isn't really doing searching a string, just the sequence of letters. It's actually searching for that person that I know. Now it's not, obviously not all the searches you do, but being able to search for people well is important. And knowing -- having real feedback from users about what they like and don't like and things they're sharing and so on is very useful for search. And we have a lot of those signals already, but we can always use more signals. We can always use better relevance and we can always use more data to generate that. So I think it is very important. I think it's not -- think social data about identity and ability to easily share things with other people and comment on them and things like that is a basic utility for people in all of our products. And that's where I was talking about Google+ really working across all of Google for identity and sharing and notification and other things that it does really well. So that all applies to Search and I think it's important for Search. I think search is going to change a lot. We're going to make it a lot better over the next 5 or 10 years as it's changed a lot in the past. And it will include a bunch of those signals and a bunch of other things as well.
Larry Page: Heather, that's a good question. I think that we're very excited about tablets. I think there's a number of Android tablets out there and obviously, we have strong competition there as well. I think you've seen us really invest substantially also in things like Google Play, which really give you great access to entertainment, media, books and videos and so on, and as well as the apps. And we think that's an important component of what we're doing. I think there's also -- obviously, there's been a lot of success on some lower-priced tablets that run Android, maybe not the full Google version of Android. But we definitely believe that there's going to be a lot of success at the lower end of the market as well with lower-priced products that will be very significant. And it's definitely an area we think is important and we're quite focused on.
Larry Page: Justin, I think on your questions about Android, I think they're pretty short-term focus and I think it's good to think about the longer-term issues. We don't get very many new operating systems, kind of only a few in my lifetime, and I think they're pretty important. And I think Android's really about increasing the pace of innovation, usage of mobile devices and our ability to get a great user experiences out to our users, which I think we're doing a great job of. I mentioned over 850,000 devices per day are going out. And it's important to remember we're very early stages of that like we've only -- I'm amazed the computer that I'm carrying in my pocket is as good as the one I had a few years ago on my desktop. And I think we're only at the very, very early stages of what's possible with those devices. And I'm excited about a whole bunch of things we're doing in that area. We already mentioned kind of things like I said I'm very bullish about CPCs will improve on mobile over desktop due to all those capabilities. And so I think the benefits we get from Android are a lot. I mean, obviously, we have great integration with our products and Search and Google+ and photo uploading and there's a hundred things that we do really well on Android that benefit us across the board and across our users across the board and our products across the board. And I think that's going to continue to be the case. And I think it does lead to better economics for us too because we're providing amazing experiences for people that are well integrated and work well and they demand. So that's -- I'm very positive on all those things.
Larry Page: Yes, I mean, I think I've sort of already answered this question previously about tablets. I think the -- I mean, like I said, I think it's an important area. I think your computing experience, obviously, if you have an Android phone or use Google a lot online or you care about all those things in terms of your experience. And so I think you're thinking about your user experience. You're thinking about across all the devices use. I think people are going to get a lot more devices. We see kind of a convergence between all the services on those devices. And right now, I feel like each device you got is kind of a hassle the deal with and you're thinking about each individual device and all the issues with it. And I think that's not really right. I think you're going to have a pretty unified experience and a great experience from a user point of view and you won't have to manage all these devices. So I think you want to think about all these screens around you working seamlessly and working well for you. And I think, obviously, tablets are important. We have Google TV obviously. Big screens are important, computers are important, phones are important. Everything, all those devices are important. And I expect that they'll work well together. So I think that's kind of how we would think about it, and I think it's -- I don't think any single device there is going to drive all the usage or all the kind of convergence that needs to happen.
Larry Page: I'm just going to close the call here, and I really thank everyone for spending so much time with us today. And thank you all for spending time with us today and for being so interested in Google. And now, I'll turn it over to the operator.
Nikesh Arora: Let me take the first question quickly, then I'll give you a little color on the second one, then Patrick can jump in. In terms of what we're doing differently, as I mentioned, YouTube has gone from being an interesting place where brands to be to being a must-buy. So we're seeing tremendous demand for inventory, which is brand related. And for the most part, the online world in the past has been more performance related i.e., people wanted to get some transactions, they wanted to get more people to their website. Now they're seeing the benefit of using the Web for brand affiliation and for brand recognition. So we are beginning to have a different sales pitch with the large brands, which is oriented towards them coming and getting their brands seen a little bit, and YouTube is a phenomenal tool in that regard, which acts sort of like an anchor property. Then we're able to package our demographic base inventory around the Google Display Network, around YouTube and actually get the brands to engage in the large campaigns, which can run the millions of dollars. This was a capability we couldn't have a few years ago because the inventory didn't exist or the demographic tools didn't exist. So clearly, this is a new space and a new sort of pitch to our brand advertisers. As I said, we are trying to light this up across our sales force around the world in 60 countries.
Nikesh Arora: Yes. I mean, again, I'm not going to talk about specific of the TAC on mobile. But as you know, we get people using our devices both organically as well as through our distribution partnerships with carriers and OEMs. And typically, the OEMs and carriers participate in some of the economics that are on the Android marketplace or Google Play and some of them participate in the economics around Google Search just the way we would do syndication on the Web platform, which you do with many partners around the world. We have similar deals on the mobile front. I think in the mix, it comes out. This sort of washes out and it sort of adds up into our number which we show in -- our total number of green desktop and mobile. But mobile is no different from the way the desktop business operates out there.
Nikesh Arora: Yes, I mean, I think the one way to think about it is that fundamentally we have one auction, and that auction every advertiser participates, whether it's the small advertiser or large advertiser. So they way we think about it is that we try and go ahead and get more and more advertisers to see the benefit of online advertising and the solutions that we offer. So as more and more advertisers come into the auction, it drives the price up of the auction for both large and small advertisers. And the way to think about it is that there's a price as we talked about CPCs and paid clicks, but it's really the third variable that goes into it, how many advertisers can we bring into the auction and how many various things can we get them interested in, whether it's mobile, whether it's YouTube, whether it's Display, whether it's Search. So there has been a lot of effort we have put in from our end, both to get more small business online. We've been adding GXBO campaigns around the world where we get small businesses online. We've also been cleaning up our signup flows for our adverts products, which is a self-served product where really small business can sign up. We have been working on getting people to have more mobile sites and getting people out in the mobile campaign. So effectively, it's a lot of effort towards getting more and more advertisers into the ecosystem. And as that happens around the world, you will see seasonal patterns or some sort of spikes when we work harder on small businesses in one quarter in certain parts of the world. But eventually, it all benefits the auction and we see the trend over time ends up working the same way for large and small advertisers.
