Sundar Pichai: Maybe I'll take the first question and give it to Ruth on the cash question. We are very excited about the partnerships we are getting here with large retailers, and we are seeing traction globally. We've obviously partnered with them through our advertising products. But with shopping, especially as we move on to making shopping more seamless across mobile and newer computing categories like Google Home, I think there's tremendous interest here. So we are just getting started. And I think you will see us make a lot more progress and have a lot more announcements. And I think we are going to be relentlessly focused on making the buying experience much more seamless for users. So there's a lot more to come.
Sundar Pichai: The Asia question, largely, I think we've been laying a foundation for a very, very long time. Our products are very heavily used there. And so we've worked hard to build a user base and then the mobile transformation is a secular shift there. That's definitely driving accelerated growth. And it creates a virtuous cycle. We see new advertisers coming on. We are investing more in Asia as well in addition to our go-to-market teams. We are building out great product and engineering teams. That's what has led us to improve core products like Search, Maps, YouTube, et cetera, to work better in those regions. And also launched region-specific products like Google Tez in India. So I think, overall, that's creating a good virtuous cycle and I'm looking forward to having more momentum there.
Sundar Pichai: It's a good question, Heather. Voice, it's important to remember, voice is one input. When you look at how customers interact, they obviously are interacting more and more naturally, seamlessly across a set of screens, computing works and context for them. And even then when they asked voice queries, the response always what they need is not voice alone. Think about walking into a store and if you could only ask using voice and the person has to reply in voice what all is in the store. So that model applies. So we expect a lot of continual experiences across screens, across modalities. So it's a big opportunity. I think it's opening up newer ways in which we are working with partners. I spoke earlier about the kind of experiences we are now able to drive at Walmart and Target, which we could have done a year before. Thanks to voice, how we are using it in the Google Assistant and how we are driving these partnerships. So there's a lot of excitement about how we can do all of this differently. So we are using this as a good way to rethink everything we are doing with the caveat that voice still, overall, is an emerging category compared to how users use our products. So there's a lot of room ahead.
Sundar Pichai: First on cloud. Effectively, we are seeing strong momentum. And we already hear from customers that we have outstanding technology. So the reason we win deals in many cases is because we have superior technology and people also see the room ahead, thanks to a lead in machine learning. And that's an area where I think we'll continue to drive advantage. The main area where we need to get better is to scale our go-to-market and be in more places to effectively get more customers. And we are doing that a few different ways, Diane and team have really skilled our global sales force. But more importantly, I think we are striking a lot of important partnerships with leading technology vendors to scale and reach more customers. And so be the partnership at Cisco that we announced or, in this quarter, we also teamed up with Pivotal and VMware. And earlier the year, you saw us partner with SAP. And all of this help customers more easily run their apps, both on-prem and in the cloud. And we are doing this all in a open way with Kubernetes. So that's the overall strategy, and I think that's really beginning to pay off. And you will see us scale across all these dimensions for cloud in the year ahead. In terms of hardware, we are very seriously committed to making hardware. Few reasons. Hardware is – the intersection of hardware and software is how you drive computing forward. And historically, hardware has been maybe a single device business. For a long while, it was PCs then maybe plus smartphones. But you're clearly entering an era where you going to have different types of computing experiences. And so to do that and to stitch it all together across, I think it's important we thoughtfully put our opinion forward. We're equally committed to working with the ecosystems and we provide the same basis on both sides, be it Android or Chrome. And it's going really well. Our close partnership this quarter across a set of Android partners. You see great momentum at the recently launched Samsung Note 8. We announced ARCore on Samsung devices. So we have strong momentum there as well. So we're committed to pushing forward hard on all these areas.
Sundar Pichai: Look, I mean, first of all, we have a lot of experience in this area. We've been doing distribution deals for our search for well over a decade and I personally been involved all the way from the toolbar in the Chrome days. So by now, first of all, we want to construct a win-win construct. So we always want to construct in which we do better when our partners to better. And so doing TAC well aligns us in that way and, historically, it has driven a lot of growth. And so it's a model we understand. We understand the key economics behind it. And so we are very thoughtful about how we drive it forward. So we are driving it forward in a way in which we know it's going to give strong both revenue and earnings growth. And so I think we are pretty comfortable with how we are approaching it and so we'll continue to do that.
Sundar Pichai: So, on the first one. One of the unique things about how we approach product development is we've always, at Google, care about building our products for everyone. And be it Search or Gmail or Google Photos or Chrome, we work hard to drive it across all platforms. Obviously, some products, their ability to make it work well on other platforms versus our native platforms, there are differences and so we understand that. It's partly why we are very committed to driving success on our platforms, both through the ecosystem and our hardware efforts as well. So we think about it holistically. But you'll continue to see us put a lot of effort into other platforms as well. For example, over the past couple of years, I think we've meaningfully improved our products on iOS, as an example. On the other part, maybe Ruth, do you want to give color. I would just say, at a high level, we drive our investments because we think about it from a user perspective first. We see areas where there are clear user problems and we think about whether we can use computer science and our technology advantage as Google and Alphabet to give a differentiated offering for users. And we do that and then we think long-term. But that's how we do about it. Maybe Ruth can give more color there, too.
Sundar Pichai: On HTC, as we were working on our hardware efforts, we've been working with HTC very closely on the Pixel phones. So across the two companies, we saw a win-win construct, by which we could bring the team and the IP and other assets related to the Pixel business in-house. And it also allows HTC to focus better on their phones and the other products they're working on. So it just made a lot of sense to do it. And I would also think about the overall capability we are getting, not just to make phones, but as we get into other product categories, like Google Home, VR and so on, right? And so it's important to continue to build that out. And the talent we saw there is definitely best-in-class.
Sundar Pichai: Yeah, main thing I would say is the consumer feedback, I think there's always been this promise on being able to, just like today on Google Search when you want something, we make it so easy for you to find it. Bringing that kind of a seamless experience on to TV, when you think about something you want to watch, making it seamless. And so, improving that process, I think, is really what people positively comment on. Other things are being able to personalize it, bringing our machine learning-based recommendations over time. So that's how people notice. They get content, in which they are interested in, surfaced much better. So I think given where we are, I'm really excited at the initial reception. And we are gathering a lot of feedback, bringing it to more markets, and I'm going to work hard at making the product better.
Sundar Pichai: It's a good question, Dan. You kind of partially answered it. So you're welcome to come and work on our e-commerce team anytime. To us, as a vertical, we see huge opportunities there. There's a lot of flywheel effects we see. Almost all e-commerce providers are really interested in, like, cloud for obvious reasons. So we see tremendous traction by which we are – we can talk to them about cloud. They're already advertising partners. They're beginning to work with us much more closely on driving a seamless shopping experience. We're working on payments. And so, it creates a nice flywheel effect, and we can do this globally across all the countries we do it in. And so, we are treating it more thoughtfully and investing in addressing the vertical opportunity we see in front of us, and we'll continue working on that.
Sundar Pichai: On the second thing, look, I think based on every metric we see users' information needs are only going up. And the amount of information they deal with are increasing. And as we add new modalities, it really drives a better experience for them. Google Lens, there's a long way to go. But today, as humans, visual input is really big for us. I mean, it's a lot higher bandwidth than everything else. And so bringing back to computing, I think, is a really important step in advancing how users can process information. And so I see that as an important step. And thanks to machine learning, we'll be able to do these things a lot more powerfully. All of this I think, overall, adds to the search experience. And so I view that as all incremental, but it'll play out slowly over many years. And so we see this as a big opportunity ahead and we are investing for it.
Sundar Pichai: On emerging markets, we do see a differentiated opportunity there partly because the characteristics of how truly many of these markets came mobile first, I think, gives rise to different ways users are adopting our products. And also, more importantly, the ecosystem, which is built around, so for example, if you take e-commerce, the kind of models that are emerging in these countries are also a bit different. So I think we see a way to look at these markets with a lot more thought and address them for the opportunity that they have, not just apply our global products there. So I think that's what led us to do Google Tez in India. And we'll thoughtfully look at the opportunities in that region and invest a lot in the years ahead.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of your second question. There was really no change from the approach we've talked about previously as we think about capital allocation. The priority is organic, as you said in your question. We have a host of really exciting opportunities and ensuring that we're investing to support long-term growth remains number one. The second is strategic, continuing to add on where it makes sense. We're pleased to have added on HTC this quarter. Acquisitions have obviously been an important part of our history. And then the third is the return of capital and no change or update there in terms of how we think about that.
Ruth Porat: And on your TAC question, as I indicated in the opening comments. There are a couple of drivers here. One is changes in partner agreements. And I think the main point is we're very pleased with our strong partnerships across the mobile ecosystem. And the other was the ongoing shift to mobile, which we've talked about a lot and the fact that it carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. I think the most important point is that what you're seeing is we have a very healthy mobile business, search business and it is growing substantially and our focus remains on long-term revenue and profit dollar growth.
Ruth Porat: So it felt like a number of calls talked about the fact that there was no one item that was driving the momentum we saw in our sites revenue, and that was the point of giving you a bit more color here. We are really pleased with the momentum in the business, excited about the opportunities we have given the ongoing strong underlying secular trend, but wanted to give you more color on what do we mean by a culture of innovation, and that's really why I tried to get into a bit more about the rigor of the process. And one of the key points is that we do have the opportunity, and we anchor this indeed, that we're constantly challenging assumptions. We're running a lot of experiments to enhance user and advertiser experience. And the approach continues to be productive, especially because the line of inquiry evolves as user behavior evolves. And so what users wanted in the earlier days of smartphones when screens were smaller is obviously, very different from expectations users have today. Each quarter, the ads team introduces more than 100 enhancements out of a much larger pool of assumptions that they've tested. Machine learning is at the center of our processes and systems. And we do remain excited about the potential. Desktop, I commented on. We are pleased with the ongoing strength of the business. It delivered solid revenue growth that remains an important form factor for certain more complex tasks. We've talked about that in prior quarters. Things like planning vacations or assessing insurance options. And so I think with the strength here underscores the importance of desktop for many users in many task, notwithstanding, the growing utility of mobile for users. And then in terms of YouTube, I think you asked it. Well, we've been doing a lot to protect the ecosystems and do the right things for advertisers and users and content creators and the overwhelming majority of advertisers never left and those who did, many are already back on the platform.
Ruth Porat: And then the numbers flow out of that, which is we look over a multi-year period. A lot of the things that we're doing are multi-year investments, and that's why we stress repeatedly that we're looking at what are the long-term needs and opportunities that we could be addressing, if we're doing that well, we're delivering long-term revenue and earnings growth. And those investments need to be seeded early for them to continue to grow and flourish around the globe. Whether that responds to the first question on what's going on in APAC or across Alphabet more broadly, we take a multi-year look. We look at the business, technical, financial milestones along the way, and we allocate resources in order to make sure we're maximizing the long-term potential to deliver as we see is appropriate.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of TAC, as I indicated, we've got a couple of things going on. We're pleased with our strong partnerships. We continue to stress the impact from the shift to mobile. And again, both Sundar and I have said it, our focus remains on the profit dollar growth. And we've got a really nice position and a strong growth area. So that's what you're seeing here. But as I also said, we do expect it to increase some from here. And you've got a couple of factors going on.
Ruth Porat: So I tried to give you a bit of color going across the major lines. We feel we're really pleased with the sites' revenue growth, the performance in mobile desktop and YouTube. I think if you just go down to the big categories, network revenue also was quite strong. I think one thing to add there is programmatic continues to be a strong contributor. Generate significant growth, we've talked about that on prior calls. Given all the ongoing advertiser adoption of programmatic buying and AdMob continues to see strength. What you're also seeing here is the traditional AdSense businesses. Overall, the pace of advertiser migration to programmatic affects this business kind of quarter-on-quarter as well as the policy changes that we've talked about in prior quarters. And those factors were less of a drag in the last couple of quarters. So you actually saw nicer revenue growth year-on-year here as well. It was up 16%. And then Sundar's talked a lot about the components of other revenues up nicely. We're really pleased with what's going on there and then, on top of that, Other Bets. So we've got a couple of components to it and tried to give you color on each one.
Ruth Porat: And then we do – we did list them in the order in which they're making a contribution. It's obviously a mix of businesses. As we've talked about, we have very strong growth in each of cloud and hardware that was tempered by slightly slower growth in Q3 for Play, reflecting what's the hit-driven nature of that business of gaming. But again, feel really pleased with the progress, momentum that we're seeing in the various businesses. And I guess, the only other thing to notice, obviously, is seasonality on the hardware as we move into the fourth quarter here. Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you.
