Sundar Pichai: On the Google Assistant and Google Home we are very excited about the momentum we saw in CES. It actually reflects work we’ve been doing for a while. Google Assistant in some ways brings together all the technology we’ve been building for years, and it’s an extension and it’s supported by Google Search as well. We are also thinking about our capabilities broadly beyond just one device alone, and that’s what we are doing here across phones, across all surfaces. So, that’s something big we’re focused on. And the second is we have always built ecosystems, be it Android or Chrome or Chromebooks. We work with many, many partners and scale up things, right. And so we are leveraging those best practices and trying to build this in a way in which the entire ecosystem can ship products with the Google Assistant and generate value. So, I think the framework is great, and long-term, our investments in AI will directly manifest its capabilities for users through the Google Assistant. So, I’m very bullish on it.
Sundar Pichai: And Heather on voice, we are very excited by voice. We obviously see it being adopted strongly in countries like India; it’s actually a significant part of just mobile search queries in general. And things like Google Assistant and doing Google Home kind of really accelerates the trend. But, we definitely see more multimodality. So, as you saw, we also announced many smart displays at CES. And I think that will be an exciting trend as well. So, we will bet on all of that. In general, I think about -- we want to be there for users when they need us and we want to serve everyone. This is why we work across the ecosystem, we do first party devices, we do it globally, and so, we are committed to doing that well. So, I think, it will be an extension of how we have approached search from day one and trying to serve everyone. And so, I don’t overall see a big shift.
Sundar Pichai: Overall, look, we -- obviously Search is very broad. And even when you talk about commercial thing, we serve across many, many categories including things like from travel to hotels and to services to products and so on. So, we are very, very comprehensive. And obviously, ecommerce is evolving a lot and we continue to invest there. Google shopping is doing well. And we work hard to make sure we bring the best experience possible, which is why I said [ph] they were also Search and Assistant we partner with companies like Walmart for example to make it much easier to buy products and so on. So, we invested a lot there. You are right, consumer behavior is changing but we are comfortable given the breadth of how we do things and how we are focused on user experience there.
Sundar Pichai: Look, on YouTube, we are continuing to see great momentum. Maybe one area which for example highlights how well it’s doing is if you think about YouTube on TV, people actually want watching YouTube on the big screen, our growth has been significant there. And so, increasingly people use YouTube for -- we see it being used to across every possible use case. And I said it earlier in the call. Every day, we get over a 1 billion user on educational content alone. People use it to go, catch upon sports, music, entertainment. And so, you can think about the breadth of -- historically, YouTube has been very strong on mobile and continues to strong on mobile. It’s doing particularly well in the next billion user markets. Our growth last year was very strong there, which is why we supported it with investments like YouTube Go. And we are seeing it now grow well-beyond mobile, especially in the leaving room. So, a lot of momentum there.
Sundar Pichai: Good question. I was just in Europe last week, it was exciting to be there. There is clearly momentum we feel in terms of how Europe is doing. And we are very committed to the region. We are opening new offices there. We announced AI center. We are committed to hiring more engineers and supporting staff there. So, it’s an important market for us. On things like GDPR, we want to be -- we have been thoughtfully engaged there. I think it’s important to put privacy first for European citizens, and we are very supportive of the work that’s underway there. And we are committed to complying with GDPR across all the services that we provide in Europe. There is still time. As a reminder, it doesn’t go into effect until May or so. And we are working to make sure all our products are ready. And we will work hard to make the transition well. In terms of -- again, with the European Commission, we have long had constructive conversations. We are understanding their concerns and responding with thoughtful changes, and we will continue engaging in a thoughtful way.
Sundar Pichai: On the first thing calling on cloud, particularly last quarter, we obviously brought AutoML to our Google Cloud customers. To me that shows the rate at which we are bringing our internal advances. It’s just a year ago, I remember reviewing with the team and they first showed me the AutoML work, we spoke about it at Google I/O, and it’s pretty cutting edge work. And to turn it back around and to provide it for everyone in the world, I think that shows the power of what we can do with Google Cloud and get our state-of-the-art and get it to everyone. I think the momentum there obviously is due to our strength in machine learning, the kind of open agile development environment we provide security, and then the combination with G Suite. But above all, I think what -- we’ve always -- we’ve been doing cloud now for 19 years because Google itself was built on a cloud platform. But where the momentum is really coming from is over the past two years, we’ve put a lot of effort to make sure we are enterprise scale ready. So, now we can handle any type of enterprise, any kind of regulatory complexity, security complexity and so on. And that’s evident in the business wins we are seeing. So, we are signing customers who are very large across-the-board, globally. And I think that’s driving a lot of momentum there. On your question on Google Home and voice-based assistant and how we are thinking about monetization. There are a lot of interesting ideas internally. So, teams are excited about trying new things. We see a lot of potential. But the guidance I’ve given the teams is to be squarely focused on user experience. We are really getting started. I think these are going to be powerful technologies. But, there are areas where we clearly feel all of us fall short for doing right by users and getting their expectations -- matching their expectation. So, you’ll see us focused on user experience there for a while to come.
Sundar Pichai: I probably can talk about both as they’re related. We obviously want to make sure YouTube has a great experience for users, content creators and advertisers because it supports content creators. And we took a lot of steps last year but particularly in December we adopted a new rigorous approach. And that’s a much more stringent standard for creators. For example, they need 1,000 subscribers to be eligible for monetization. We are manually reviewing Google Preferred videos. We obviously use machine learning to support that a lot and they both go hand in hand. We have provided improved controls for marketers and we are also working with trusted third party vendors to assist brand suitability. So, it’s a comprehensive approach to make sure all of this works well. And so, while there have been concerns but we are working really hard to address them and respond strongly. And so, I think we’re focused on the long-term opportunity here and I think we are setting ourselves up well for the years ahead.
Sundar Pichai: Maybe I’m not fully sure I understood all the specifics there. But, at a high level, as people are on the go, they are travelling et cetera, if anything, I think search is more invaluable than ever before. All the work we do in local searches applies incredibly when you travel, the properties we have like Google Maps et cetera, go along with it. So, overall, I think they all add up to a better user experience and hence a better opportunity for us. Google Pay turns out to be an important part of all of this. As we move from just answers to helping users complete actions about time including transactions, the ability to complete the transaction is an important part of it and which is why making sure Google Pay in a unified way works as seamlessly as possible is a big part of our long-term strategy.
Sundar Pichai: You are right that part of the reason we are so excited about being able to bring this world-class team in-house is while we have been working together already, we have had to straddle a company boundary to do that. But now, having them as Googlers, will really make that integrated development, which is so critical for us to do it better. We bring a unique approach to hardware, the combination of AI plus software plus hardware. So, being able to get those teams working together, I think would really drive the pace forward. And the best example of that is you see the advances we have made with both still and video photography on our phones. And the Nest team is very, very closely aligned with the Google hardware team. They work hard to realize a lot of synergies there. We already shared a lot of our go-to-market efforts. And we increasingly are collaborating on product development as well. So, we collaborate closely, and I’m excited at the possibilities there as well.
Sundar Pichai: Justin, when you think about Search, one of the ways I’d encourage you to think, we think about user journeys. So, a lot of the innovation that we are doing has gone on to not just an individual query and how we respond but how we think about what our user is trying to accomplish over a series of successions. Are you trying to plan a trip and how do we do it better; do you have a health-related area where you are trying to learn more about it, and how do we help you through that. And so, it’s not always just changing a specific format but understanding context better and bringing you that information through a journey. And I think so, there is a lot of innovation that’s happening in that direction. And also underlying is what I said earlier, it’s not just providing the answers, how do you help them get to that information and act on it. And so, maybe you found something and you want to call, call that place or maybe you are trying to order a birthday gift and we actually want you to -- want to go a step further and help that -- help you buy that gift. So, that’s along the lines. And the innovation is happening across search and assistant in integrated way.
Sundar Pichai: On the video gaming side, I think, look, we are -- maybe today have a lot of momentum in these areas, both with YouTube as a platform, Google play. So, these are assets that really worked well, and we will continue investing there. Nothing new or interesting to share with you at this time.
Ruth Porat: And then, in terms of gross margins, it obviously reflects our product mix. And as you know well, the TAC rate for each of sites network as a percentage of revenue lines, that’s continued to increase because they’re our strongest growth areas, namely mobile search and programmatic and so carry higher TAC. But, as I indicated in my opening comments, we do estimate that the year-on-year increase in the sites TAC rate will slow after the first quarter of 2018. And then, the other thing to note, other cost of revenue does reflect the seasonality of hardware, having increased both the number of products and the Made by Google family as well as continuing to expand geographically in western Europe and APAC, you can see that reflected here.
Ruth Porat: So, on your first question, there is not much really that I’m going to be able to add there. I mean, given the ongoing momentum in our mobile search business, this does continue to be relevant, as you look forward, given mobile carry’s higher TAC. But, the rate, as per your question, has also reflected changes and partnership agreement. So, all factors considered, we expect the year-on-year increases will slow after the first quarter of ‘18. And as I’ve said on many of these calls, we are very pleased to have a very strong position in a rapidly growing market and that momentum does continue. I guess, the only other thing to add is that Q4 TAC as a percentage of revenue does benefit from the fact that the fourth quarter is a seasonally strong quarter for YouTube. So, quarter-on-quarter changes are less insightful because CAC is distinct from TAC. It’s not in this number but not much more to add there. Pass it to Sundar.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So, first on Waymo, we do remain very excited about the opportunity with Waymo and our continued progress on multiple fronts, in particular the rider program in Phoenix we’re excited about and we’re expanding our testing to more states. In November, we announced that Waymo’s self-driving TAC reached a major milestone, becoming the only company to have a fleet of driverless cars on public roads that are completely autonomous. And that builds on our more than 4 million test miles driven in the real world in seven states, 25 U.S. cities, we’re currently driving, self-driving I should say, 10,000 miles every day with billions of miles in simulation and robust testing at our private facilities. So, to your question, we do continue to explore a range of options beyond the program, we’re piloting in Phoenix including ride sharing and personal use vehicles, logistics, deliveries and working with cities to help them address public transportation objectives. That being said, our first commercial application is the ride service that we will launch in 2018 that would be open to members of the public in Phoenix and riders will be able to use the Waymo app to have one of our fully driving -- self-driving cars without a driver at the wheel. So, we are very excited about that. And then, in terms of cash, I think the main point as we think about it is there is no change in our approach to our capital allocation framework. We’ve consistently been focused on long-term investing. We talked a lot about that already on this call and our framework has been therefore very consistent. The priority, the first use is organic, it is investing in the many opportunities that we have. And the second is strategic. And we do remain active with smaller M&A deals, in particular to support our cloud business and hardware. The HTC deal which we just closed is a good example of that. Third is CapEx. So, we continue to invest in machines to support growth we see across Google but in particular supporting Cloud, Search, YouTube and all that we are doing in machine learning. And then, finally that leads to return on capital. And when we considered all of that that’s led us to extend -- have the Board extend share repurchase program which we announced a couple of years ago. And we will let you determine what that number represents in true Google fashion. But it’s just a modest increase to what we have been doing previously.
Ruth Porat: And on your question on desktop, there really isn’t one particular item to call out here. And that’s why last quarter, I tried to walk through the process that our team goes through and the way they look at innovation, really stepping back and recognizing that the way we all use smartphones and desktop is continuing to evolve. So, therefore, there is utility and challenging assumptions about evolving user behavior and advertiser preferences, and that opens new lines of inquiry which benefits not just mobile but also desktop. And desktop did deliver solid revenue growth. It does remain an important form factor for certain more complex tasks such as planning vacations or assessing insurance options. And we are pleased with the ongoing strength. I’ll leave it to you to do any of the forecasting. But, we just view it as yet another valuable form factor and are really pleased with the performance there.
Ruth Porat: And then, in terms of sales and marketing, as I said, it particularly supported hardware but was also supporting Cloud and YouTube. And as both, Sundar and I’ve said, these are important Google growth areas for us and we are investing to support growth in the business. The elevated levels this quarter did reflect both seasonality and strategic decision to invest in these brands. And so, view it as a very important part of the overall investment and what we view as very sizeable opportunities. And it’s both supporting the brand and the momentum therefore going into 2018, but this is very specific product focus as well.
Ruth Porat: And then, in terms of your investment question, we’ve consistently been investing across Alphabet and we have tried to be very clear about our investment priorities, all with a view to supporting healthy, long-term growth that goes back to the inception of the Company. Year-on-year op inc growth that you have seen does include these sustained investments for all the areas that both, Sundar and I have talked about, for the year up 22% versus last year. Obviously a lot of variability in growth quarter-to-quarter. And that we just continue to be focused on doing the right things to support growth of the business. The fourth quarter does reflect the obvious seasonality. And again, we continue to look across various, their needs and try and prioritize that we can remain committed to long-term growth.
Ruth Porat: So, on Waymo, really not much more to add. We’re really pleased after years of work on technology where it was really about safety, safety, safety and developing the technology and the platform. And now we are in a position where we have this opportunity to let people use and benefit from what we’ve developed. So, I think that safety has been a key driver and the opportunity for cities has been really exciting what it means about optimizing resource base that they have. So, it’s still very early days and we’re just -- we’re pleased with all the progress the team’s made. But, it would be getting out of ourselves to go further out than what we’ve laid out here.
