Sundar Pichai: Thanks Eric. On the YouTube question, of course, our core effort is around the main YouTube product and that is what works at scale globally across the world and we are seeing continued engagement and it's doing very well. We are committed to making sure there's a premium experience on YouTube, delivering the content people would want and YouTube Music is an important part of that as well. So we're investing in both. As you know YouTube TV is U.S only and we are definitely -- it's an exciting product. It's differentiated and has long run value for us because it brings our advertising products together including being able to serve it across TV. So we are clearly investing in areas where we see opportunity. We are pretty thorough about making sure our investments deliver growth on the other side. And so we monitored with metrics and beat engagement and revenue growth and we see a lot of opportunity here.
Sundar Pichai: On Cloud, one of the things that was evident towards the end of last year is now our inability to win in a very large customers global 5,000 companies with multiyear contracts. And so that's definitely something we want to focus on. I think Dyne and Thomas have been working closely on a transition with a lot of continuity, and you'll continue to see us. It's very clear to us that our product offerings are ready and differentiated and so we want to invest and scale our go-to-market both in terms of direct sales and our channel partnerships. And maybe you will see us focus more on areas where we’re clearly seeing returns. Be the geographic regions we care about the six main verticals where most of the momentum is. And within product offerings, the five major areas where we’ve clearly defined product with differentiated features to. But I’m excited at the traction we are seeing, we are getting large wins and I look forward to executing here.
Sundar Pichai: Doug, on the first one, obviously we have thousands of engineers working on continually launching search improvements. I think for me a lot of this has been the clear hard work that's gone into making sure search on mobile works really, really well removing friction where we can constantly working to get the answers, a bit quicker and faster and make -- making the more relevant. So to me it's more a set of a continual innovation mentality that we’ve had there for a long time. And that’s really working at scale.
Sundar Pichai: Heather, I think maybe specifically a couple of examples, there's definitely we see clear strength in data management and analytics, so we can take specs -- for example, in retail or if you take someone like the Telegraph, those very important factors. Application platforms, so our ability to help customers, deploy cloud native applications has been a differentiator for customers like Unity, Ubisoft, etcetera. And Multi Cloud, ability to run cloud services across Clouds on Prem. In terms out to be very important for global multinational companies like HSBC. So we do see a wide variety of stuff. We are clearly focused on infrastructure being an application platform, data management and smart analytics, and of course with G suite productivity and collaboration. So that's the core areas we are investing in from a product and a go-to-market standpoint. And we are seeing great traction there.
Sundar Pichai: On YouTube, I still think we are in early days of making sure YouTube is better platform for direct response and TrueView for action is still early. We see great traction, but I think there's a lot more to do and I think we had a set of features which we launched last year to make sure it works better. But I think there's a lot more to do. In the long run, I think for me, YouTube is a place where we see users not only come for entertainment, they come to find information, they’re coming to learn about things. They’re coming to discover, to research and so being able to match that intent over time in a way that we can bring the right value for our users and advertisers. I think there's a long run opportunity. And we're taking all the right foundational steps to realize it.
Sundar Pichai: And Mark, on hardware, obviously, we are working hard to offer the best Google experience we can bringing together AI software and hardware. And you are right that it does have a lot of synergistic value, but at the stage where we’re in. The main way we do that today for our core products is by using hardware to drive where the rest of the computing ecosystem is. And so we get a very leveraged effect there. But over time, as we scale up our hardware efforts and do it thoughtfully, so it definitely -- when I look at the kind of experience we can deliver. For example, if you look at something like the Google Home Hub and how it delivers a nice experience across Search, Assistant and YouTube and Photos when you wanted, you can definitely see the glimpse of the future. And so, we are investing to realize that.
Sundar Pichai: I think two questions. On your first question around using machine learning to help serve advertisers better and be able to reach newer advertisers, SMBs and local advertisers. I definitely think you highlight an exciting opportunity. Whenever we’ve done work like be it last year or the last couple of years through universal app campaigns or smart shopping campaigns last year, responsive search ads, those are all great examples of where we brought ML. And with that, we made process much easier for advertisers of all sizes and we see an impact. So I think it's a natural extension for us to continue working in that direction, and that will help us reach SMBs and local advertisers better over time. So I do think that's a good opportunity. And on the second part of your question, I want to make sure I understand it. If you’re asking about how we invest in our security as a company, I think it's the foundation of how we do everything for the past 20 years. And we always -- we realize a deep responsibility that coming -- that comes with being stewards of users' data. So everything we design is designed with privacy and security in mind. It's where some of our core investments go, be it securing our data centers, literally the practices we have across the company, the quality and talent in our security teams and over time using AI itself to do all this well. So it's a core part of what we do and we take it very, very seriously.
Sundar Pichai: On shopping, I think we launched shopping actions around, if I remember, March of last year. And we've definitely seen a strong traction there. I think we've seen roughly a sevenfold increase in merchants in the program since we launched it. And just in Q4, we announced new partnerships with Best Buy, Nike, Sephora as an example. And in terms of Walmart, we have -- Walmart is one of our deepest partners and they remain a strategy partner across multiple businesses for us, including Google Ads and we have efforts underway to work closer together with shopping. But they are definitely a large partner who continue experimenting and we will support them in many ways. But I think, overall, I’m excited about the efforts we are doing in shopping and you will see us focus more there on 2019. We see users come to Google a lot around key shopping moments and we want to make sure we invest in the experience to get closer to what they want.
Sundar Pichai: On Project Stream, being able to deliver gaming with the kind of real-time requirements, the low latency requirements, it's definitely for us -- it's an important computing advance. We think it will help us drive the newer computing platforms we're working on. And I do think, services like that will be a point of inflection as 5G rolls out as well. So I think it is a virtuous cycle. So we are excited. The early feedback our Project Stream experience has been super positive. And so we are looking to build up on that and you will see us do more there in 2019. On Discover, I think traction has been for us, we measure user engagement and satisfaction and happiness on these -- on anything new we do, and the metrics have been really strong. And we obviously -- we offer the best experience today on our products like Pixel, made by Google products. And we are looking to scale that up to reach more users. But we think we’ve a strong product there and I think it's very synergistic to search experience. And so we are looking to bring the best of both to our users, and you'll see us reach more users in 2019.
Sundar Pichai: And on the second question on Cloud, I answered it around Anthony and Heather's question, but to add a little bit more color, while -- maybe it's the change in leadership, but it was a well planned transition. And so Diane and Thomas together planned 2019. And the big things you’re going to see are, a continued focus on global 5000 companies. We are definitely seeing traction with large multiyear contracts, multimillion dollar contracts there. So you'll see us focused there. We will continue to invest in and expand our sales and distribution channels to meet customer demand, so that's going to be an important area for 2019. But mostly being highly focused on the 15 countries, 6 industries and the 5 major solution areas that we think will have the most impact and directing most of our resources towards those efforts is probably something you will see continued emphasis in 2019.
Sundar Pichai: On Google Play, obviously, we do this at scale, thousands of developers rely on it to safely and seamlessly distribute their game to billions of android users worldwide. And we invest a lot in our infrastructure to continuously make sure their overall experience is safe and results in high engagement and for the developer's back. So I think there's a value exchange there and it's been the industry standard. And so, I think we will continue down that path and -- but obviously always adapt to where the market is.
Sundar Pichai: I think, we’ve always approached M&A as I think really -- we are always evaluating opportunities. We’ve a very high bar, and so to me it's been more about us finding the right fit rather than being constrained by anything in particular. But I do think it's always an important part of our strategy and we've done great acquisitions in the past. Things like YouTube and android were big acquisitions for us. And so we continue to look for opportunities ahead.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of revenue it's an investment in YouTube, overall, as Sundar said, we are --YouTube is continuing to benefit from the secular change the way users are consuming content and that's reflected in strong revenue growth. Brand advertising does remain the largest part of the business. It's growing at a strong pace and as I said in opening comments, we're particularly excited about the significant growth in direct response both TrueView for action and app promo formats are delivering a great value for users and advertisers, and that's driving growth across regions and channels. In terms of the expenses, I think what you're referring to is within other cost revenues. The primary driver in the fourth quarter was the increase in content acquisition costs due to YouTube growth and that's both for ad supported content and what is typically a seasonally strong quarter. And also for our newer subscription businesses, which do have higher TAC as a percentage of revenue we're excited about the growth we're seeing here.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of the investment levels in Other Bets, the major point is that we are investing across Other Bets commencement with what we think is required kind of looking out at the opportunity set for each one. And we go through a regular process with weekly business reviews and quarterly board reviews and try and calibrate the appropriate pace of investment. In terms of the increase this quarter, as I indicated in opening comments, we accrued some comp expenses for a number of bets and that was really to reflect increases in the valuation of equity in certain Other Bets.
Ruth Porat: And then the specific comment I think you’re referencing is I was pointing to headcount growth. We are continuing to hire to support growth opportunities, particularly hiring engineers and product managers in Google and continuing to support growth in Cloud, and what I was just trying to draw out was we will continue to hire, but the year-on-year growth rate will moderate there.
Ruth Porat: So, in terms of growth, Cloud does continue to deliver sizable revenue growth driven by GCP and GCP does remain one of the fastest-growing businesses across Alphabet. As Sundar said, we double the number of GCT contracts greater than a 1 million. We are also seeing a really nice uptick in the number of deals that are greater than $100 million and really pleased with the success and penetration there. At this point, not updating further.
Ruth Porat: And in terms of Waymo, as you know well, we are intently focused on safety first and ensuring a great user experience, and that's why we're expanding methodically. We are pleased that we’ve continued to broaden out our service in the Phoenix area and we're focused on expanding both the number of riders in the geographic reach around Phoenix. In addition, we're having conversations with a number of other interested cities and we are continuing to explore applying our technology for logistics and deliveries and for personal use vehicles and for last mile solutions for cities, so continuing to execute as we’ve described previously.
Ruth Porat: So starting with R&D, the main driver is our ongoing investment in engineers, in particular, in Google and then as I said the sizable increase in accrued comp for Other Bets and just build that out a bit more, give you a bit more color, in certain Other Bets, employees are compensated through equity-based programs. And that's because we believe that this alignment of interest is valuable. We do assess valuation on an ongoing basis. And at a minimum, we do a formal valuation assessment once every 12 months or when there is a significant event. And what you're seeing in the fourth quarter is the impact of higher valuation in certain Other Bets. And as we've talked about previously, a goal with the Alphabet structure is to enable us to build new businesses that would make a positive impact and create long-term value. And it's still early days we're very excited about the opportunities we see. And so what you're seeing is the impact here of valuation. The way we approach it is very consistent with the way startups are typically valued, and that includes technical progress and a range of other items.
Ruth Porat: And then on the second question, we've talked about this on prior calls. We've often talked about the fact that we have been and remain committed to long-term revenue growth through innovation. And the point I was trying to underscore is the timing and scale of the impact. It's inherently difficult to predict. And so it can be inconsistent from quarter-to-quarter. The main point is we remain very excited about the opportunities for users and advertisers, in particular, building off of Sundar's comment as we apply machine learning to solutions.
Ruth Porat: Thanks. So, in terms of overall Google margins, I think that the main point you're seeing in the margins as we continue to see tremendous opportunity across Google, and so we're investing to support long-term revenue and earnings growth. We’ve talked a lot in this call already about the importance of machine learning and it is a key component of incremental investment, particularly, in CapEx for technical infrastructure to support the existing -- at the existing businesses, but also the newer ones, and that's kind of flowing through here. We've talked on prior calls that we're very mindful of the fact that CapEx turns into depreciation, which is why I single this out. We are continuing to see tremendous opportunity in the ads business, Search and Ads businesses and beyond machine learning we're further investing to continue to enhance the experience for users and advertisers, and that's across Mobile Desktop and YouTube. So, for example, a big priority in 2018 was expanding the availability of content for what we call the next billion user markets, which are for us a really important area. We are excited about the growth and the opportunity to deliver experiences across markets. We are also investing to enable more visual ways of finding information, such as photos and videos. And then, we are investing aggressively in our newer businesses within Google, particularly, Cloud and Hardware as Sunder has already said. So what you're seeing reflected through in the margins on the cost of revenue side is the impact of the product mix that we’ve talked about, a big part of that is the ongoing strength in YouTube and then on the OpEx side investing in engineers, in particular, for Google as well as on the sales and marketing side, the increased headcount to support not just Ads, but in particular Cloud.
Ruth Porat: And then in terms of the pace of investments, I’ve already laid out the focus areas and our commitment to continue to invest to support long-term revenue and earnings growth and just wanted to put a fine point on both CapEx and headcount. So on CapEx, as I indicated in opening remarks, we do expect the rate of year-on-year CapEx growth will slow meaningfully. So with the scale of our business and with our focus on user experience, it does require CapEx. We are committed to continue to invest in CapEx to deliver on that. In terms of the mix, we expect to see more of an uptick in 2019 in data center investments relative to servers. But the point which you asked in your question, the year-on-year growth rate will moderate meaningfully. And then, in terms of headcount, we are -- I was just trying to make clear that the growth in headcount will moderate somewhat here just so that there's no interpolation.
Ruth Porat: So the reason I started by laying out, I think, in response to the question on margins where we're investing and how we look at is, we are very focused on investing to support long-term revenue and earnings growth. We are very mindful of the CapEx impacts on free cash flow and earnings growth. And so we're trying to get it right, over investing, under investing neither of those works for long-term value creation, but we are very mindful of the pace here and trying to lay out work with more specificity, how we are looking at the opportunity set where -- and making trade-offs where we can.
